American,Lawyer
There is no excuse for perjury - never, never, never. There is truth, and the truth demands respect.
The values of confidentiality of matters occurring before the grand jury is very important.
Lawyers claim that their clients have been grossly mistreated, which is what criminal defense lawyers are paid to do.
Don't blame the messenger because the message is unpleasant.
We must combat misinformation that is being spread.
We were criticized throughout that investigation for being too thorough, for taking too long. But time has proved the correctness of that approach.
Higher educating has so many challenges, and private higher education has a special challenge of ever rising tuition costs.
I said in sharp language that that practice was wrong.
After an extensive investigation, the office produced a report that addressed the many questions that confronted the difficult issues, it laid out new evidence, and it reached a definitive conclusion.
Whether the story reflects the facts is obviously a different matter.
When we had highly sensitive information, the DNA on the dress, that was held within our office and the FBI. There was no dissemination of that information.
We were in Little Rock. We were assessing a very important issue. In the midst of our discussions, we were receiving urgent inquiries from The Washington Post asking about interviews.
The whole idea of equal justice under law means that you've got to play by the rules. It has nothing to do with the underlying subject matter. You just tell the truth.
Lying under oath, and encouraging lies under oath, does go to the very heart and soul of what courts do. If we say we don't care, let's forget about courts, and we'll just have other ways of figuring out how to handle disputes.
In contrast to what most prosecutors do, we try to treat all individuals with complete fairness. We do not go out and hold press conferences and the like.
I was privileged to serve as a judge.
I was assigned to do a job by the attorney general, and that was to find out whether crimes were committed.
I thought we were to discuss a referral which we believe contains substantial and credible information of potential impeachable offenses by the President of the United States.
I think the President inspires tremendous affection and loyalty by a wide range of people.
I don't believe anyone has leaked grand jury information.
I do not speak frequently or otherwise to the press.
I am not here to accuse the media of anything.
You're making me feel like a skunk at the garden party.
Government lawyers have a duty to disclose evidence of wrongdoing in the government.
As you may know, I'm a native Texan. In fact I'm a fifth generation Texan.
I had loans in law school.
