Canadian,Lawyer
Leadership is not about a title or a designation. It's about impact, influence and inspiration. Impact involves getting results, influence is about spreading the passion you have for your work, and you have to inspire team-mates and customers.
Hard work opens doors and shows the world that you are serious about being one of those rare - and special - human beings who use the fullness of their talents to do their very best.
Leadership is not a popularity contest; it's about leaving your ego at the door. The name of the game is to lead without a title.
As you move outside of your comfort zone, what was once the unknown and frightening becomes your new normal.
Leave your ego at the door every morning, and just do some truly great work. Few things will make you feel better than a job brilliantly done.
The business of business is relationships; the business of life is human connection.
If we are paying attention to our lives, we'll recognise those defining moments. The challenge for so many of us is that we are so deep into daily distractions and 'being busy, busy' that we miss out on those moments and opportunities that - if jumped on - would get our careers and personal lives to a whole new level of wow.
Cell phones, mobile e-mail, and all the other cool and slick gadgets can cause massive losses in our creative output and overall productivity.
The starting point of discovering who you are, your gifts, your talents, your dreams, is being comfortable with yourself. Spend time alone. Write in a journal. Take long walks in the woods.
A leadership culture is one where everyone thinks like an owner, a CEO or a managing director. It's one where everyone is entrepreneurial and proactive.
Success is not a function of the size of your title but the richness of your contribution.
Basically, to lead without a title is to derive your power within the organisation not from your position but from your competence, effectiveness, relationships, excellence, innovation and ethics.
Be spectacularly great at what you do. Wear your passion on your sleeve and hold your heart in the palm of your hand. And work hard. Really hard.
I'm a simple man. Grew up in a small town. Came from humble beginnings. No silver spoon.
Difficult times disrupt your conventional ways of thinking and push you to forge better habits of thought, performance and being.
Leadership is a mindset that shifts from being a victim to creating results. Any one of us can demonstrate leadership in our work and within our lives.
No matter how busy I get or how much pressure is on my shoulders, a good workout makes me feel at ease. I come off the treadmill feeling relaxed, full of joy and with a sense of perspective over the issues on my plate.
Your billion-dollar ideas don't show up in the middle of dramatic distraction. They show up when you have the business and personal discipline to make space for your creative mind to flourish.
Unsuccessful people are the ones who are impressed by celebrity, by people's names and titles.
If you really want to be world class - to be the best you can be - it comes down to preparation and practice.
I've had some wins. And been knocked down with defeats. Glimpsed views from the top of the mountain. And walked through the darkest of valleys. But through this entire ride called 'a life' - I've refused to give up.
I take a massage each week. This isn't an indulgence, it's an investment in your full creative expression/productivity/passion and sustained good health.
The more people you help and the more value you create, the more your business will fly - and the quicker you'll win.
Let planning be the springboard, so that spirituality can be our splash.
Most of my ideas are based on the latest research on productivity, performance and mental mastery - that's why so many iconic companies bring me in to help them grow and win.
Writing in a journal reminds you of your goals and of your learning in life. It offers a place where you can hold a deliberate, thoughtful conversation with yourself.
Goal-getting matters. And writing down the brave acts and bold dreams you intend to accomplish will provide the spark to get them done.
I was a litigation lawyer. That's all very logical. Become a litigation lawyer. Become successful. Have a nice office. But there was some pull inside of me saying, self-publish this book. I followed that intuition and it's been a great choice for me in my life.
I try to work out daily in the morning hours. This drives up energy levels dramatically. You'll feel more inspired. And you'll need less sleep.
Leaders understand that the real fight is the fight against time. There's so much to achieve in such less time.
I was a litigation lawyer, working in downtown Toronto. I was successful, yet I was very unfulfilled. I had the sense that I really wasn't living according to my values, and I didn't have the passion or sense of mission I was looking for.
Too many people start their day like a five-alarm fire. Instead, I teach people to start their day a little earlier than they usually do, and urge them to take the time to prepare, to practise, so when you get to work, it's show time and you're at your best.
If there are only three guys at the top of the organization handling things, it's the definition of a bankrupt company. In creating leaders without titles, we are going to have organizations with people at the helm putting forth their best.
I have spent years as a leadership coach to the very wealthy and have been able to get behind the eyes of some of the world's best, studying the minute details of what makes a person great.
As for whether I am a 'new age guru', I am not at all. I help companies build employees who lead without a title and become high performers.
I adore India, its culture, and all the beauty of the nation. My father is from Jammu, and he's had a profound influence on my mindset and way of being.
I'm pretty conservative. I believe that buying good quality is a good investment. I buy fewer things but of better quality.
I bought my own home in 2004. It's a sanctuary for my family and a place of peace and calm. It's key for anyone committed to leadership and success to avoid the noise and focus on their best opportunities.
There is a new model of leadership in the world that rides on the premise that every single person in the organisation can be a leader. Titles are important for structure and order, but real power does not come from titles.
Showing leadership doesn't mean every employee will run the organization; that would lead to chaos. Businesses do need someone to set the vision and then lead the team to it.
I'm an evangelist for the idea of being ultrafit if you want to be the best of breed. Getting into world-class physical condition is one of the smartest moves you can make.
I get so many big ideas while I'm running and such clarity while I'm lifting weights. And staying fit keeps me happy and positive.
The fears you run away from run toward you. The fears you don't own will own you. But behind every fear wall lives a precious treasure.
I'm not one of those New Age types that believe 'it's all meant to be' and that our lives have been scripted by an invisible hand.
By seizing the opportunities that disruption presents and leveraging hard times into greater success through outworking/outinnovating/outthinking and outworking everyone around you, this just might be the richest time of your life so far.
Just imagine how fast, innovative and excellent your business will be once every single teammate - from the janitor to the executive - begins to see themselves as the CEO of their own area of responsibility.
