Greek,Statesman
Unfortunately, corruption is widespread in government agencies and public enterprises. Our political system promotes nepotism and wasting money. This has undermined our legal system and confidence in the functioning of the state. One of the consequences is that many citizens don't pay their taxes.
If we had a consensus we wouldn't have to go to a referendum.
Many people have been pontificating, and patronizing, and moralizing, and scapegoating, saying you Greeks, you are the problem. I would say we Greeks have a problem. We are not the problem.
First of all, Greece won't go down. We're talking about a country that is capable of making change. Europe will not allow the destabilization of the 27-country euro zone. But if there were no action, then markets would start becoming jittery about other countries - and not only Spain and Portugal, but other countries in the European Union.
There are certain moments in the history of a nation when the choices made define the decades to come.
This idea that you're a successful tough guy if you evade taxes and deceive the state has got to change.
Markets themselves are looking for stability, and I think we have underestimated the capacity of Europe... to actually create a more stable framework for the whole issue of debt management, bonds, and so on.
I have been supporting the European Union, but we are still a work in progress. We have to become more of a United States of Europe. We should talk about electing a president of the E.U., rather than having one selected from the heads of government.
We stand united, facing the big responsibility to change our country into a nation of justice, solidarity, humanity and green development.
Greece has given Europe the opportunity to fix a defect in the euro zone, that is the fact that we did not have a fiscal union. Now steps have been taken to begin that process. And there is more solidarity from nation to nation, and that is a good thing. That has been Greece's gift to Europe.
As long as I feel I am doing what I think is right and just for my country, for the Greek people, that is enough for me. Saving Greece from this crisis was the first thing on the agenda. We are now on a much more normalised road.
You can theorise about the options you have but in reality they are very specific.
We're very proud to be part of the eurozone. But this comes with obligations and it is crucial we show the world we can live up to those obligations.
Everyone needs to carry out his own personal revolution.
People would say you look weak if you're not cursing the opposition and driving around in a big black car while always wearing a tie. Above all, to be 'strong' you're always supposed to be giving orders.
If Greece had gone through a very normal political life, I may have not been in politics. But just the fact that I lived through huge upheavals and very difficult struggles and polarization and the barbarism of dictatorships - that made me feel that we had to change this country.
It is important that the Greek people make decisions on important developments.
Today I want to send a message of optismism to all Greeks. Our road, our path, will be more stabilised. Our country will be in a better situation. We will be stronger.
When I was growing up in the United States and Sweden, I never thought about becoming a politician.
Politics also means educating people. It's important to speak openly with our fellow Greeks, to tell them what our problems are and that we have to change something.
I am proud of being a Greek of the diaspora.
We are on a difficult course, on a new Odyssey for Greece, but we know the road to Ithaca and have charted the waters.
There is this concept of politics as a dirty game.
Already people are saying we do need a change.
Europe has a lot of strength. We need to pool that strength, and I am very much in favour of that - more of a deeper political union.
I never thought of politics as a profession.
We have a rise of extremism because we need to give a sense that we are targeting some of the deeper problems in Greece, the injustices.
We have made major reforms in Greece. When I took over after a landslide victory we had a mandate for change and I knew my major focus would be re-organizing the state.
I would like to see Greece as a case study, an opportunity for Europe to strengthen its coordination of fiscal policy.
The fact that we're going through a crisis is an opportunity for Europe to be more coordinated and more integrated. We're actually talking about a European Monetary Fund or euro bonds, about guarantees for countries, about economic governance in the European Union. That shows the strength of Europe.
Very often, people will come out and say, 'Greeks aren't doing things, Greeks aren't making changes, there's no reform,' That is hogwash. We have made a huge effort. The Greek people have made a huge effort.
Greece has great strengths, but much of this potential has been wasted. That's because of a wider political system, but also because of a lack of an institutional framework.
We in Europe have great capacities.
If you put all the European countries together, we are the biggest economy in the world.
Greece's history in the drachma was an up-and-down history, a roller coaster.
The real problem in Greece is not cutting taxes, it's making sure that we don't have tax evasion.
The Marshall Plan was after destruction, and the U.S. came to our help and obviously this was very, very important for the future of Europe. I think now we have all the capabilities of doing it on our own and, in a sense, we have to.
If we were going to default, we would have decided that many months ago. It would be wrong for the Greek economy, it would be wrong for the European economy, it would make things worse in the end. That's why we're taking the pain and making these structural reforms, and we're on target.
