Greek,Philosopher
Painting is silent poetry, and poetry is painting that speaks.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education.
To find fault is easy; to do better may be difficult.
The real destroyer of the liberties of the people is he who spreads among them bounties, donations and benefits.
An imbalance between rich and poor is the oldest and most fatal ailment of all republics.
Perseverance is more prevailing than violence; and many things which cannot be overcome when they are together, yield themselves up when taken little by little.
It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
The omission of good is no less reprehensible than the commission of evil.
In words are seen the state of mind and character and disposition of the speaker.
For to err in opinion, though it be not the part of wise men, is at least human.
If I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes.
Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself.
Let us carefully observe those good qualities wherein our enemies excel us; and endeavor to excel them, by avoiding what is faulty, and imitating what is excellent in them.
Courage stands halfway between cowardice and rashness, one of which is a lack, the other an excess of courage.
Nothing is harder to direct than a man in prosperity; nothing more easily managed that one is adversity.
Character is simply habit long continued.
Fate leads him who follows it, and drags him who resist.
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear; but being resolutely minded in a just cause.
Neither blame or praise yourself.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
It is indeed a desirable thing to be well-descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
