Malaysian,Actress
It can only be true love when you enable your other half to be better, to be the person they're destined to be.
The beauty about being a producer is you sit there, and you explore ideas which become a passion, which slowly becomes a reality.
With an award like the Asian Film Awards, we've sent a message saying that 'Asian Cinema is here, it matters, and more importantly, we are all part of the same fraternity!' The AFA is truly, then, an award for Asia, by Asia.
We all learn every day, and that's the magic about film making.
To be a geisha, you have to have to an iron-clad layer around you - around your physical body and your heart.
Martial arts is just practice. Being a geisha requires complete control.
When I watch myself on-screen, I always look for the flaws.
My grandmother had flawless skin just from using basic skincare - an old herbal remedy in the form of a white powder and cream. I don't actually know what was in it because when you're young, you're not interested in skincare, and I didn't want to walk around the house with a white face.
The first one I did was an action film with Sammo Hung and George Lam, but I had the usual female role for that time: you know, damsel in distress, rescued by the hero.
Body language is more fascinating to me than actual language.
Sometimes, being a girl away from home - it gets to you.
Before you get into the mind, you have to inhabit the physicality. Body language is a great way of speaking.
Wai Lin is the first Bond Girl who is on a par with Bond, someone who can match up with him mentally and physically. From the moment our characters see each other, there is a wariness and a recognition that this person is not who she or he seems to be.
I always thought of myself as James Bond.
San Suu's story will always involve politics, but the essence is the love story.
For me, beauty comes from natural happiness. I think that a woman glows, and a man, even, when they're healthy and they're happy.
I thoroughly enjoy a good hot bath. That is my ultimate luxury.
Your timing has to be very accurate. I've done a lot of wire work before. I can see that experience makes a big difference.
In a movie, that's the only time when you're allowed these kind of fantasies to be lived. Being able to look so cool and be able to fight five bad guys and take them down. When can you do that?
Some of the martial arts films, the motivation is about martial arts. That's where it's coming from. It is a visual, commercial film, to showcase the next stunt, the biggest thing. And character development becomes a side thing.
Playing a sinner is very liberating!
I want to be there for all those who are left behind in this world, whether it's because they are born poor, born a woman, or born in an area affected by devastation.
I gathered as much reading material about Aung San Suu Kyi and about Burma as I could. And I read every article and every book she had written. I also had 200 hours of footage of her to watch. I tried to discover who were her heroes and where he desire and strength to pursue democracy in a non-violent fashion came from.
My career in the movie business began in Hong Kong, my heart has always been tied to Asia, and it is immensely gratifying to see international recognition for Asian cinema as a whole.
As an actor, you hope to find roles that are challenging to you as an artist. Then if you are truly blessed, you will find that it also carries a message that you can impart to your audience.
I have been presented with roles with demand not just a physical ability but mental disciplines as well. 'Memoirs of a Geisha' was not so much about physical exertion... it was much more graceful and contained than that.
Every time you do a movie, it's important for your career, your reputation.
You never know whether the subject matter will click with the audience at that particular time. I wish there was a formula, you know, 'That plus that equals success.'
As an actress, you know there are limitations on what you can do creatively.
I'm terrible on the phone. I just text my friends and family and say, 'Hey, I'm in town.'
On 'Far North,' we were always aware of being at the whim of mother nature. She's the biggest star in the film.
It's so important for me to do my own stunts. The sense of achievement is so immense. But the studios don't want to take the risk.
It's very important for us all to understand that we are interconnected and we need to hold hands together, especially when the going gets tough.
Martial arts is something you can learn or pick up and think you could do really well.
There might never be another 'Crouching Tiger.' There might be something that's even better than 'Crouching Tiger.'
Acting is not just impersonating your character.
Playing Aung San Suu Kyi was a journey in itself. She represents many things for many people and for many reasons. Although I have played many important roles in my life, I can say that this role has been a journey of self-realisation.
I was struck by Suu Kyi's warmth and generosity. No matter how petite she looks, she exudes amazing strength. More than anything else, I felt like I already knew her, like she was an old friend, because I'd been watching her so intently, and she was exactly what I had figured she would be.
They won't take you seriously because you are a girl. These guys had to understand that you are just as tough as them, and you have to take them on.
Movies cater to what the audiences want.
Why do we have 'Transformers 5 or 6?' Because young kids will go and see it four or five times.
I went to the Gobi Desert, even though I had no scenes there. This is the greatness of China, the landscape, even for us.
In one take, I had to do 24 combat sequences, which is hard. It makes you think, 'I'd better get on my toes again.'
Action shouldn't just be seeing all those crashes. You can blow up a cathedral; next time you blow up the Great Wall of China, and then what? But when you're in love with your characters, the smallest action becomes an important action.
I did ballet, piano and all that - my brother did martial arts, my passion.
I believe all of us want to do good for our country.
I don't plan to go out and do action or not do action.
When you're a teenager, you could do a lot more crazy things, and your body recovers faster.
I love action films, and to be able to put together 'Silver Hawk' was so exciting.
Jackie Chan is like a big bro to me.
I love my martial arts and action movies. They give another dimension to the acting world: the emotional plus the physical.
In many ways, I feel I'm still as physically fit as I was 20 years ago because I've always been athletic.
I gravitate towards roles where women find strength in very difficult, uncompromising situations but maintain clarity in mind, discipline at heart, and a certain strength in spirit.
When someone acknowledges you for something that they think about you, it's a huge compliment.
Sometimes when I'm on the phone, someone will say, 'Yes, Mr. Yeoh.' And I'm thinking, 'I'm not Mr. Yeoh, man.'
Unfortunately, many parents reject helmets for their kids out of a mistaken perception that helmets are unsafe for children.
Today, tomorrow and every day, we will see at least 2,000 young children killed or seriously injured on the world's roads. This is unacceptable, preventable, and we have to stop it. We have the vaccines for this disease: helmets, seatbelts, speed enforcement, safe road design. We just need to use them.
Every time I choose to do a movie, I make the decision because of what I think I can learn from it.
When I made my first film, it was just an adventure. But after my first movie, I guess I got more of a feeling of what was happening around me.
In Europe and America, you never see a director pick up a camera. They all sit behind monitors.
For me, the director is the most important thing. He is steering the boat. If you don't trust him, you won't be able to give him your all.
When it is real person, especially who means so much to millions of people, you have an obligation, you cannot take liberties, you cannot pretend to know. But we are telling the love story of Michael Aris and his wife, the story of a beautiful, lush country, and the emotions of a mother.
When you face up to bad things in the past, the most important thing is not to allow them to happen today or in the future, and as storytellers, we must play our part in that.
Raising awareness for Nepal was and still is an important role for me.
I have very supportive parents who said, 'Go and do what you want to do. Home is always here for you, and if you don't like it out there, come back. You can always do something different.' So when you have an option like that, you are able to choose roles or choose the things you want to be in.
We have to make movies where we do not think this is for the American market or this is for the Chinese market. We have to make a good movie that anyone would just want to sit down and watch because love, language, culture transcend everything.
If you were ever a ballerina, you know the pain: just to be able to look like it's all so light, but when they take off their shoes, it's all bloody.
It's very important that I'm approaching a character that I've either not played before, or I can give it a different take.
I believe that the director is really the soul. It is a collaborative effort, but the director is the one who needs to have that vision. It could be a great script, but it starts from there. You need to have good material, at least, but if you don't have someone with vision, it's just words.
I've taken this year to concentrate fully on the promotion of 'The Lady.' This movie has been so meaningful; until we have premiered in every part of the world and encouraged as many people as possible to shine the spotlight on the Burmese people and Daw Suu, I will not have a next project.
'The Lady' is an incredible love story about how a family was cut off from each other, about sacrifice, about the ability to put the needs of million of people before your own.
As an actor, you are always looking for roles that will challenge you, and when I came upon Aung San Suu Kyi, it wasn't just about that but also about stepping into the shoes of someone who means so much to millions of people.
I think that learning Burmese has to have been one of the most challenging things that I have had to do for a movie.
I had an amazing teacher, who was Burmese, and she was living in Paris at the time, and she is one of very few who doesn't actually receive a credit in the film because she still has family over there.
It was like baptism by fire. There was no school for studying acting. You just have to take it upon yourself to learn from your peers. It's about opening your eyes, listening, and watching.
It's all choreographed; it's a routine. So I told everyone I really wanted to try fighting in action films. I had no stunt experience, but I had the dance background, and I was very agile and coordinated. And the best thing about being a newcomer to acting is you can afford to try new things.
As an actor, you can't just imitate someone. You have to get under her skin.
It's our responsibility as filmmakers to tell a story that's a human drama.
