Lebanese,Activist
Protecting free speech is not only a matter of principle, it is also pragmatic.
Cross-cultural learning and studying abroad can be transformative.
I believe in international justice. I believe it's important that you don't just turn the page without people being held to account.
If you're a woman lying on the beach in the Maldives, you might want to know that a kilometer away, another woman is being flogged. And you might want to find your own way to protest that.
If you are a lawyer, and you want to take on easier cases, you can prosecute traffic violations or something. You'd have a very high rate of success, and you probably could sleep more easily at night. But that's not what drives me.
There was a break in the proceedings when Peter Greste was deported, and that was considered sufficient then to allow the executive to intervene.
The first piece of advice I would have from my experience is that governments need to be vocal about human rights.
If you don't have a good case, and you don't have a good message, then shining a light on it is not going to get you very far.
There is lots of my work that takes place behind closed doors that is not ever seen.
Locking up dissenters does not reduce dissent - it fosters it.
A horseman's head is in Athens, and his body is in London: Poseidon's torso is separated between Greece and the U.K. This means that they cannot be celebrated and appreciated as a whole in the country they came from.
Democracy is dead in the Maldives.
I think it's important for tourists to know the facts of what's happening in the Maldives. I don't think people realize that there's a flogging taking place a kilometer away when they're sunbathing in their resort.
I want to work on cases that I feel the most passionate about.
WikiLeaks' disclosures should be protected under the First Amendment.
Sentencing a political opponent to death after a show trial is no different to taking him out on the street and shooting him. In fact, it is worse because using the court system as a tool of state repression makes a mockery of the rule of law.
No government intent on persecuting its critics will want to leave the outcome of a trial to chance.
I think the international community should be ashamed that they haven't done more for the Yazidis.
My name means 'hope' in Arabic, and I was born when there was a war in Lebanon.
