Lebanese,Scientist
Years ago, I noticed one thing about economics, and that is that economists didn't get anything right.
You will get the most attention from those who hate you. No friend, no admirer and no partner will flatter you with as much curiosity.
Nature builds things that are antifragile. In the case of evolution, nature uses disorder to grow stronger. Occasional starvation or going to the gym also makes you stronger, because you subject your body to stressors and gain from them.
Never think that lack of variability is stability. Don't confuse lack of volatility with stability, ever.
We have this culture of financialization. People think they need to make money with their savings rather with their own business. So you end up with dentists who are more traders than dentists. A dentist should drill teeth and use whatever he does in the stock market for entertainment.
If you are in banking and lending, surprise outcomes are likely to be negative for you.
The key to wealth is that it doesn't matter. Once you've had it, you don't think anything of it; you can wear cheap watches.
Steve Jobs, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg didn't finish college. Too much emphasis is placed on formal education - I told my children not to worry about their grades but to enjoy learning.
Success is about honour, feeling morally calibrated, absence of shame, not what some newspaper defines from an external metric.
Alan Greenspan is unskilled; you don't take the unskilled seriously.
I'm in favour of religion as a tamer of arrogance. For a Greek Orthodox, the idea of God as creator outside the human is not God in God's terms. My God isn't the God of George Bush.
I hated school because I liked to daydream and the system tried to stop me from that.
When you ask people, 'What's the opposite of fragile?,' they tend to say robust, resilient, adaptable, solid, strong. That's not it. The opposite of fragile is something that gains from disorder.
What we do today has nothing to do with capitalism or socialism. It is a crony type of system that transfers money to the coffers of bureaucrats.
All of technology, really, is about maximizing free options.
The people I go after are the false experts, those who do not accept the limits of their knowledge.
The world we live in is vastly different from the world we think we live in.
If you take risks and face your fate with dignity, there is nothing you can do that makes you small; if you don't take risks, there is nothing you can do that makes you grand, nothing.
The next time you experience a blackout, take some solace by looking at the sky. You will not recognize it.
We should ban banks from risk-taking because society is going to pay the price.
We humans lack imagination, to the point of not even knowing what tomorrow's important things will look like.
We know from chaos theory that even if you had a perfect model of the world, you'd need infinite precision in order to predict future events. With sociopolitical or economic phenomena, we don't have anything like that.
I drive a hybrid, moving into an electric car. I only drink tap water, never consume food that's travelled.
I am happy everywhere except in places where I see glitz and rich farts. I am happiest in Brooklyn, where the concentration of rich farts is minimal.
I don't read the papers; I stopped reading the papers. I read the papers only during periods of crisis, and I think papers are too long on a regular day and too short days when we have a crisis.
Failure saves lives. In the airline industry, every time a plane crashes the probability of the next crash is lowered by that. The Titanic saved lives because we're building bigger and bigger ships. So these people died, but we have effectively improved the safety of the system, and nothing failed in vain.
When you write, you don't have the social constraints of having people in front of you, so you talk about abstract matters.
I no longer care about the financial system. I gave them my roadmap. OK? Thanks, bye. I've no idea what's going on. I'm disconnected. I'm totally disengaged.
I'm a private intellectual, not a public one.
Bailing out every bank that fails makes the system riskier, not safer.
What America does best is produce the ability to accept failure.
Paul Krugman is a danger to society!
If you are an Arabic-speaking, Greek-Orthodox going to a French school it makes you deeply sceptical if you have to listen to three different accounts of the Crusades - one from the Muslim side, one from the Greek side and one from the Catholic side.
Corporations take the humanity out of trade - they take the happiness out and replace it with something that is ugly.
Individuals should think about the worst-case scenarios and plan for them. The world will be crazier than you think it will be. Put money away, and then you can live with much more freedom.
Capitalism has forced everyone to overoptimize in order to compete.
The track record of economists in predicting events is monstrously bad. It is beyond simplification; it is like medieval medicine.
Debt is a mistake between lender and borrower, and both should suffer.
In the United States, large corporations control some members of Congress. All this does is delay the corporation's funeral at our expense.
People employed in financial institutions are rarely interesting and even more rarely likable.
The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the grandparents.
I have never had personal debt and never will.
I don't go to the doctor except when I'm very ill, and when I go to India, I drink a drop of local water.
It might be useful to be able to predict war. But tension does not necessarily lead to war, but often to peace and to denouement.
Capitalism is about adventurers who get harmed by their mistakes, not people who harm others with their mistakes.
I'm a capitalist but one who is smallist and localist, and who favours businesses where owners are still in charge.
Inequalities of wealth lead to a dispersion in wealth for all.
A good maxim allows you to have the last word without even starting a conversation.
I've been telling anyone willing to listen that banks have a tendency to sit on time bombs while convincing themselves that they are conservative and nonvolatile.
Poverty is clearly one source of emotional suffering, but there are others, like loneliness.
Nobody reads the disclosures that roll down your computer screen. You click 'I agree' but you don't know what you're agreeing to.
The mortgage crisis is a clear instance of consumers who needed protection. There was predatory lending to people who didn't know what they were doing.
Governments that try to shoot for a surplus hardly ever reach it.
What we need to do is break the financial community's grip on society.
Democracies can't handle austerity measures very well.
Economics make homeopath and alternative healers look empirical and scientific.
