American,Public Servant
To balance China, the democracies will need new friends - and India with its fast-growing economy, youthful population, and democratic politics seems the obvious candidate.
Nobody ever won an election by spitting at his political opponents.
Think tanks do have points of view, and they are absolutely entitled to defend them.
So if I have two pieces of cake, do I have twice as good an experience as the first piece of cake? One of the things I've found in life is that the first piece of cake is the best.
If right and left are competing to be the biggest victim, who is competing to be the government?
Maybe it's true that people with less extreme views who are also interested in public affairs have been driven out by a marketplace that doesn't offer them anything of the tone they want to listen to.
I'm a latecomer to the environmental issue, which for years seemed to me like an excuse for more government regulation. But I can see that in rich societies, voters are paying less attention to economic issues and more to issues of the spirit, including the environment.
The great power the president has is that he is the most prominent person in the biggest media event on the planet. He has the attention of the nation and the world. When he speaks, everybody listens.
There are a lot of wonderful people in America who shouldn't be on the Supreme Court - and a lot who should be on the court who aren't such wonderful people.
Why should we not expect self-designated environmental leaders to practice what they preach?
My mother cared more about how you reasoned than about the conclusions you reached.
My mom was truly an iconic figure, a great journalist and a pioneering woman who died at 54 of cancer without ever having revealed to viewers that she was ill.
I am really and truly frightened by the collapse of support for the Republican Party by the young and the educated.
Republicans originally thought that Fox worked for us and now we're discovering we work for Fox.
The thing that sustains a strong Fox network is the thing that undermines a strong Republican party.
A presidential speech is always the work of many hands.
Speech writers are more vulnerable to vanity than any other group of people in Washington.
Events don't happen because I write a speech. I am allowed to write a speech because events are going to happen.
Whenever you discuss politics, it is always better to use individual names rather then the term neocon.
I always believed as a speechwriter that if you could persuade the president to commit himself to certain words, he would feel himself committed to the ideas that underlay those words.
The big winners under the American fiscal system are the rich, who pay some of the lowest taxes anywhere in the world; the old, who are the main beneficiaries of the American social service state; farmers, rural people. These are Republican constituencies.
The elite isn't leading anymore. It's trapped.
Partly because of the desperate economic situation in the country, what were once the leading institutions of conservatism are constrained.
People need to understand that in Washington, the process is the punishment.
As thrilling as it was, speechwriting is ultimately frustrating for someone who wants to be a writer.
In journalism I can only tell what happened. In fiction, I can show it.
