Romanian,Politician
If history judges society for how it treats those in need, so markets judge economies by the incentives they provide for private investment, the infrastructure that supports growth, and the burdens placed on job creation.
In the end, I think the majority of Romanian society will understand that if we respect environmental protection standards, if we have benefits in taxes, royalties, jobs, we should do what all the modern countries in Europe and beyond are doing to take advantage of their natural resources.
Uncertainty is normal in the first few days of a new government.
Ever since I took to the streets when I was 17 to protest at great personal risk against the communist dictatorship, I have been a passionate democrat.
I am a committed European; a united Europe is Romania's future.
My government has promised to comprehensively respect the independence of the judiciary.
You should see all the negative things that the Romanian press writes about me.
The image of Russian troops pouring into Ukraine and encircling military units in Crimea has been a wake-up call that will reverberate for a generation.
NATO remains the cornerstone of Atlantic security.
Only together do Europe and the U.S. stand a chance of keeping liberal democracy as the central doctrine for organizing world affairs.
Using cold facts and figures, leaders throughout the West must become more transparent with their citizens in explaining their decisions and their choices in global markets.
We can only restore faith in government if the state itself becomes an efficient, effective and transparent ally of the people. Bureaucratic inefficiencies, abuses of power and the misappropriation of public funds must end.
In Romania, we have pledged to create a modern public service: well-educated, appropriately rewarded and above all, de-politicized.
All sensible politicians favor growth, just as we all favor sound public finances. Both can be achieved if we rationalize spending, invest available resources wisely, and clamp down on tax evasion.
Research suggests that large divisions of income and wealth weaken demand and generate economic imbalances that create instability and undermine growth.
There is no breach of European rules committed by companies from Romania or on Romanian territory.
With the backdrop of its geostrategic location and historical ties with the Middle East, Turkey has an essential role to play for the stability, peace and social development of the region.
Turkey is a model of economic and social development, especially in terms of human resources and regional cooperation.
Romania strongly supports Turkey's E.U. accession.
I would like to thank my colleagues for voting a Social Democrat prime minister and to assure them I will vote a liberal president, as well.
Poland is much more advanced than Romania in structural reforms.
The best thing anyone can do in life is to give opportunities to a child.
All children should have equal opportunities.
I hope Greece is going to remain in the Euro zone.
China needs a powerful Europe, but Europe can only be strong if each and every one of its members attains rapid economic development.
I'm young enough not to be a rival to Mr. Basescu.
