American,Actor
I've been working for many years and I think I've managed to work with some of the best people in the business, which has been rewarding and an apprenticeship.
I think every actor wants to be an FBI or cop at one point.
I'm sort of fascinated by the whole espionage crime thing.
You never really know as an actor; it's completely out of your control, in terms of editing, and music, and film stock, shot selection, and what takes they use.
Directors, producers can make you look good or make you look bad.
Some movies get rushed out right after you make them and I'm not always happy with that.
A film has its own life and takes its own time.
The F.B.I. is about nuts and bolts. It's all about witnesses and procedure and walking the streets.
But I will say this: In my humble opinion, knowing nothing about it, I do believe that they have remote viewers working on where Osama Bin Laden is. I absolutely, 100%, convinced of that.
I don't do comedy so much although I would like to do a comedy.
I'd like to do a romantic comedy.
Yeah, I'd like to get the girl and at least make it through the film.
I'd like to do more family dramas.
I'm an actor and it happened to go my way that day.
I often feel that my days in New York City, that I was here for five years, didn't get one job, went on a thousands of auditions and literally did not get a job on a soap, not a movie, not TV, not nothing, although I did do some commercials thank God.
It makes me feel good that I can now sit there and go, I've worked with Jack Nicholson, Al Pacino, all the great actors that I've worked with... Sir Ben Kingsley.
I think that maybe that's my weakness, in that I don't know how to do it, so I just do what I do and try to do it as passionately and as well as I can.
When it gets down to it you just have to act.
There are different reasons to make movies.
If it helps me in the way that if this movie is successful, I get to make more films, great, and the more films that I make and the more interest that I'm allowed to cover, the better for me and the better, hopefully, for the people who like to watch me.
I can think of films that I'm producing right now that are extremely hard-hitting, graphic films, that nobody necessarily wants to see, graphic in terms of violence, of adult content and racial and historical subject matter.
I think they are very important because westerns have a code and a symbolism.
Right now, I have to admit, that I'm more interested in giving people a little bit of hope and goodness.
I got as much information as I could, so I wouldn't look stupid, but this is a post 9/11 world and there's only so much you can do with the FBI in terms of research.
I always ask, why can't I be just like Cary Grant or something.
But I guess I like playing flawed guys 'cause it gives a place for the characters to go.
