American,Comedian
When I lived in Baltimore, I would come down fairly often to go to the Hirshhorn, and one of my good friends from high school went to Georgetown. I actually ended up going to Annapolis a lot. I had a car, and it was such a serene place to drive.
Why does 'writer' have no gender, but 'actor' has a gender? What is that?
I definitely relate so much to a lot of women in comedy, but I don't love segregating the genders. I'm just as influenced by male comedians as I am female comedians.
I feel like comedy had a boys'-club label when we were starting.
I'm so thankful for that struggling period. That time is really great where you have no idea what's going to happen.
When I was in high school, my mom worked at Bed, Bath and Beyond, so I was always there.
You know all those young people watching Comedy Central love 'Frasier.'
I just got really into this one girl on Instagram and had her paint little pineapples on my nails during shooting.
When we make the show, we are always talking about how the show is really in between what we make and what the viewer thinks of it.
I love comedy, but I was just obsessed with 'SNL' growing up.
If people watch 'Broad City' very closely, we just drop lines about people we love, just to say we like them.
I've been watching 'The Cosby Show' and 'Roseanne' a lot right now, and those work so well because they're not, like, jokey comedies; they are coming from real characters. We want our show to be like that. A family show.
Someone like Amy Poehler, I don't know, but I feel like I know her. I think everyone feels like they know her.
We couldn't pitch the show without having created one, at least one 20 to 25 minute version of 'Broad City.' We wouldn't know how to describe it.
We love to start from a real place, whether it's us or our friends or working on a story from a writer's friend.
I had a weirdly awesome high-school experience.
I'm from outside Philadelphia, a town called Wayne, which is, like, 25 minutes northwest.
I'm not super, super religious. If this is okay to say, I'm more culturally Jewish.
I started getting really interested in comedy when I was in middle school.
I ended up going to college for visual arts but moved up to New York after I graduated from college in 2006 and started going gung ho to the Upright Citizens Brigade, and I realized that that was what I was really interested in and what I really wanted to do.
We just sort of thought a Web series would be a cool thing to be able to send to our parents to show them that we were, in fact, actually doing comedy.
