American,Musician
One of the greatest gifts I've ever gotten is my daughter.
My life has been a roller coaster ride, but somehow I've always been able to land on my feet and still play the guitar.
That's what Kiss is all about - not just music, but entertainment, y'know? We're there to take you away from your problems, and rock and roll all night and party every day for those two hours you're at the concert.
Whenever I start to really think about what I'm playing, I may play it better musically, but the feeling isn't there.
Finding a good band is Iike finding a good wife. You got to keep trying till you find the right one.
When you take a shower in space, you have to press the water onto your body to clean yourself, and then you gotta vacuum it off.
Every time Paul and Gene use my makeup, they have to pay me a royalty check. I think they changed the makeup so they didn't have to pay me.
Once you come and see Kiss, you either love us or you hate us.
I went to my friend's house one day, and he had an electric guitar he had just bought with a tiny little amp. I turned the volume up to 10 and I hit one chord, and I said, I'm in love.
One thing I love to do is produce. I've produced a couple of bands. I mean, nothing ever really happened with 'em, but I enjoy getting a young band into the studio and guiding them, and making them feel at ease.
As long as I know what key the solo is in, I try to kind of empty my mind and not think about anything. I just play without thinking.
I think the fans really wanna hear the songs the way they sound on the record.
People, y'know, they either love us or they hate us; there's no middle ground.
A lot of times, I played bass on songs. Gene plays guitar on some songs.
I had a feeling it was gonna work out because not only did I enjoy the music and hit it off with the guys, but I was into theatrical rock and was willing to wear makeup and do anything to make it.
We're bigger now than we were in the late 70s when we were peaking.
I'll get up there and I'll do my guitar solos in one of those space outfits.
I believe that the only way that the human race is gonna survive is to start colonizing space and setting up colonies on the moon, and then space stations.
I don't see this planet being... they're talking about how they're turning around the environmental problems here, but I think it's already too late.
The bottom line is the Kiss Army is growing by leaps and bounds.
I asked my daughter when she was 16, What's the buzz on the street with the kids? She's going, to be honest, Dad, most of my friends aren't into Kiss. But they've all been told that it's the greatest show on Earth.
I think most of the people, once you see a Kiss show, you kinda get spoiled because I don't think there's anybody out there that's doing a bigger or a better show than us.
I've recorded 25 or 30 albums. I know that sometimes when you work with producers who are kinda dictators, it doesn't help you make a better record.
I'm the kinda person, you gotta fight for everything you get. You gotta believe in yourself.
The guys in my band are good friends on and off the stage. The band members that I have now is probably the best band that I have ever had.
America is huge.
