American,Musician
My childhood was great, honestly. I have all these incredible memories of my childhood. I was an only child. I always had all my cousins around. I had my grandparents around. I had my parents around. I had my uncles around - whatever.
I'm an honorable human being. I know what to do and what not to do, and if I'm wrong, I always apologize. I'm a big enough man to do that.
I'm not just a normal guy. I'm a gymnast.
I'm a championship handball player. I'm a championship softball and baseball player. I used to be an extremely talented center in high school in football. I also dabbled in lacrosse and soccer. I'm really good at billiards, darts, shuffleboard.
You don't judge a book by a cover. I'm not your typical rap look.
I just do whatever I do, and put it out there without tryin' to cater to anybody. If you like it, you like it.
I get inspired in certain places. You have to write in places like Amsterdam or Paris or New Zealand, when you're standing on a yacht, looking out at the middle of the ocean.
The restaurant business is something that you have to treat like a baby. You have to constantly be there. You can't trust it to anybody else, because no one's going to love it like you do.
My mother pretty much raised me to be a free spirit. Anything my father would say, she would tell me, 'No, it's like this.'
I pick and choose my battles, but I overthink everything because I have to think about everything.
Albanians, we tan well! I don't burn; I bake.
I'm naturally a nice person. I'm not trying to have any problems with people. I'm done with the drama and trouble. I want a stress-free life.
I hope I have a long career, but I really don't think about the future like that. I live, like, for right now, honestly. I take it however it comes.
I worked on the line, I've been an executive chef, I've worked for the Mets, I've worked for various steakhouses, vegetarian restaurants, a lot of Middle Eastern stuff. I've worked my fair share of a lot of different things. I've worked at festivals and street fairs, you know? I've been through it all.
I'm still a huge Yankees fan. Growing up, Jeter was my guy, but Bernie Williams was my favorite player.
Everything is creative. It's all relative to me. No matter what, you've gotta use your imagination, use your senses.
I come from a musical family as well as a culinary family.
Billy Joel is an incredible musician. He just feels like one of the guys, you know. I grew up listening to his music.
I don't put people down. I build people up. That's how I always wanna be looked at.
The first rappers I ever got into were Wu-Tang, Mobb Deep, and Nas. Those are the guys. Those are the dudes that flipped my wig.
All I can do is put out the good stuff, and people will make the decision on whether they like it. My fans are very intelligent people. They're not stupid. They know what's good.
I'm into heavy duty, psychedelic, foreign music. That's what I like listening to.
I'm a man of different types of flavors and tastes. I like listening to things that inspire me. Older music, when instruments were being played, not just people hitting buttons. It's manlier. You're touching things to make sounds appear.
No one raps about food like I do. I rap about fine dishes - like, all kinds of things that only real chefs and real foodies are going to know about.
I live in the moment, and I reflect later.
I could never change the overall feel of my music. That's why people like me - I don't follow trends, and I don't follow crowds.
I guess I am a rapper. It's weird to be called that, or tell someone that's your profession.
I'm gonna be honest. I don't care about much. I care about people liking my music. I made it very far without nothing being on radio.
You have to take control of your own life, your own destiny, and your own careers. You can't leave everything up to someone else, 'cause then you can look at them and blame them.
I don't wanna be preached to. Unless it's in a beautiful voice, I don't want that.
I got a lot of influence from my father, honestly. He'd take me in his car. I'd hear Carlos Santana. I'd hear Queen. I'd hear all these Turkish people, like, bands that he grew up listening to. He was in a band as well.
I still wake up every day and take my kids to school. It's supposed to be this way.
When you start putting too much thought into it, the music starts getting too revealing. You don't need to know all my inner thoughts.
I grew up in the '90s. My goal isn't to be a '90s rapper, but I have little hints of '90s influence in my music. It's a modern approach to classic rap.
My main influence is Kool G Rap and Cam'ron, pretty much. If you were to mix those two people up, I wish that would be me... This is my voice. I sound like nobody; I sound like me.
I get angry real quick, but I also cool down just as fast. Albanians don't want to deal with anything in the moment.
As far as rap, I was more of a Mobb Deep guy rather than a Tribe guy.
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet.
You have to be talented. You have to work hard; you have to get the right pieces flowin' for you at the right time. And that's just what happened to me. I can't explain what happened.
'Molto Mario' was the show that sparked my entire interest in cooking.
I grew up in such a melting pot. There's more ethnicities in Queens than there is in any place on the planet. So you grow up knowing things about other cultures.
