American,Businesswoman
Luxury is anything that feels special. I mean, it can be a moment, it can be a walk on the beach, it could be a kiss from your child, or it could be a beautiful picture frame, a special fragrance. I think luxury doesn't necessarily have to mean expensive.
Rose is the most beautiful flower - it and tuberose are my favourites.
I usually keep my personal style simple and streamlined. I like classic colors like black, white, and beige. White and black is my favorite color combination, and I like to finish up my look with an accent of gold jewelry.
Just because something is on trend doesn't mean you have to embrace it. You can look at it and admire it, but that doesn't mean you have to wear black nail polish or red lipstick.
You could say that I am the Estee Lauder woman. I'm a working mother; time is valuable to me. I want a good product; I want quality.
My inspiration for new products comes from moments in my life or what's happening around me.
Do I believe in plastic surgery? Yes, if something is wrong and you can modify it. For certain people, it's right.
I've always loved flowers, as a little girl I'd collect flower objects and little flower books. Now I love flowers on my night table and on my desk.
Looking feminine is important to me. My personal style is fairly traditional. I was definitely influenced by my mother, who always looks elegant, and by Estee's classic style; she was always in Givenchy or Ungaro.
I've always liked simple. Growing up, I wore corduroys and Lacoste shirts, Maraolo flats, and maybe one gold bracelet.
I love going to museums, especially the Met, because there's always room for discovery, or the Neue Galerie. It's a great jewel box.
A travel-size dry shampoo is the answer to many problems.
I love laugh lines. It means you've had a good life. The most beautiful women - Audrey Hepburn, Lauren Hutton, Ali MacGraw - all embraced the aging process.
My mom has always been kind of my backbone. She keeps me strong. She is a mother, a friend. She is really everything to me.
I used to love a well-arranged room: the furniture, the fabric, the lighting.
It's my personality to be more quiet and reserved. I'm not going out every night to multiple things. I prefer to stay in and be with my children and do Spanish homework to make sure they get a good grade the next day.
I love both real and fake jewelry. My kids make me necklaces, and I wear those, too. Every day, I wear my gold wedding band and the Cartier watch my husband gave me.
I used to be a shopper before I had children. I'd go to Bergdorf and Barneys all the time. But now my weekends are spent differently. I go to the skating rink or the park, not the stores.
I don't use a stylist. I know what I like, so I do it myself. I rip things out from fashion magazines. It's easy to order when the phone number is right on the page.
I think talented people are priceless. And I think people that are knowledgeable and experienced - and I think there's a balance of new talent and experience, which makes, I think, Estee Lauder really special.
My actual first summer internship was in the design department of Clinique.
I've always been inspired by beautiful interiors.
AERIN is saturated with the qualities that have surrounded me my entire life, many of which came from my grandmother, Estee: passion, style, hard work, family, and, of course, all things beautiful.
I love Pilates, I really do, and I do it three times a week because it works well for me.
I wash my skin with Re-Nutrive Intensive Hydrating Skin Cleanser, no toner, and follow with the range's Re-Nutrive Intensive Age-Renewal and Eye Creme.
My mother taught me that it is important to be prepared for a last-minute polish.
When we moved to Europe when I was a teenager, I really did not want to go. I was happy in my school, with my friends, but looking back on it, it was the best experience I've ever had. We traveled every weekend. I experienced incredible new cultures, museums, cities, and it really opened up my eyes.
I'm very detail-oriented, which is good and bad. Because I will wake up in the middle of the night thinking about something or seeing a mistake, thinking about it, and I immediately send an email - I'm very focused on details.
I think it is very important to learn to say 'No.' I think it is sometimes important for brands or the creative director to learn to say, 'This might be on trend, but it is not right for us.'
Even though beauty is very much my heritage, my real passion is accessories and home.
People always associated me with 'Vogue,' 'Vogue Living,' or 'Elle Decor.'
I came from a very corporate environment, but my own style is quite approachable, warm, and very detail oriented.
It's important to always mix the past with the present. I think that makes it feel more authentic and real.
I'm the only person who's uninspired by the Starbucks mocha peppermint whatever-it-is.
If you're on a night flight or are incredibly tired from jet lag, somehow a tiny bit of bronzer and self-tanner on your face, legs, and arms just makes you feel rejuvenated and refreshed.
We have a house near East Hampton, and of all the beaches I've been to, I think there is something so beautiful about Long Island beaches. I love them in the fall and winter.
I never wear too much jewelry. I never wear a ton of pattern. Sometimes I'll go big, but it never feels right.
The biggest beauty myth is that everyone looks better without makeup. That's not true. Makeup is important.
My day typically starts with an early-morning walk through Central Park. It's a nice moment of calm before my routine starts.
I have always loved beauty and fashion. Some of my earliest memories are of being surrounded by fragrances and lipstick samples.
I have a lot of staples in my wardrobe. I love to pair a silk or lace blouse with a fitted black pant. This combination feels effortless yet put together.
Estee Lauder was my grandmother. She was an iconic and powerful woman, but to us, she was just Estee. She was the first person to teach me how important it is to be passionate and proud of what you do, and always talked about 'balance.'
I have a dual role as founder of AERIN and Image and Style Director of Estee Lauder. So work is a bit of a juggling act.
I leave work by 6:30 P.M. so I can spend some time with the children. Inevitably, we'll end up watching basketball or football. I live in a house of boys, and they're all sports mad, so I don't stand a chance.
