American,Actress
I've been reading scripts where they've been doing a lot of singing now, but within the dark, realistic story line. I would love, love, love, love to do that. But not a musical on Broadway, I don't have that kind of energy or stamina.
Kids can be harsh, especially when they get jealous.
I don't want to put down my work - I'm very proud of the work I've done.
I was born and grew up in Palm Springs. It's a great place to grow up, a real small town.
If your friend's feeling bad, it's hard to know what to do. Do you back away or try to help them? It's a really hard situation that I've been in. You want to support your friend. You want to be there. My advice is, don't get too involved with it, just be by their side. If they need your help, they'll ask for it.
If you want to do something, then you do it. If you don't want to do something, don't just do it because your friends are doing it, or because all the popular kids are doing it.
I go into work and get my hair and makeup done, go into wardrobe. I have to do three hours of school a day.
In my opinion FOX is known for being a network that just advertises, and that's pretty much how they get their viewers.
The words are ludicrous at times, but you add the reality to it and that gives it the balance it has.
We don't have a laugh track, which helped Seinfeld a lot, and did kind of tell people when to laugh. It just made it a lot easier. Our show doesn't have that, so it's hard for Middle America to catch on.
We're not going to dumb down for them. They have to move up. They're the network and we're the show.
When I get a new script my mom will read them and just be aghast. I think it's hysterical.
Right when I turned 18, I moved to New York, originally for school, and then dropped out and just lived in New York.
I was a late bloomer.
Mitch Hurwitz was like a father figure to me. He was so sweet, and he's just so smart.
I don't think it's good to say that you won't do certain things, but I don't necessarily have the natural urge to write.
But I love singing, and I've been singing backup for friends' bands.
I would do a movie musical.
I think with the whole new Internet media, I'm not necessarily Internet savvy, but I just feel that the way that art in general will be presented to the public is going to be different.
I guess I've always been drawn to roles that have smart characters commenting on what's happening around them.
As an actress, you never know when you're going to work again - and there's so much dependency on working.
When you focus on life, on enjoying and connecting with other people, that's when work comes. When you focus on work, you can never work. I'm always going through waves of that.
With independent film, as an actor, you have more involvement - it's very much more connected. It's not just like I'm showing up and there's another actor on the call sheet; you're very attached to it.
The main thing I got from growing up in a suburb is the boredom you have as a child.
I think for a girl to be strong, it doesn't have to involve being physically strong.
On American TV, there just aren't a lot of female leads in comedy, especially at the peak of all the Judd Apatow stuff.
When I'm working, I'm pretty busy with that, but when I'm not, yeah, I like to make music. I sing in jazz bars and stuff, and then I mainly paint every day. It's kind of like a different side of my mind I like to use, and it keeps the other one fresh, and yeah, writing, I've been writing with some friends.
I hope to be painting more and travelling. Maybe fall in love. Have a dog one day. You know, all the good things.
