American,Cartoonist
Even drawing gray hair at all is difficult to render in black and white.
It's a hard thing to age a character because you can't really suddenly give someone gray hair.
Yeah, I read Judy Blume. My mother didn't like that, but I read it anyhow.
Autobiographical comics, I love them. I love them.
But I read comic books. I read things like Richie Rich and Little Lulu.
But mostly, it's a book about my relationship with my father.
For some reason writing and drawing are very separate processes for me.
I don't know, maybe it's because I was raised Catholic. Confession has always held a great appeal for me.
I just have this sort of entrepreneurial spirit and I work really hard at promoting myself.
I love Jules Feiffer. I didn't discover him until I was a little older.
I never really read superhero stuff as a kid.
I probably read Harriet the Spy about 70,000 times.
I started to get bored with that stuff about only drawing men and I've taken it out of the slideshow.
I'm pretty illiterate when it comes to comics history.
My mother is, my father certainly was. They were kind of the local intelligentsia in the town where I grew up.
Partly I resented being perceived as weak because I was a girl.
Sometimes I wish the writing and drawing were more integrated.
The satiric ethos of Mad was a much bigger childhood influence.
Watching everyone root through their psyche, it just delights me. Especially R. Crumb's stuff.
Well, I'm always working on my comic strip and trying to, you know, keep cranking that out.
When I was growing up in the 1960s, there was starting to be more books geared towards young adults.
And partly, the worst thing you could do in my family was need something from someone. So physical strength represented an avenue of self-sufficiency to me.
I hope that I can get people to read it without having to change it. Especially now that the strip has more different kinds of characters. It's really not all lesbians any more.
I just met someone who read Gone With the Wind 62 times for exactly that same reason. She couldn't bear that it wasn't real. She wanted to live in it.
One of them is already having some menopausal symptoms. I'm working on that. I'm giving them all little lines under the eyes, trying to sort of make them age gracefully.
When I grew up, I studied karate for years. I got pretty strong, but eventually I had to acknowledge that I really didn't like fighting at all, so I quit.
