American,Actress
I think getting drunk is the key to flying comfortably. A couple of bloody marys or several glasses of champagne, and suddenly it's like you're on a roller coaster.
My writing philosophy is throwing spaghetti against the wall. That's how I take pictures, too. If I take 100, surely one will be good.
When you're an actor, you can be hindered by your own narcissism.
The thing I noticed about Jack was when we did a reading of the script, just to warm up.
Beauty is only skin deep. If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast. You want to look beyond the surface and see if you can have fun or if you have anything in common with this person.
Whenever I was with Kevin Pollak, I had to leave the room.
Well, my mom is single and we've both been single at the same time over the last ten years, so I really related to the bond between my character and Diane's.
He can't even be at a casual read and not be creating the whole thing in his mind. I remember feeling very awed about how much he still seems to be so in love with it, and so dedicated to making everything really real and really spontaneous.
I think when you're a bigger star you get many good scripts sent to you, and you have to choose which one you're going to gravitate toward, but I just try to gravitate toward the best-written one that's been thrown my way after a lot of girls have passed on it.
There's a very small group of elite actresses who are my age, who people want to work with. It's not easy to get a good job with good actors.
I usually try on at least 20 pairs of jeans before I find something that looks good on me. And even then, I have a trustworthy friend tell me if my butt looks big!
If I had to give up cheese or chocolate, I'd give up chocolate in a heartbeat.
I love getting dressed up and having someone do my make-up and feeling pretty.
As an actor, my main focus is finding good writing and attacking a good role.
There aren't many roles that are interesting if you're a 40-year-old woman, unless you're Julia Roberts or Cate Blanchett.
I try to be really hippie about things. I'm uptight in all the ways that are really important, but the things my husband and family can benefit from my uptightness, I'm completely lacking.
I don't clean, I don't make the bed. I spend my salary. I worry a lot. I just don't worry about socks on the floor.
If you take 'Cheers' and 'Seinfeld' and watch the early shows, they're kind of awkward. It took a while for the writers and everything to gel.
I think once I was in high school - I had boyfriends and stuff like that, but I think when I was younger, I went through a period where I looked like a boy, and people thought I was a boy.
I would do a musical, but I can't sing.
I'd love to work with Joan Cusack again - I'm obsessed with Joan Cusack.
I think children should be vaccinated because that affects the health of all the other children.
If there were some recipe that would make all of our children really sane and civic-minded and hugely intelligent, I think we'd probably all do it. But I don't know that there is a recipe for creating that.
Someone with a figure like Jennifer Aniston has a trainer, a cook spinning out some version of the latest diet, and probably a stop at the tanning salon.
I don't know if those things work, where you do, like, this crash diet or crash starvation. It's just not something I've ever been into.
When I make a change, like when I found out I had high cholesterol, I just changed my lifestyle.
