American,Actress
If it comes back, I think that Friday night is not a good night to be on.
I have tons of jewelry. I like to wear a lot of it.
I remember when I first started in the business, I lost a lot of friends. Some were jealous, some were annoyed at the fact that I was an actress.
This will be the fourth time I've seen this film. I'm very proud of it and I think it's a great movie for women of any age. And almost every single man I've talked to has admitted to crying.
And one of my other friends could not believe in God if he came down and tapped her on the shoulder. She's a biologist - a student at UCLA - and I don't judge her either, because I really believe that God is a personal opinion, and only that.
Honestly, I am not trying to discourage anyone from becoming an actress, but if you want to become one be prepared to face everything that comes - along with it.
My advice is to make acting your second career choice.
If you believe that God put you here to act, then you have to be different. Go into casting offices, with something other girls don't have.
A lot of people think I'm cynical when I talk about acting. The truth of the matter is, I just don't want someone to get some lame advice that will send them in the wrong direction.
A business like acting is 90% luck. You can be a star one minute and out of work the next.
I haven't had a lot of celebrities around me growing up.
My father comes from a generation of film that actors my age don't even know about, which is really sad.
Other people like Neil Young and Dennis Hopper, those are just really close knit family friends.
My parents cultured me a lot and they introduced me to a lot of artists, a lot of their friends.
I've been kind of submerged in my own little geographic location for a really long time in Venice Beach.
People who have seen me read usually come up afterwards and invite me to be a part of something.
A lot of young poets today, from what I've heard and experienced, can't get their heads past George W. Bush, and I've heard so many poems about this democracy and this era of politics that I'm kind of bored by it.
I don't think it's always good to read lots of poetry.
I think I had an advantage in the sense that I wasn't raised religiously.
My own personal connection with God was not in a religious sense, so I wasn't really thinking in that way when I got the role and when I started doing it.
I liked the humor of it, I've always enjoyed a sense of humor in God and in religion and in spirituality.
I tried not to make God this big deal in Joan's life. She treats God like a friend: she's nice to him some days, and other days mean, and then cries when she needs help.
I think any time you have too much education in one certain field, that can sometimes play against you.
But I didn't even see God in the show as being very spiritual, I see him or her, it, as being something that is just relevant and very important in her life.
I think that people are definitely interested in the idea that Joan has conversations with God.
People in real life cuss God out when they're angry. That's all real.
