American,Novelist
But what do we know of the heart nearest to our own? What do we know of our own heart?
Kindness is always fashionable, and always welcome.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
All changes are more or less tinged with melancholy, for what we are leaving behind is part of ourselves.
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.
Events that are predestined require but little management. They manage themselves. They slip into place while we sleep, and suddenly we are aware that the thing we fear to attempt, is already accomplished.
There is no corner too quiet, or too far away, for a woman to make sorrow in it.
With renunciation life begins.
But the lover's power is the poet's power. He can make love from all the common strings with which this world is strung.
What we buy, and pay for, is part of ourselves.
Old age is the verdict of life.
Human relations are built on feeling, not on reason or knowledge. And feeling is not an exact science; like all spiritual qualities, it has the vagueness of greatness about it.
The fate of love is that it always seems too little or too much.
The great difference between voyages rests not with the ships, but with the people you meet on them.
That is the great mistake about the affections. It is not the rise and fall of empires, the birth and death of kings, or the marching of armies that move them most. When they answer from their depths, it is to the domestic joys and tragedies of life.
This world is run with far too tight a rein for luck to interfere. Fortune sells her wares; she never gives them. In some form or other, we pay for her favors; or we go empty away.
Whatever the scientists may say, if we take the supernatural out of life, we leave only the unnatural.
It is little men know of women; their smiles and their tears alike are seldom what they seem.
The inevitable has always found me ready and hopeful.
When men make themselves into brutes it is just to treat them like brutes.
