American,Politician
I work hard, and I'm thankful people recognize that.
Time is money in the shipping business.
It is clear that United States immigration policy is badly in need of reform.
The exploration for oil and gas off our shores can play a role in making energy more affordable and accessible... However, effective safety measures must be in place, and exploration must be done in an environmentally sensitive manner that in no way interferes with our military.
Claude Kirk was probably the most charismatic person I ever met.
Once our carrier fleet went all nuclear in 2005, we went from having two aircraft carrier homeports on the East Coast to one.
Energy cogeneration on Capitol Hill makes economic and environmental sense and should be pursued for those reasons.
Naval Station Mayport and Naval Air Station Jacksonville are the East Coast home for the MH-60Rs, and the nation's P-8A fleet and Triton operations facility are based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville.
If we do not act quickly, Jaxport will fall behind competitors on the East Coast - and the economic engine that has driven this community for the past decade will be put in danger.
The IRS should and must focus on the most important and most egregious and the most in need.
I never thought that one day that this NAS Jax would be the center of aviation excellence in the Southeast and from pole to pole.
When you put all your eggs in one basket, you've got a problem.
We simply can't spend our way out of a recession.
The Jones Act is an important tool to maintain Northeast Florida's domestic ship repair industry, which is so vital to our Navy and national security.
I have had no concerns in the past and have none moving forward regarding the Navy's ability to effectively address any potential natural or man-made threat to Naval Station Mayport and any military asset located there, including any future nuclear aircraft carrier.
Each year, we learn that customer service diminishes. You may argue it's because the IRS budget has been cut, but I'm going to argue that it's because the IRS chooses to spend its funds in other areas like the Affordable Care Act, bonuses, and conferences.
A great deal of the work I do involves the military.
The bottom line, addressing defense spending cuts with a meat ax like sequestration will damage defense readiness for decades to come.
There's no federal government agency that ought to be immune from having to explain the potential financial impact of an action they've taken or intend to take. We deserve the specifics.
Claude Kirk could be hysterically funny and fearlessly bold, and he championed the environment, education, and diversity long before those issues were fashionable.
Ensuring ports are dredged is essential to securing America's place in global trade.
Larger Post Panamax ships are critical to securing America's position in a global market, and all our ports, including Jaxport, must be deep enough to handle them.
On the First Coast, there's a team of individuals working extremely hard for the future of JAXPORT. On the road ahead, I look forward to working with them to see that the Port is afforded every opportunity to grow and expand. The challenge is large, but we are all up for it.
I think anybody who looks at my record will say I've been trying to cut government spending and make government live more like families do.
You've got to look at the promises I kept. It's not just talking about doing things: it's doing them.
I think leadership is something you earn, more through actions than words.
