American,Athlete
To me, breakfast is my most important meal. It's often the meal you play a game on. I make sure I have oatmeal, milk, and fruit. It's the fuel you use to hopefully do your best, so eating right is a big part of being a professional athlete. I wish I paid more attention to it earlier in my life.
I do know it's great to have a support from a fan base of a team. Football is such a team game, such a team aspect to it... Good things happen, the praise is spread around; and bad things happen, usually it's not just one person's fault.
I'm not afraid to say I'm competitive.
I just grow a terrible mustache, so I try to use my neckbeard as a substitute. And when I get lazy, I don't shave that often.
I think in any situation, so much of effective leadership is when it comes from your own personality. And I feel very fortunate to be comfortable in the Colts locker room, where people can be who they are, and they don't have to change it when they show up to work that day.
It's usually my mom who gets on me about my facial hair. I can't grow a good mustache, so I guess it's just a neck beard. I just have trouble growing up there.
I like being able to walk or ride my bike to restaurants and do different things.
Biggest lesson I learned my first year in the NFL is no one gives a crap about what you did last week. This league is about what have you done for me now. That's the NFL. It's also our culture. So you keep working hard because that's the biggest truth about football.
My favorite memories were with my dad, throwing a football around when he came home from work. As long as kids are having fun, that's the biggest deal at the end of the day.
My goal is to be the best quarterback I can be for the Colts, and hope that it's good enough.
He's been so successful, arguably the best quarterback ever to play the game. If you were trying to follow his footsteps, it would be incredibly difficult. I'd go crazy if I woke up every day and tried to compare myself to Peyton Manning.
It's hard not to follow other careers of NFL quarterbacks in the 24/7 news-at-your-fingertips society we live in.
I do like routines. Waking up the same time, go to bed the same time.
I think it's nice sometimes not to be plugged in 24/7 to email and the Internet and everything else. It's nice to get away.
I remember playing a high school basketball game where I didn't eat anything for breakfast. I ate, you know, like a PB and J and some chips for lunch and nothing before the game. I didn't make it through the first quarter. I wish I hadn't have learned that way, but it did leave a lasting impression.
Food really is fuel - and hydration as well - but for athletic activity, you really got to take it seriously, or else it can negatively impact your performance.
The sweetest thing we ever had was, like, animal crackers in the pantry. I think my parents sort of passively made sure that we didn't have a lot of junk food at our disposal, and I think that helped me and all my siblings growing up with how to approach nutrition and eating right.
I try to eat fruit and veggies and meat and all the different categories and have a well rounded diet.
I was lucky enough at Stanford to have Vic Fangio as the defensive coordinator for a year, and then Jason Tarver.
I realize that as the quarterback, you have to assume some sort of leadership role because you have to talk in the huddle on every play, and you're essentially giving out orders to the team. But in my mind, I have to prove myself on the field before I can start asserting a leadership role.
I'm teaming up with Quaker and PLAY 60 to encourage kids to eat right, stay active and do something outside for at least 60 minutes a day.
I grew up in Europe, and soccer was the first organized game I played. When we moved back to the U.S. in the middle of 4th grade, I switched to American football and stopped playing competitively until college, when I played intramurals.
Houston is my team, always and forever. But with the new TV packages, it's so easy to watch every league in the world, and my overseas fandom is driven by the American guys. If Sunderland's on TV, I'll watch Jozy Altidore. I try to watch Geoff Cameron at Stoke. When Clint Dempsey was at Tottenham, I watched a lot of his games.
Watching soccer is my main hobby, really. I'm no tactician or coach, but I enjoy watching the free flow of it, the different styles, and the histories behind clubs. Like Barcelona vs. Madrid - it's not just a soccer game; it's a geopolitical struggle. There are great storylines and no commercials.
After doing some research with my agent, we found out Klipsch was an official Colts partner, and they were based in Indianapolis, which only added to my esteem for the company. I also have a passion for design and technology that developed while I was at Stanford and appreciate the quality of Klipsch's speakers and headphones.
My number one focus is and will always be football. I wanted to make sure that companies I partner with not only respect that, but also make sense and are quality products. I think Klipsch is synonymous with quality in the sound industry, so it was a natural partnership.
Make working out the centre band of core and hips a priority during any training session. As a sportsman, it's the key to any movement and the source of most of your power.
I have an irrational fear that something bad is going to happen to me when I'm drinking out of a water fountain. I have no idea why.
I think there's a lot to be learned from your teammates and older guys around you. And there are many ways to lead. You don't have to change your personality to be a leader.
I was always impressed by how much my dad went out in the yard and played with me and my siblings when we were kids. I'm sure he was tired coming back from work, since he traveled a lot. But he always took time out of his day to go out in the yard.
I don't like candy bars. I eat the big rectangular bars. You know - anything between 85 and 50 percent cocoa.
I think chocolate in moderation is not bad for you, but I eat way too much. I tell myself I'm going to eat two squares, and then I end up eating half a big bar.
I figure it's a European thing to eat cheese and crackers before a meal - that's my afternoon snack, or I do it before dinner.
Breakfast is so important, so I'll make an omelet with cheese and deli meats, and then I'll eat muesli and yogurt mixed with fruit or oatmeal with fruit - and then a side of baked beans.
