American,Politician
I believe global warming and climate change are real threats to our planet.
I believe discrimination still exists in society and we must fight it in every form.
You don't build walls; you build bridges between people.
Some people don't support economic development. There are people in the Assembly who say there is no economic development possible; leave it to the private sector.
I believe public education is the new civil rights battle and I support charter schools.
I believe we need to attract a new generation of the best and brightest to public service and I believe that government can be a source of inspiration, not degradation.
Too often government responds to the whispers of lobbyists before the cries of the people.
Fear is a powerful weapon. It can excite and motivate, and it can get people to yell and to scream. But fear has never created a job.
If you go from $7 to $15 in a very short period of time, potentially that could have a negative effect on some economies because that is a very big jump. And you're saying to businesses that employ a large number of minimum wage workers, your payroll is basically going to double. That could have a negative impact. It would have to be studied.
I believe women still face a glass ceiling that must be shattered.
New York State is upside down and backwards; high taxes and low performance. The New York State government was at one time a national model. Now, unfortunately, it's a national disgrace. Sometimes, the corruption in Albany could even make Boss Tweed blush.
There's no such thing as a 100-year flood.
I never thought I would be divorced.
Very few people go into politics to be reviled.
Once you start saying, 'Let's talk political, my own politics, my own aspirations,' it can become not just distracting in that it takes time, but it can become confusing and frustrating, and is this now a political agenda or a governmental agenda.
There was never a war on poverty. Maybe there was a skirmish on poverty.
There is no dispute that Albany needs to be changed. There is no dispute that the current situation in Albany is untenable. Nobody knows that better than I do.
I know how bad Albany is. I know it better than most. I understand why people are angry. I'm angry. The question is going to be, how do you change Albany, what is the plan for change, and then how do you actually get it done?
The Declaration of Independence says when government fails, the people have the right to replace it. Well, New York State government has failed and the people have the right, indeed the people have the the people have the obligation, to act.
I respect the state workers and I respect their unions, but we simply can't afford to pay benefits and pensions that are out of line with economic reality.
The essential job of government is to facilitate, not frustrate, job development.
I am fiscally prudent and socially progressive. I believe in protecting a woman's right to choose. I believe in marriage equality.
I believe Wall Street needs serious ongoing regulation.
I am against the death penalty.
I'm in politics. I'm in government, so nothing surprises me.
I've been not only articulating the dissatisfaction with Albany, I've been acting on it. I've been very aggressive in bringing public integrity cases and public corruption cases and bringing cases against sitting legislators.
The need to understand prescription information can literally be a matter of life and death.
Climate change is a controversial subject, right? People will debate whether there is climate change... that's a whole political debate that I don't want to get into. I want to talk about the frequency of extreme weather situations, which is not political.
Anyone who says there is not a change in weather patterns is denying reality.
I haven't lost my head yet.
I'm a Queens boy at the end of the day.
I worked in the Clinton administration.
What made Manhattan Manhattan was the underground infrastructure, that engineering marvel.
Flooding damage is not customary for New York, especially downstate.
A governor can be a very good friend to people. A governor can be a formidable force.
I'm very big on focus.
I think there's a lot to learn from Rockefeller on how to pass legislation.
There is energy and power in a crisis.
I don't think anyone would argue with the notion that there have been serious abuses on Wall Street.
People are rightfully upset about Wall Street abuses and excess.
I don't think bonuses are always bad.
To be clear... no one is above the law.
I am the government.
I don't know people who don't say, boy the government is working better now.
I'm running for governor; I'm not running for a legislative office.
Lesson 1 from Spitzer: Don't alienate the legislature on Day 1.
Lesson from Pataki's success is: Use the political moment.
I'm not going to allow myself to be pushed politically.
If I weren't doing the politics, I wouldn't be doing my job.
I'm going to change everything you believe about HUD.
People who assume I want to run for elected office may be dealing from a bad assumption.
When you try to communicate too many ideas, sometimes you wind up communicating nothing.
I want to be the candidate placed on the ballot by the people, not the party.
If I get sued for keeping people safe and getting people in from the cold because they were endangering themselves, then so be it.
During Hurricane Sandy, we expended billions and billions of dollars, literally. In the handling of the emergency and the construction and the aftermath, trying to get people to come back to the affected communities. So I'm very proud of what the state did.
I believe in $15 as a minimum wage.
It's a matter of opinion on many of these issues, and there's no right or wrong. That's why we have elections; that's why we have debates. Donald Trump thinks one thing. Hillary Clinton thinks another thing.
You add one million citizens to the voting rolls in this state, that's a significant, significant difference. You do that nationwide, it's a significant difference.
'Give me your poor.' It didn't say, 'Give me your poor who can afford a $680 citizenship.' If I had my way, it would be free. If I had my way, the state would subsidize every eligible application, period.
I believe it is actually fomenting the growth of ISIL; Donald Trump could be a recruitment poster for ISIL because he is fanning the flames of hate.
ISIL is saying to a disenfranchised population, 'Come join us. Fight the good fight.' I think we're actually playing into it when they hear Trump's rhetoric. And I think it's dangerous and hurtful as a matter of national policy.
Former President Shimon Peres was a leader and a statesman, and an especially wonderful friend to all of us. He will be missed dearly.
Fear has never educated a child. Fear has never built a home.
Fear has never built a community. And fear will never build a nation.
I think Hillary Clinton is going to do very well in New York, because there's one basic advantage. New Yorkers know Hillary Clinton. She was here for senator. We've seen her work. We've seen her performance.
When you become president, they don't give you a magic wand that you wave. You have to get legislation passed. You have to get agencies to run programs.
Some states are doing better than others. Some states naturally have stronger economies. So it's not as simple as saying, 'Let's go to $15.' If you do it wrong, you can hurt the very people you're trying to help.
We don't hand anyone anything in the Democratic Party.
We have a system of jurisprudence. You are innocent until proven guilty. You have a right to counsel. And you have a right to hospitalization if you are ill. That is our system. And it's what makes this country special and what makes this country great.
