American,Comedian
That is a strange phenomenon, people pretending to be other people.
You are graduating from college. That means that this is the first day of the last day of your life. No, that's wrong. This is the last day of the first day of school. Nope, that's worse. This is a day.
I'm a tearless clown. If I were to get a tattoo, it would be the two masks, and they would be both smiling.
If had a penny for every strange look I've gotten from strangers on the street I'd have about 10 to 15 dollars, which is a lot when you're dealing with pennies.
I used to stay up at night and sneak into the TV room, past my parents, who were asleep, to watch Saturday Night's 'Main Event.' That's how I started watching SNL. On accident.
It's weird to have people so interested in your personal life. It's a part of the business that grosses me out. I'm always bummed out for people who just happen to be dating a celebrity, and they're also famous, and they can't live their life.
A sign now of success with a certain audience when you do a short comedy piece, anywhere, is that it gets on YouTube and gets around. It's always something you're thinking about unconsciously.
I've always felt that if something is polarizing, that's usually the stuff I like the most. If something is taking a chance and is willing to be weird, that's my favorite thing. I know there's somebody out there who hates it.
I didn't realize how much people liked to bash SNL until I was on. I've always just liked it, and I've always watched it and been into it.
No matter how much it's growing, the Internet still is a pretty specific demographic. It doesn't necessarily represent the general populace.
Class Day is a terrible name for a day when you don't have to go to any class.
Well, basically, when you get SNL, everyone wants to take a meeting, just in case you end up being good.
Obviously, SNL has a lot of viewers, but the potential for a movie is through the roof.
If I watch an episode of SNL, and there's one thing that I liked, then that's a good episode.
I'm a big Letterman fan.
