American,Musician
I would never disrespect any man, woman, chick or child out there. We're all the same. What goes around comes around, and karma kicks us all in the butt in the end of the day.
Allowing myself to love God completely has obviously shed light on my self-love because he loves me more than I could ever love myself.
Music always hits me when I'm driving so I keep a recorder in my bag.
I have a massage when I want to relax. I love being pampered. I love island massages when you're outside in the fresh air.
Coming through the fire and through the storm of life with a strong man, my fiance Ashanti, whom I've been dating for eight months and two wonderful children beside me, I'm just so happy that I have been able to maintain my integrity and get to where I am today with the right energy around me.
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.
If you're beautiful within, a person can fall in love with your spirit.
I give and give, even when I get nothing back - and that sets me up for disappointment.
My mom was a diabetic. Her sister was a diabetic, so I was already a candidate.
When I was younger I was taught that a winner never quits, and a quitter never wins.
I haven't always been the person I am today. I came into loving myself more than anything or anyone else.
I swear by that old expression, 'One monkey don't stop no show!' The reality is, we still have some good men out there, and we should hail those men as the kings they are.
I don't want any man I can run over. What I love about a man in control is it allows them to be the kings that I always expect them to be.
As an artist, program directors always want to put you in a little box.
Depending on which day, and how I am feeling on that day, I have a different favorite song on the album. One day it might be 'Karma', and other days it is 'Stay For A While'
I have a new television show in the works, and that is all I can say right now.
I'm the type of woman you might say is too good. I'll massage a man's feet, have dinner cooked when he gets home. But once they leave, the door is closed, and the locks are changed.
The college stations have a big voice, and I would like to become more involved with them. I would like to have symposiums with the members of various college radio stations.
They always come back when they learn that not every woman's gonna treat them this good.
Why do we need to wait until somebody sells 10 million records to give people a show like that? What about us smaller, hungry folk? At least gimme a curtain!
I get a special joy in knowing people feel comfortable if they see me in Wal-Mart or in a no-frills section trying to get something on a discount.
I was always on the go, and thought I was too busy to develop something like this. I thought at the time that diabetes went along with bad habits, but I was the last one in my family to eat junk food.
I think my spirit is far greater than it's ever been.
I feel like something magical is going to happen, and I feel like all the stars have finally lined up perfectly for Angie Stone.
I forget to take care of Angie being so busy taking care of everyone else.
It is definitely somewhat a crutch of feeling that you have to please others in order to be accepted.
