American,Novelist
Time, in general, has always been a central obsession of mine - what it does to people, how it can constitute a plot all on its own. So naturally, I am interested in old age.
I would advise any beginning writer to write the first drafts as if no one else will ever read them - without a thought about publication - and only in the last draft to consider how the work will look from the outside.
I'll write maybe one long paragraph describing the events, then a page or two breaking the events into chapters, and then reams of pages delving into my characters. After that, I'm ready to begin.
For my own family, I would always choose the makeshift, surrogate family formed by various characters unrelated by blood.
Ever consider what pets must think of us? I mean, here we come back from a grocery store with the most amazing haul - chicken, pork, half a cow. They must think we're the greatest hunters on earth!
I was standing in the schoolyard waiting for a child when another mother came up to me. Have you found work yet? she asked. Or are you still just writing?
While armchair travelers dream of going places, traveling armchairs dream of staying put.
I remember leaving the hospital - thinking, 'Wait, are they going to let me just walk off with him? I don't know beans about babies! I don't have a license to do this.' We're just amateurs.
When I'm working on something, I proceed as if no one else will ever read it.
When I read, I'm purely a reader.
The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning.
The hardest novel to write was Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant.
The Amateur Marriage grew out of the reflection that of all the opportunities to show differences in character, surely an unhappy marriage must be the richest.
She worded it a bit strongly, but I do find myself more and more struck by the differences between the sexes. To put it another way: All marriages are mixed marriages.
Not until the final draft do I force myself to remember that I'm going to have to think about how it will affect other people.
My writing day has grown shorter as I've aged, although it seems to produce the same number of pages.
My stories are never quite good enough.
My decision to start a new one is just that, a decision, since I never get inspirations.
It's true that it's a solitary occupation, but you would be surprised at how much companionship a group of imaginary characters can offer once you get to know them.
It seems to me that good novels celebrate the mystery in ordinary life, and summing it all up in psychological terms strips the mystery away.
In real life I avoid all parties altogether, but on paper I can mingle with the best of them.
If I waited till I felt like writing, I'd never write at all.
I've always enjoyed studying the small clues that indicate a particular class level.
I'm too shy for personal appearances, and I've found out that anytime I talk about my writing, I can't do any writing for many weeks afterward.
I think it must be very hard to be one of the new young writers who are urged to put themselves forward when it may be the last thing on earth they'd be good at.
I spend about a year between novels.
