American,Actor
Set your heights more than what you see around you, see beyond.
Be ready for when your time comes, you will have that window of opportunity, so seize the moment and capitalise on it.
Romeo Must Die was the first film that I did where I was able to just be free as an actor.
Things are changing. I've been training since I was 9 years old to stretch my wings as an actor dramatically, but have never really been afforded the opportunity to show that.
Leo couldn't deliver Mr. Martin Scorsese his Oscar with 'The Aviator', but I will go on record to say I will do so in 'The Departed'.
More oftentimes than not, you're automatically guilty before innocent.
Everyone realized I was the innocent victim of a shakedown.
My wife and I have always trusted each other, and I have to thank her strength.
Comedy is second nature for me.
I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.
I provide a little comic relief.
It's sort of an action flick. You can't be that funny trying to steal diamonds.
Tom Arnold and I, we have a huge firefight scene on top of a German tank. I get to shoot 50 caliber rounds. We shoot a helicopter out of the sky. That's the only fight I'm in.
My choices were never wrong.
You take the quote from Sam Jackson about how he'll never work with a rapper, and I can understand where he's coming from because he says rappers can't act.
I've worked with some actors who can't act.
If they respect the craft and what we're doing and they bring something to the table and they work hard, I don't care what you do as your side job or as your day job.
Some of these guys... I've worked with Ice Cube, I think he's an immensely talented rapper and actor.
You can say what you want to about a rapper in a movie, but look at what Ice Cube has done. Ice Cube has created more opportunities for other actors to get jobs in this business than some actors have.
If you respect the art and you have some talent about you, I'm on your team.
They gave us the freedom just to play and have fun.
Glenn Close is a living icon. You look at the work, and I think it's wild, because she thinks some of her best work was in Dangerous Liaisons and that's what I believe as well.
I'm not a comedian. I'm an actor who just happens to be funny on occasion.
You say you're a comedian, you always have to be on guard.
There isn't a switch that I turn on. I'm an actor. This is what I do.
I went to the High School for Performing Arts, and to Howard University on a talent scholarship.
