American,Politician
Whether you live in a city or a small town, and whether you drive a car, take the bus or ride a train, at some point in the day, everyone is a pedestrian.
The reality about transportation is that it's future-oriented. If we're planning for what we have, we're behind the curve.
Everywhere I go, I see incredible examples of communities that have a vision for transportation and how it will impact the quality of life, mobility, economics and opportunity.
I think public service is a calling and you do it as long as the things that brought you into the office can continue getting you up in the morning and as long as there's still work to get done.
The key word for transportation in the 21st is 'choice.'
Not every innovation in transportation is going to come from government or even a large enterprise. There are smart people out there with tools and skills to come up with great ideas.
Even one heatstroke death is one too many because every death caused by leaving a child unattended in a hot car is 100 percent avoidable.
I was the first mayor to even go meet with the LGBT community.
I was born to a single mom and raised by her and my grandparents.
I aspire to be useful.
Find a place where you add value to a community.
Bridges and roads take years to build, but too often, states and communities haven't known if funding will be there for them more than a few months at a time.
People are sitting in traffic longer, and the types of solutions that are needed to relieve that congestion are ones that are paid for by the Highway Trust Fund.
The rapid increase in the production and transportation of crude oil requires additional vigilance for the continued safe movement of this commodity.
No one respects the First Amendment more than I do. People have a right to express their concerns and their hopes and dreams to their government.
As we look at a future where we're going to have to double our freight capacity, how do you create a freight system that's integrated across the country when you have 50 different freight systems that are built one state at a time?
I've seen Congress do some remarkable things within a short period of time.
I know well the opportunities and the challenges of maintaining and improving infrastructure and providing good transportation choices.
There is no such thing as a Democratic or Republican road, bridge, port, airfield or rail system.
A lot of people in the technology space love the idea of a solving a problem.
Part of being innovative in government is sometimes not trying to plot out the last chapter of the book, but to be open and see what comes back.
Local transit agencies have developed apps to let you know when the next bus is coming, but there are so many more applications that can be done.
Tolling... has a place. We're not going to toll our way to prosperity as a country. It is a tool that can be used in some instances, for example, to add capacity and to pay for that capacity privately. But I don't think it is a complete solution to how we deal with our surface transportation issues.
Would I like to see baseball happen in Charlotte? Absolutely.
Passengers want options, and when they have options, like passenger rail, they choose them.
I was in Nashville, Tennessee, and I saw - we talk about crumbling bridges - I saw one, concrete literally falling onto the underpass below, threatening auto traffic.
