American,Actor
A weekend in Vegas without gambling and drinking is just like being a born-again Christian.
Whiskey will always be a part of my life.
All I can say is that you only realize how big your mountain is once you're laying motionless, helpless, and hopeless in the valley below. No one goes there on purpose, if you get what I'm saying, because the only way to find your personal low is to slip and roll down that mountain of yours, straight through to the bottom, no holds barred.
Have you ever Googled yourself? I did, most depressing thing ever. People have websites hoping I die at 38.
Vegas means comedy, tragedy, happiness and sadness all at the same time.
People are so nice, you know. It's such a credit to Howard Stern - the audience base that he created is such a special thing. It took him a long time to create this family of fans, and I was lucky to be a part of that for a while.
'Course the world of sports takes itself way too serious. Sports writers are all high and mighty.
The point of drinking in moderation is that sometimes you don't drink in moderation.
I'm like the master of ceremonies being funny, and then sometimes people you're with, girlfriends and stuff, are like, 'God I wish I had the person on stage to be with all the time.'
When political correctness first started coming around, it ruined Andrew Dice Clay and Eddie Murphy's stand-up career. Sam Kinison died at just the right time, 'cause no one was going to tolerate what he was saying anymore either.
I'm a comic, so I like to stay nocturnal. I work 10 p.m. to 1 a.m.
When you're an adult, when times are good, entire years go by in what feels like the space of one season. But the worst trick time plays on you is just how slowly the worst times in your life take you to live through.
The road is a lonely place, and that sounds like a cliche, you know, like what is my life?
You know you have a gambling problem when it's 4 A.M. at the Mirage Sports Book and you're walking around going, 'Hey you get the lacrosse scores?'
Only when you're in that ditch, lying there in the muddy runoff you've made of your life, gazing up at the peak you fell from, do you truly know how small you are and understand how tall you used to be.
When I got on Stern I realized that this was the one job where you could be really honest and open, almost like Richard Pryor or something. You can be honest about your life and get laughs.
The regular guy still relates to him and Howard is a $500 million guy now who dates a model and drives about in a limo all day. But Howard still knows how to make a plumber laugh and those guys still have him on in the morning, because he is a real talent.
Of course in show business there are two ways to play it and I am not politically correct so I am not going to get endorsements or anything like that.
It is funny because the guy who is my boss now, Howard Stern, has a similarity there. He got big being a regular guy. He wasn't the greatest looking guy in the world.
I have been in a lot of movies, but none of them are critics' darlings, you might say.
I am not the easiest guy to live with. It is probably the lack of stability in my life.
Everytime I go to Vegas, I seem to incur some kind of fine.
By the time I am Howard's age I hope to be long retired. I don't plan on working that long.
Artie is going to do what ever Artie wants to do.
And now it looks like I'm probably going to shoot a movie that I wrote. I got the money to do it, and I would star and all, because of being on Howard.
It's a life of five-card draw, and you know what? When God asked me - I'm fine with the card I got. I'm gonna play this.
To tell you the truth, I always wanted to be a sketch comedian and a comedy actor.
Richard Lewis has this incredible ability to look like he's just... you know it's an act that's been honed. What you have to do in standup is create spontaneity, somehow; even though you've done this act a million times, you gotta look like you're almost just thinking of it now, to make it entertainer.
Richard Lewis is the master at taking a joke that he's told a million times in a row in the past year, on the road, and making it look like he's pulling it out of thin air.
I got into comedy so I could stay out all night.
I'm very resilient. The only thing I'm missing right now are abs.
Googling me, you talk about being depressed. First of all there's 18 websites that predict my early death.
