American,Musician
I was born alone, I'm gonna die alone. I have my own identity. I'm my own person, and no two people are the same.
People who are scared don't live life.
I'm really into simple things - things you could wear every day.
I'm relevant because I fill a void for people who aren't doing what they want to do in life.
I used to do design before I was actually rapping. I went to art and design high school.
No city owns me, you know what I'm saying? I'm from New York, but no city owns me. Nobody can bottle up my sound and box me in. Yes, I am a rapper, but am I a New York rapper? No. I am from New York, I love New York to death, but I will not conform myself to one place, no.
At the end of the day, you can't take my love for my people away.
Rapping can be repetition sometimes. Sometimes you gotta highlight your words in a certain kind of way. So I always was a fan of sing-rapping. It was always funny to me a little bit, and I think that being funny and being able to laugh, even at yourself, is a form of flattery.
'Illmatic' was dope.
I thought I was half white or something because I only know white people as Ferguson as their last name.
I used to be a daredevil on BMX bikes.
Racism been over. It's the old people that keep on holding on to it.
I always shout out my dad. My artistic roots come from him. He had his own T-shirt company and taught me the trade.
I don't have a specific style. My style is unorthodox; that is my style. So you can't really place me here, place me there, because my style is just to be anywhere, you know what I'm saying?
Me jumping on a song with Ariana Grande is just showing versatility, you know what I'm saying?
I'm happy, so I just want to project that happiness through my music to make other people happy.
I create art. It's kinda abstract.
Tour is fun.
There's no borders or lines you can't cross anymore. Everything is getting blended with everything. That's the dope thing about music now. Some people don't like it, more of the older people. They want to, you know, go back to old-school New York hip-hop.
Andy Warhol's art wasn't that interesting to me. He was more interesting to me as a person. He was art himself. I don't even think he was really into art, per se. He may have liked to do it, but I think he was more into people being into him.
I'm gonna put out another album and then another album after that. And then I'm gonna put out a mixtape, and then I'm gonna put out another ten songs, and then I'm gonna put out a hundred more songs and a thousand songs after that.
There's no racism with the Internet.
If I was just to shut up, I wouldn't be a true artist.
I'm not a manufactured artist. Nobody taught me how to be a proper artist.
Sometimes I can't sleep 'cause I can't get a melody or a beat out my head, so I just have to wake up and, like, record it on a voice note.
A lot of rappers been putting out a lot of sub-par visuals. I feel like the visuals could be better.
