American,Poet
It is not our differences that divide us. It is our inability to recognize, accept, and celebrate those differences.
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.
When we speak we are afraid our words will not be heard or welcomed. But when we are silent, we are still afraid. So it is better to speak.
In our work and in our living, we must recognize that difference is a reason for celebration and growth, rather than a reason for destruction.
If I didn't define myself for myself, I would be crunched into other people's fantasies for me and eaten alive.
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
The sharing of joy, whether physical, emotional, psychic, or intellectual, forms a bridge between the sharers which can be the basis for understanding much of what is not shared between them, and lessens the threat of their difference.
Poetry is not only dream and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
I have come to believe over and over again that what is most important to me must be spoken, made verbal and shared, even at the risk of having it bruised or misunderstood.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
The learning process is something you can incite, literally incite, like a riot.
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now.
Your silence will not protect you.
When I use my strength in the service of my vision it makes no difference whether or not I am afraid.
Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever.
But the question is a matter of the survival and the teaching. That's what our work comes down to. No matter where we key into it, it's the same work, just different pieces of ourselves doing it.
Attend me, hold me in your muscular flowering arms, protect me from throwing any part of myself away.
There's always someone asking you to underline one piece of yourself - whether it's Black, woman, mother, dyke, teacher, etc. - because that's the piece that they need to key in to. They want to dismiss everything else.
When we create out of our experiences, as feminists of color, women of color, we have to develop those structures that will present and circulate our culture.
It's a struggle but that's why we exist, so that another generation of Lesbians of color will not have to invent themselves, or their history, all over again.
Only by learning to live in harmony with your contradictions can you keep it all afloat.
Art is not living. It is the use of living.
The sixties were characterized by a heady belief in instantaneous solutions.
There are no new ideas. There are only new ways of making them felt.
But the true feminist deals out of a lesbian consciousness whether or not she ever sleeps with women.
The master's tools will never dismantle the master's house.
