American,Athlete
Each new day has a different shape to it. You just roll with it.
I have family and friends who are strong Cardinal fans, and they are having a tough time since I signed. They want to root for me, but rooting for the Cubs is next to a sin.
The best things happen when you're not overthinking it.
Occasionally, you have to make adjustments and try different things.
We are just so thankful that Christ does not measure us by what we do. God is not measuring us by that, He is measuring us by our faith in Christ.
We know that as a Christian athlete, people are watching, and so we want to be the best example we can be and show that we are different - that Christ has changed our lives.
I know what I need to do to prepare myself, and I try to do the best I can to take care of my body and prolong my peak years as a baseball player.
The more I spend at one position, the more I can dive into those details.
You just have to keep grinding.
There are times when your mind isn't ready to go but your body is, and times when your body is ready to go but your mind isn't. You try to get the two in sync as much as possible.
I've been back to the Kansas City area a lot in the past. My sisters went to college in the area. My brother went to college in the area. I've got friends there, so there's some ties to the area.
I had a chance to choose a couple different places and, well, I grew up - I was a small-town kid from Illinois, so No. 1, just trying to win a championship for my home state.
Half the time, I have trouble following our own pitcher's sequence.
I still have a lot to learn about what the love of Christ is like - that it's not just knowledge... but it's allowing the truth to change you - allowing Christ's message of grace and hope and love through the cross, that that message is the message that changes the way we look at everything in our lives.
My dad was a pastor, so we were in church all the time.
Wiffle ball was my first experience hitting left-handed.
It was like a heavyweight fight, man. Just blow for blow, everybody playing their heart out. The Indians never gave up either, and I can't believe we're finally standing, after 108 years, finally able to hoist the trophy.
Like anybody else that goes and does their job, there's a way to do your job with excellence.
You want to represent Christ well with doing you job, first and foremost, because that's what you're there to do.
I never even thought about playing professionally. I didn't think that was a possibility for a little kid from Illinois.
It really comes down to God opening the doors for me, and I'm trying to walk through them doing the best I can.
I didn't ever realize that my ceiling would be this high, that I would be able to play at the major-league level. But here I am. I've been doing it for a while now, so it's certainly a blast. It's something that I want to cherish and make the most of.
I didn't realize the ceiling that I had, and I don't think a lot of players understand what they're capable of. Some of them dream of what they're capable of, but you don't really understand until you get in the moment and you give it everything you got and see in the end where you can end up.
As a ballplayer, there is no Christian way to swing a bat. There is no Christian way to swing or throw.
You are either good or you're not at whatever your job is. And it is more important that you understand the grace and love and peace you have in Christ, whether you are good or bad at whatever you are doing every day.
We are perfect. According to God, we are perfect, yet we know that we are sinners. We believe in the fact that we are both saints and sinners at the same time as we live in this world.
When I move to second after playing right field, I feel like my action has gotten too deliberate, and I have to switch back into that quicker, boom-boom infield mode.
When you get moved around, it can be jarring, but it helps to fine-tune your focus in the middle of the season, when other guys are getting a little lackadaisical.
My dad used to do it when we were little, and I tried it when we played around in the back yard. Eventually, I got a bat and a real ball and played around to see if I could hit left-handed.
I'm not the most powerful. I'm not the fastest. I don't have the best arm. I don't have any of that, but put it all together and do the little details well, and you're going to be a very productive player.
I'm not the best athlete.
I was never the star of my team, not even in my small town.
There were always kids better than me. Because of that, I had to learn to be a role player and do my part.
I love second base.
I've always loved the infield, because I came up as an infielder.
What I need as a player is just to get at-bats, I think.
Out in the field, I feel like I'm flexible enough to where I'm comfortable at different positions, wherever they want to put me.
I might have a great game hitting, but if I'm not having a great game fielding, if I feel like I let a guy get an extra base that I could have stopped, that's something I've got to do better, got to get better at.
I did the utility thing at first out of necessity to find a place on the team.
In the minor leagues, previous to 2008, I took a lot of pitches. I prided myself on on-base percentage. I made sure that I made the pitcher work.
I was kind of a slap hitter, trying to get base hits, hit line drives, stay below a certain trajectory with my ball.
One of my best friends, James Miller, managed to find the only Cubs hat that is all red.
Anytime you put your mind on the results, you lose something in the moment.
I played a lot of right field with Tampa.
For me, it's not so much about picking the right position; it's about the team.
We've got to win a championship and bring a World Series trophy back to Chicago.
As I get older, I just need to continue to make sure I'm staying in peak shape and taking care of my body the best I can.
I just try to focus on one step at a time, what I have to do or what the team has to do to get here.
I just try to be the player I am.
You don't get a chance to go to the playoffs and World Series very often, but to be able to experience it with the people you love most in the world is really fun.
I'm a manager's player, in a way, because he can use me in a lot of different ways, and I'm willing to do that.
I spent so many years shuffled around. I'm used to it and can deal with it.
My favorite day is relaxing at home with family and friends.
When I'm at the plate, I'm not thinking about what I'm trying to do with the bat - I'm thinking about what the pitcher is trying to do with the ball.
If you're free of mechanical thoughts and free of knowing that your body and bat are going to be in the right position at the right time, you can freely focus on the ball. It's a great feeling.
I can't take 200 hacks in the cage before the game. Not because I'll get tired, but because I'll hurt myself! I can't do that. I might get injured.
I felt like in Tampa Bay a lot of people thought we were overachieving.
You're not going to hit a bunch of three-run homers every game.
I'm not a cleanup hitter. I'm just batting fourth.
Sometimes, you just feel like you're just surviving for parts of the season.
I'm consistently making adjustments. You're going to have to do that in the postseason, too.
The one thing is the more I play second base, the more I can work on the intricate movements of that position.
I am a student of the game.
I want to try and get better in every facet of the game.
It's important to set a tone and get some momentum.
At the end of the day, you can't control the results; you can only control your effort level and your focus.
We don't even think about it out there. We just focus on doing our job. The ball is the same baseball, the game is the same game. We're going to just keep trying to do our jobs.
When I left Tampa Bay, I felt like if my career ended at that point, I'd be okay.
I love baseball history, and Wrigley Field is as good as it gets when it comes to that.
You just keep working and try to have quality at-bats.
I can tell there are times when my body's getting tired and I just need to take a day here or there and make sure I'm healthy.
