American,Actor
I don't see the world completely in black and white. Sometimes I do.
You have to kill to survive. People have been doing it forever. I eat meat, and I eat fish. If I were on a deserted island I would need that to survive.
I've liked most of the films that I've been in and those are the kinds of films I like to see.
I don't think I could be a foot soldier. I don't know if I could take orders too good. I'm a little lazy.
I trained as a theater actor and you had a bare stage and you had to pretend, one prop and you are in the middle of 8th Ave. and traffic is just going by.
There's a lot of Latinos right now, a lot of filmmakers and writers that are Latin too.
My goal as an actor has always been to reach a level where I can find a lot of interesting work, and I think I'm at that point now. The Oscar has given me a lot of recognition.
There are a lot of good actresses out there.
To be honest with you, I'd rather not be working. When you work, there are all sorts of deadlines and pressures. I like to do one thing and take my time to do the other one.
When some people get parts, they feel they can now relax, but for me it was always the opposite. Sometimes before I do a movie or before I act out a scene, I may not sleep well the night before. If I don't know what the scene is about, I might get all worked up.
I'm not Jack Nicholson. I'm not Brando. But I do mumble.
Hopefully, I can play both sides of the fence. That's probably what winning the Oscar gives me, the chance to do something with a studio and do other things that I really want to do.
Before I was ever in high school, I had dark circles under my eyes.
When you start to become a movie star it's easy to believe that you are Superman. That can fool you. That's why I prefer not to pay much attention to fame.
It's funny, but when I arrived in California to start college I was much more interested in becoming a surfer and cruise along in life from one beach to the next. I didn't plan out any huge career for myself.
I used to play basketball and I was pretty competitive, but I was never a bad loser. I never got angry. For me it was always about doing my best and devoting myself to a challenge.
To me the thing with 'Grease' was that it was the first movie that as a kid I wanted to get up and do what they were doing.
I'm a fan myself, so when a fan does something that might be strange, I understand it.
I get more choices of things, projects, which is a blessing and a curse. I can only do one at a time. Sometimes you don't know which way to go.
I mean I like most of the films that I've seen that I've been in.
I'm a slow reader.
Am I getting better at making choices? Well, I think I might be getting better at reading scripts.
The very first things that I did, even in theater, were bad guys. They are meaty roles for the most part. With the bad guy you have more freedom to experiment and go further out than with a good guy.
You might get some serial killers who are born with a chip missing, but for the most part I don't think anyone is born bad.
Villains used to always die in the end. Even the monsters. Frankenstein, Dracula - you'd kill them with a stake. Now the nightmare guy comes back.
I guess I rooted for the Creature from the Black Lagoon.
