American,Politician
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Well done is better than well said.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it.
Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain - and most fools do.
Wise men don't need advice. Fools won't take it.
Honesty is the best policy.
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
It is the working man who is the happy man. It is the idle man who is the miserable man.
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them.
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins.
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
It is easier to prevent bad habits than to break them.
The worst wheel of the cart makes the most noise.
Genius without education is like silver in the mine.
Savages we call them because their manners differ from ours.
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today.
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable.
Write your injuries in dust, your benefits in marble.
Time is money.
Take time for all things: great haste makes great waste.
Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God.
Employ thy time well, if thou meanest to gain leisure.
Write injuries in dust, benefits in marble.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Where liberty is, there is my country.
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly.
Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants.
He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees.
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.
Rather go to bed with out dinner than to rise in debt.
As we must account for every idle word, so must we account for every idle silence.
A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
In my youth, I traveled much, and I observed in different countries, that the more public provisions were made for the poor, the less they provided for themselves, and of course became poorer. And, on the contrary, the less was done for them, the more they did for themselves, and became richer.
There are two ways of being happy: We must either diminish our wants or augment our means - either may do - the result is the same and it is for each man to decide for himself and to do that which happens to be easier.
He that speaks much, is much mistaken.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.
If a man empties his purse into his head, no one can take it from him.
Most people return small favors, acknowledge medium ones and repay greater ones - with ingratitude.
The discontented man finds no easy chair.
God works wonders now and then; Behold a lawyer, an honest man.
Laws too gentle are seldom obeyed; too severe, seldom executed.
Danger is sauce for prayers.
Content makes poor men rich; discontent makes rich men poor.
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner.
At twenty years of age the will reigns; at thirty, the wit; and at forty, the judgment.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.
Human felicity is produced not as much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen as by little advantages that occur every day.
The way to see by Faith is to shut the Eye of Reason.
Nine men in ten are would be suicides.
If you desire many things, many things will seem few.
Speak ill of no man, but speak all the good you know of everybody.
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.
Leisure is the time for doing something useful. This leisure the diligent person will obtain the lazy one never.
She laughs at everything you say. Why? Because she has fine teeth.
No nation was ever ruined by trade.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Beware the hobby that eats.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Words may show a man's wit but actions his meaning.
I am for doing good to the poor, but I differ in opinion about the means. I think the best way of doing good to the poor is not making them easy in poverty, but leading or driving them out of it.
Gain may be temporary and uncertain; but ever while you live, expense is constant and certain: and it is easier to build two chimneys than to keep one in fuel.
He that has done you a kindness will be more ready to do you another, than he whom you yourself have obliged.
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance.
There never was a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.
As we enjoy great advantages from the inventions of others, we should be glad of an opportunity to serve others by any invention of ours, and this we should do freely and generously.
Hunger is the best pickle.
In general, mankind, since the improvement of cookery, eats twice as much as nature requires.
Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
Never confuse motion with action.
Since thou are not sure of a minute, throw not away an hour.
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.
He that won't be counseled can't be helped.
When will mankind be convinced and agree to settle their difficulties by arbitration?
He that sows thorns should never go barefoot.
A place for everything, everything in its place.
It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.
I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.
Games lubricate the body and the mind.
I conceive that the great part of the miseries of mankind are brought upon them by false estimates they have made of the value of things.
If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write something worth reading or do things worth writing.
Those that won't be counseled can't be helped.
Many foxes grow gray but few grow good.
A learned blockhead is a greater blockhead than an ignorant one.
If all printers were determined not to print anything till they were sure it would offend nobody, there would be very little printed.
Eat to please thyself, but dress to please others.
He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
Our necessities never equal our wants.
Tomorrow, every Fault is to be amended; but that Tomorrow never comes.
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
God grant that not only the love of liberty but a thorough knowledge of the rights of man may pervade all the nations of the earth, so that a philosopher may set his foot anywhere on its surface and say: 'This is my country.'
Blessed is he that expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
A false friend and a shadow attend only while the sun shines.
Work as if you were to live a hundred years. Pray as if you were to die tomorrow.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
It is the eye of other people that ruin us. If I were blind I would want, neither fine clothes, fine houses or fine furniture.
I saw few die of hunger; of eating, a hundred thousand.
He that lives upon hope will die fasting.
Trouble springs from idleness, and grievous toil from needless ease.
Remember that credit is money.
God helps those who help themselves.
He that raises a large family does, indeed, while he lives to observe them, stand a broader mark for sorrow; but then he stands a broader mark for pleasure too.
If you would have a faithful servant, and one that you like, serve yourself.
When befriended, remember it; when you befriend, forget it.
He that's secure is not safe.
All wars are follies, very expensive and very mischievous ones.
Do good to your friends to keep them, to your enemies to win them.
A penny saved is two pence clear.
From a child I was fond of reading, and all the little money that came into my hands was ever laid out in books. Pleased with the 'Pilgrim's Progress,' my first collection was of John Bunyan's works in separate little volumes.
If we do not hang together, we shall surely hang separately.
Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
Hear reason, or she'll make you feel her.
The eye of the master will do more work than both his hands.
Where there is a free government, and the people make their own laws by their representatives, I see no injustice in their obliging one another to take their own paper money.
It is only when the rich are sick that they fully feel the impotence of wealth.
You can bear your own faults, and why not a fault in your wife?
We are more thoroughly an enlightened people, with respect to our political interests, than perhaps any other under heaven. Every man among us reads, and is so easy in his circumstances as to have leisure for conversations of improvement and for acquiring information.
An egg today is better than a hen to-morrow.
Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
Having been poor is no shame, but being ashamed of it, is.
Beauty and folly are old companions.
Many people die at twenty five and aren't buried until they are seventy five.
Mine is better than ours.
Observe all men, thyself most.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
The absent are never without fault, nor the present without excuse.
He that rises late must trot all day.
There is no kind of dishonesty into which otherwise good people more easily and frequently fall than that of defrauding the government.
Who is rich? He that rejoices in his portion.
I guess I don't so much mind being old, as I mind being fat and old.
Fatigue is the best pillow.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.
The use of money is all the advantage there is in having it.
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion.
Each year one vicious habit discarded, in time might make the worst of us good.
If you know how to spend less than you get, you have the philosopher's stone.
Necessity never made a good bargain.
Wars are not paid for in wartime, the bill comes later.
To lengthen thy life, lessen thy meals.
Those disputing, contradicting, and confuting people are generally unfortunate in their affairs. They get victory, sometimes, but they never get good will, which would be of more use to them.
A child thinks 20 shillings and 20 years can scarce ever be spent.
I have no private interest in the reception of my inventions by the world, having never made, nor proposed to make, the least profit by any of them.
He that has not got a wife is not yet a complete man.
Where sense is wanting, everything is wanting.
For having lived long, I have experienced many instances of being obliged, by better information or fuller consideration, to change opinions, even on important subjects, which I once thought right but found to be otherwise.
In the affairs of this world, men are saved not by faith, but by the want of it.
Let all your things have their places; let each part of your business have its time.
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
And whether you're an honest man, or whether you're a thief, depends on whose solicitor has given me my brief.
The strictest law sometimes becomes the severest injustice.
All who think cannot but see there is a sanction like that of religion which binds us in partnership in the serious work of the world.
He does not possess wealth; it possesses him.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
I should have no objection to go over the same life from its beginning to the end: requesting only the advantage authors have, of correcting in a second edition the faults of the first.
Who had deceived thee so often as thyself?
It is much easier to suppress a first desire than to satisfy those that follow.
When men and woman die, as poets sung, his heart's the last part moves, her last, the tongue.
Buy what thou hast no need of and ere long thou shalt sell thy necessities.
Many a man thinks he is buying pleasure, when he is really selling himself to it.
Applause waits on success.
Industry need not wish.
I look upon death to be as necessary to our constitution as sleep. We shall rise refreshed in the morning.
Never take a wife till thou hast a house (and a fire) to put her in.
He that displays too often his wife and his wallet is in danger of having both of them borrowed.
Those have a short Lent who owe money to be paid at Easter.
There cannot be a stronger natural right than that of a man's making the best profit he can of the natural produce of his lands.
My elder brothers were all put apprentices to different trades. I was put to the grammar-school at eight years of age, my father intending to devote me, as the tithe of his sons, to the service of the Church.
So convenient a thing it is to be a reasonable creature, since it enables one to find or make a reason for every thing one has a mind to do.
In reality, there is, perhaps, no one of our natural passions so hard to subdue as pride.
For my own part, I wish the bald eagle had not been chosen the representative of our country. He is a bird of bad moral character. He does not get his living honestly.
