American,Businessman
Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton was the one who asked why.
Vote for the man who promises least; he'll be the least disappointing.
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
We did not all come over on the same ship, but we are all in the same boat.
Two things are bad for the heart - running up stairs and running down people.
Old books that have ceased to be of service should no more be abandoned than should old friends who have ceased to give pleasure.
Most of the successful people I've known are the ones who do more listening than talking.
Let us not deceive ourselves; we must elect world peace or world destruction.
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Every man has a right to his opinion, but no man has a right to be wrong in his facts.
Only as you do know yourself can your brain serve you as a sharp and efficient tool. Know your own failings, passions, and prejudices so you can separate them from what you see.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Nobody ever lost money taking a profit.
If you get all the facts, your judgment can be right; if you don't get all the facts, it can't be right.
The art of living lies not in eliminating but in growing with troubles.
A political leader must keep looking over his shoulder all the time to see if the boys are still there. If they aren't still there, he's no longer a political leader.
I made my money by selling too soon.
We can't cross that bridge until we come to it, but I always like to lay down a pontoon ahead of time.
Let us not be deceived we are today in the midst of a cold war.
The greatest blessing of our democracy is freedom. But in the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves.
The main purpose of the stock market is to make fools of as many men as possible.
During my eighty-seven years I have witnessed a whole succession of technological revolutions. But none of them has done away with the need for character in the individual or the ability to think.
A speculator is a man who observes the future, and acts before it occurs.
Don't try to buy at the bottom and sell at the top. It can't be done except by liars.
I never lost money by turning a profit.
There is something about inside information which seems to paralyse a man's reasoning powers.
