American,Actress
I try not to drink too much because when I'm drunk, I bite.
If I could be granted a wish, I'd shine in your eye like a jewel.
Group conformity scares the pants off me because it's so often a prelude to cruelty towards anyone who doesn't want to - or can't - join the Big Parade.
I celebrate everyone's religious holidays. if it's good enough for the righteous, it's good enough for the self-righteous, I always say.
I hope to keep entertaining in some way until I can't physically entertain any longer. It's what I was born to do, and I love this profession.
My idea of superwoman is someone who scrubs her own floors.
I always try to balance the light with the heavy - a few tears of human spirit in with the sequins and the fringes.
I sometimes think I should go back to school to learn French and music, but who would have me?
When it's three o'clock in New York, it's still 1938 in London.
Cherish forever what makes you unique, 'cuz you're really a yawn if it goes.
I married a German. Every night I dress up as Poland and he invades me.
The worst part of success is to try finding someone who is happy for you.
I mean, can I really create a full, three-dimensional character? I don't know anymore. I'm certainly going to try.
Through books and photographs, I saw a world that was not my own - and I realized that there was another world. That's why I'm concerned about education, because it helps our children see other worlds.
I made a pact with myself a long time ago: Never watch anything stupider than you. It's helped me a lot.
I bear no grudges. I have a mind that retains nothing.
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.
I feel like a million tonight - but one at a time.
I'd make a wonderful Lady Macbeth. I'll wear a pair of platform shoes or something.
I'm working my way toward divinity.
Writing a book is not as tough as it is to haul thirty-five people around the country and sweat like a horse five nights a week.
If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many books on how to do it?
Rap is poetry set to music. But to me it's like a jackhammer.
I never know how much of what I say is true.
I wouldn't say I invented tacky, but I definitely brought it to its present high popularity.
My husband calls it winging it - the way I just took what the studios gave me, didn't do my homework and avoided roles that would risk my image.
