American,Musician
If everything was perfect, you would never learn and you would never grow.
Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice.
When you love and accept yourself, when you know who really cares about you, and when you learn from your mistakes, then you stop caring about what people who don't know you think.
We all have our imperfections. But I'm human, and you know, it's important to concentrate on other qualities besides outer beauty.
I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men. And let's face it, money gives men the power to run the show. It gives men the power to define value. They define what's sexy. And men define what's feminine. It's ridiculous.
Who I am on stage is very, very different to who I am in real life.
Whenever I'm confused about something, I ask God to reveal the answers to my questions, and he does.
I feel like you get more bees with honey. But that doesn't mean I don't get frustrated in my life. My way of dealing with frustration is to shut down and to think and speak logically.
I can never be safe; I always try and go against the grain. As soon as I accomplish one thing, I just set a higher goal. That's how I've gotten to where I am.
I always treat myself to one meal on Sundays when I can have whatever I want. Usually it's pizza, which is my favorite indulgence.
For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.
Tina Turner is someone that I admire, because she made her strength feminine and sexy. Marilyn Monroe, because she was a curvy woman. I'm drawn to things that have the same kind of silhouettes as what she wore because our bodies are similar.
I know I'm stronger in the songs than I really am. Sometimes I need to hear it myself. We all need to hear those empowering songs to remind us.
I wanted to sell a million records, and I sold a million records. I wanted to go platinum; I went platinum. I've been working nonstop since I was 15. I don't even know how to chill out.
I like to walk around with bare feet and I don't like to comb my hair.
I'm a human being and I fall in love and sometimes I don't have control of every situation.
If I weren't performing, I'd be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyone's problems - like a beauty therapist!
The great thing about McDonald's is that they have a lot of different things on the menu. I love their salads.
When you really don't like a guy, they're all over you, and as soon as you act like you like them, they're no longer interested.
I love a pair of sexy heels with jeans, a nice jacket, or a little dress.
I grew up in a very nice house in Houston, went to private school all my life and I've never even been to the 'hood. Not that there's anything wrong with the 'hood.
We're African-American and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.
I always try to be myself. Ever since I was an introverted kid, I'd get on stage and be able to break out of my shell.
Any other woman who has to go to work and pick up the kids and make dinner - that's way harder than what I have to do.
I think music is something that can, and should, be used to get you into different things because eventually what goes up must come down - we're not going to be the number one group in the world forever - so you have to have something else to fall back on.
I'm over being a pop star. I don't wanna be a hot girl. I wanna be iconic. And I feel like I've accomplished a lot. I feel like I'm highly respected, which is more important than any award or any amount of records. And I feel like there comes a point when being a pop star is not enough.
There's my personal life, my sensitive side, and then me as a performer, sexy and energised and fun.
My fans kept asking where they could get clothes like 'Destiny's Child's', so it was only natural for us to do a clothing line. I was adamant about not putting my name on something that I didn't love.
I love my job, but it's more than that: I need it.
My fans kept asking where they could get clothes like Destiny's Child's, so it was only natural for us to do a clothing line.
I don't really like to call myself a brand, and I don't like to think of myself as a brand. I'm a singer, a songwriter, a musician and a performer. And an actress, and all the other things that I do. When you add it all together, some might call it a brand, but that's not my focus.
I am really proud that I am one of the artists that has the opportunity to be on magazine covers and to be in the movies.
Diana Ross is a big inspiration to all of us. We all grew up watching everything about her - her mike placement, her grace, her style and her class.
I've worn dresses from all different price ranges, and the thing that couture dresses have in common is that the fit is amazing.
I'm a people pleaser. I hold a lot of things in. I'm always making sure everybody is okay. I usually don't rage; I usually don't curse.
