American,Actor
When you're at your absolute, most exhausted... That's when you have to be at the top of your game.
My wife and I were on our honeymoon in Turks and Caicos, in the middle of nowhere, and I'm sitting on this deserted beach, and I see one lone person walking along the shore. He walks right up to me and says, 'I love 'Laser Cats,' and then just walks away.
I started making little short films with friends, and then I decided I wanted to get into the school play in high school.
A person being patient with an insane person is my favorite thing in the world.
I got invited to the Playboy Mansion with the Lonely Island guys after their first season on 'SNL,' and I sat in the corner drinking coffee and talking to Akiva Schaffer about what aspect ratio he was going to shoot 'Hot Rod' in. Like, that's what we talk about.
Everything is so tech now; everyone is so connected that way.
For our anniversary, my wife and I went to see Godzilla, and then we ate at Barnyard Venice, and it was like, 'We are crazy! The Kardashians have to keep up with us!'
I get migraines a lot. I get them when I'm stressed out. My brain freezes, and I just try to get through that.
To be honest, I watch way more dramatic films when I'm chilling at home. I think when you work in comedy, you just want something different in your private life. Makes you feel balanced, I guess.
There are some really funny women at 'SNL,' man.
My parents were supportive. I didn't have good grades, but they could tell I wasn't lazy.
When I was on 'SNL,' I was getting weirdly anxious about being on camera, which I had never really done before. And so my solution was just to not watch my stuff. And then I found out that other actors do it, too, and I felt less weird about it.
I was never that good on stage with live improv. I was much better on film or writing something and then thinking about it. I was too in my head when I was on stage.
'SNL' is really hard to do when you're single and living alone. And then it's pretty tough when you're married, because you don't see your spouse.
When 'MacGruber' came out, David Wain was one of the first people who publicly championed it.
I think that's the thing I learned at 'Saturday Night Live' - any time I would try and strategize, I would always, always fall on my face. Things worked out when I tried to make it about what I was feeling at that moment and what I was into in that moment of my life.
Yeah, improvising only really works 100% when you're with somebody.
A lot of times I think people, when they're doing a movie that's a family movie, they're worried about this being too esoteric or too dark or too weird.
I remember seeing 'Spinal Tap' at a young age and being like, 'That's how you perform comedy.'
I moved out to L.A. to be a filmmaker or director. I didn't even think about doing comedy or even acting. I wanted to be like Paul Thomas Anderson or Wes Anderson, but I wasn't going to a lot of comedy.
I took Second City out of desperation, and that's what ended up working out. It shows that you should be doing a lot of different stuff, taking whatever opportunities are there, to see what works.
Fred Armisen does a pretty good me.
I don't think I could do what Woody Allen or Clint Eastwood or Ben Stiller do, where they direct a movie and they star in it. I would just be like, 'Oh, I don't even want to look at my face.'
To be totally honest? I don't know if I'll keep doing more impressions. People told me I had a facility for it, and I was like, 'Okay, I'm the impression guy.' So you imagine the cast at 'SNL' is an A-Team, and you've got the explosives guy, and I'm the impression guy.
When it comes to comedy, it might be interesting to know why an airplane works, but really? Maybe it's better not to know why certain things work. Just fly the thing, and if nothing falls apart, you'll be fine.
Going to any loud place is terrible for me. I'm bad at loud restaurants.
Seth Meyers and I wrote a 'Spider-Man' comic.
There's a movie called 'Pod People' that has a weird little anteater alien. That was a good alien.
'Superbad' was such a personal movie.
Before you get to 'SNL,' you have your own sensibility. And when you get to 'SNL,' it's the show's sensibility.
Sometimes you're working with somebody, and you can tell they're just waiting to say their line.
I'm a huge fan of Simon Pegg and Nick Frost.
If I get a chance to write a comic book or do a voice in an Adult Swim show, I do it. It's much more fulfilling to me and I get to work with people who I'm a fan of.
My wife is the sweetest, most even-keeled person ever. A mood swing to her is like, 'Oh, I'm uncomfortable.'
Every two months, I would get an email, 'Skeleton Twins update: still don't have the money!'
Turns out typecasting is a real thing.
My life is different since I moved back to L.A. from New York, mostly because I have a family and I don't go out.
It doesn't occur to me that I don't drive a cool car until I hang out with Jon Hamm, who picks me up in what looks like a Transformer, and I think, 'Oh, that's what movie stars are driving. I guess I'm not a movie star.'
Jason Sudeikis is always chewing gum.
My mom, dad, grandparents, we all do voices.
You can be the lead in a movie just for the sake of being a lead in a movie, or you can just be in a good movie.
It is funny that people always assume you have a bigger part in a movie than you actually do. I remember a lot of people thought 'Adventureland' starred me and Kristen Wiig. But we were like, 'No, we're only in the movie for like ten minutes!'
Paul Rudd is a huge 'Hot Rod' fan.
The first time I met James Franco, he was dressed like James Dean. He was James Dean, literally, filming a biopic.
I had a small part in 'Pineapple Express.'
At the beginning of each week at 'Saturday Night Live,' we have a full cast meeting where Lorne Michaels introduces the upcoming host.
I love comedy, but it's dramas that stick with me.
I never resented anybody for being successful.
I grew up in a total Pink Floyd house.
'Vanity Fair' did this grid thing a couple years ago, connecting people who've worked together, and I had the most branches on it or whatever, because I'd worked with so-and-so and so-and-so worked with so-and-so, and I was kind of in the middle.
I was a production assistant in the post department on 'The Surreal Life.' And it's been reported before that I was an assistant editor on 'The Surreal Life.' That is not true.
I kind of romanticized what it was like to be a writer and director when I was in my early twenties. Working as a production assistant knocked that right out of me.
When you move to L.A. or New York, it's easy to get a little lost and forget your original goal.
When I met Judd Apatow, he told me I should start writing screenplays. They'd be really bad at first, but the more I did it, the better I'd get.
One of the reasons I started working at 'South Park,' actually, was that I wanted to learn how to structure things and how to tell a story.
I like watching Kate McKinnon do something - there's a joy in seeing a new move from somebody and going, 'Oh, she can do that.'
I worked at a movie theater in Tempe, Arizona, when I went to community college there. And I got fired because a sorority had rented out a theater to watch 'Titanic,' and they were being really rude to me while they were waiting for the movie. So as I tore their tickets, I told them the end of the movie.
You know what, I remember being on my T-ball team and telling people about 'Platoon.'
I hated pitch meetings. Pitch meetings were my least favorite part of the week. I just gave up. I was so terrible at them.
The first time I ever acted was in 'The Glass Menagerie' in high school, and my first line was, 'I didn't know Shakespeare had a sister.'
If you watch 'SNL,' any time there's this thing with everyone singing, I'm, like, the one person who just has a straight line of dialogue because I can't sing to save my life.
My dad was a big Frank Zappa fan, so I remember listening to a lot of Frank Zappa. Girls do not like Frank Zappa.
I'm the only one in Tulsa, Oklahoma, that has Final Draft on my computer. Then you show up and go to any coffee shop in L.A., and there are a hundred people your age with Final Draft.
When I got to 'Saturday Night Live,' it was a lot like going from pre-school to Harvard, and it took a long time to figure stuff out.
Getting 'SNL' was pretty amazing, so just to be able to have an eight-year career there and be really happy with everything I did, it was pretty big.
I work a lot, and it's kind of like, you meet people, and you just click. It's not like I'm looking at something and thinking: 'South Park' - how do I get on that?' I just became friends with those guys first. They're nice guys.
The nature of 'SNL' is that it's so in-the-moment.
To be honest, I don't know how comedy works.
Top Ten lists make me insane. I just know they're going to change daily.
I've been a big fan of David Wain's and was honored to get to be in one of his projects.
I've seen people who come to work say, 'No, I'm doing it this way, and that's that.' I'm the opposite - I like being out of my element; it's where I like to live.
Jon Ronson makes me laugh. I've read all of his books.
David Sedaris is so good that it makes me mad.
George Saunders is a complete genius.
I don't believe in the term 'guilty pleasure,' because it implies I should feel ashamed for liking something. A real guilty pleasure would be, I don't know, taking gratification in some stranger's ghastly death or something - which I guess I do enjoy, because I read a ton of true crime.
I met Robin Williams a few times, and he was a beautiful guy.
My wife and I got to go onstage at a Flaming Lips concert at Webster Hall once. We dressed up like Scientology aliens and danced around. We had a shootout onstage with Santa Claus.
Every relationship is work.
I tried to get people at 'South Park' into 'Downton Abbey,' and it didn't work. I think they were like, 'Downton Abbey?' What?' And I kinda made a big plea in the writer's room, like, 'Guys, you should really watch it. It's good. It's addicting. My wife and I are obsessed with it.'
I can't do Twitter or Facebook, mostly because I feel like I'm the type of person who has to regiment the amount of time I spend doing certain things or I'll just wade in it, and then I'll never come out.
I don't like the sound of my voice or how I look or anything.
I really liked John Candy in 'Planes, Trains & Automobiles.' He was so good in that movie.
I like when you are telling a story and fall into an impression.
I have a lot of incomplete short films and incomplete scripts out there.
I was offered a lot of supporting crazy parts in comedies because that's all I had done.
I would do 'Superbad,' and the next offers you would get would all be crazy cop characters or crazy security guards or something.
You learn quickly at 'SNL' you get in trouble if you compare yourself to other people, where they're at, or what other people had done before you.
Pete Davidson - he's in the movie 'Trainwreck.' He has a small part in it. I told Lorne Michaels about him, said he was really funny.
When people tell you what doesn't work, they're usually right. When they tell you how to fix it, they're usually wrong.
I collect movies. So I have all those in binders. I don't have the DVDs out. I put them in binders.
Fred Willard still makes me laugh.
Oddly enough, I have really bad stage fright - getting up in front of people. And I made a living going on live television.
Voices are a good way to get in and out of things. James Carville constantly calls my wife to say I'll be home late. Mandy Patinkin and Al Pacino call to get me restaurant reservations.
I set the time on my iPhone to be 30 minutes late, so I'm only an hour and a half late to appointments now.
Even though it doesn't look like it, I run. On a treadmill. And I bounce around to all the songs on my iPod - the Pixies, Wagner, Richard and Linda Thompson, even books on tape. Just not self-help ones.
Good directors give short and specific instructions to their actors.
I learned a lot just watching people perform.
I grew up with my two sisters and my mom, so it's my lot in life to be surrounded by women.
I'm very close to my sisters.
Comedy is incredibly hard. You have to be loose. You have to be not afraid to fail.
I'm always up before everybody else. I also crash at 3 o'clock when everybody's at their prime.
I wrote a fan e-mail to Michael Chabon.
I saw 'A Clockwork Orange' when I was 11. When you watch 'Clockwork Orange' at 11, it either totally scares you from watching movies, or you want to become a filmmaker. I was the latter.
I remember being unbelievable bummed when 'Freaks and Geeks' was canceled.
I really enjoyed playing Vinny Vedecci, the Italian talk show host. He was the first character I ever came up with where I gave him a name and a way of dressing.
People ask me, 'Did you always want to be on SNL?' No, actually, it never crossed my mind. It didn't even seem possible. It would've been like saying, 'Hey, do you wanna go to the moon?'
My first real job, I sold Christmas trees when I was twelve for extra money. I did that until I was fifteen. Then I bagged groceries, and I worked at the first Borders ever in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
