American,Cartoonist
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, I'll bet they'd live a lot differently.
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.
Nothing helps a bad mood like spreading it around.
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor?
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept.
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.
From now on, I'll connect the dots my own way.
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
Sometimes when I'm talking, my words can't keep up with my thoughts. I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so we can think twice.
Shutting off the thought process is not rejuvenating; the mind is like a car battery - it recharges by running.
We don't devote enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks.
We all have different desires and needs, but if we don't discover what we want from ourselves and what we stand for, we will live passively and unfulfilled.
I liked things better when I didn't understand them.
The world of a comic strip ought to be a special place with its own logic and life... I don't want the issue of Hobbes's reality settled by a doll manufacturer.
If your knees aren't green by the end of the day, you ought to seriously re-examine your life.
Why waste time learning, when ignorance is instantaneous?
The problem with the future is that it keeps turning into the present.
Often it takes some calamity to make us live in the present. Then suddenly we wake up and see all the mistakes we have made.
The purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure pure reasoning, and inhibit clarity. With a little practice, writing can be an intimidating and impenetrable fog!
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die.
I won't eat any cereal that doesn't turn the milk purple.
Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.
I've got to start listening to those quiet, nagging doubts.
If you can't control your peanut butter, you can't expect to control your life.
