American,Businessman
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.
The discipline you learn and character you build from setting and achieving a goal can be more valuable than the achievement of the goal itself.
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
True popularity comes from acts of kindness rather than acts of stupidity.
Visualization is daydreaming with a purpose.
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family.
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.
A dream collage is pictures of your goals. It is like your future photo album.
As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.
Never expect people to treat you any better than you treat yourself.
An objection is not a rejection; it is simply a request for more information.
A dead end can never be a one way street; you can always turn around and take another road.
Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions.
Martial arts is not about fighting; it's about building character.
Using rhetorical questions in speeches is a great way to keep the audience involved. Don't you think those kinds of questions would keep your attention?
Be friendly to everyone. Those who deserve it the least need it the most.
Resume: a written exaggeration of only the good things a person has done in the past, as well as a wish list of the qualities a person would like to have.
Not managing your time and making excuses are two bad habits. Don't put them both together by claiming you 'don't have the time'.
I like to think of sales as the ability to gracefully persuade, not manipulate, a person or persons into a win-win situation.
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done.
Enthusiasm is not the same as just being excited. One gets excited about going on a roller coaster. One becomes enthusiastic about creating and building a roller coaster.
People who come from dysfunctional families are not destined for a dysfunctional life.
Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals.
The concept of the 'good ol' days' must be one of our society's biggest delusions, top reasons for depression, as well as most often used excuse for lack of success.
Peeves do not make very good pets.
There is a misleading, unwritten rule that states if a quote giving advice comes from someone famous, very old, or Greek, then it must be good advice.
You are not, nor ever will be, better than anyone else besides the person you are now.
A good leader is one who can tell another how to reach his or her potential; a great leader is one who can help another discover this potential for him or herself.
Untapped potential is the difference between where a person is now and where he or she can be.
Not being in tune with your customers is like living in an alternate reality; the way you think your customers feel about your product is not always the same as what your customers really think about your product.
Faked enthusiasm is worse than bad acting - it is bad acting with the intent to deceive.
If you are going to ask yourself life-changing questions, be sure to do something with the answers.
The secret to having everything you want out of life is the realization that you really don't want most of the things you think you want.
The best way to lose a job is just not to care. When you do not care, it shows in everything you do.
If you think Abraham Lincoln became famous for inventing the town car, it is time to spend a few hours on history.
One's work usually occupies more than half of one's waking life. Choosing work that does not bring happiness will lead to a life that is mostly disappointing.
Every economy is uncertain. Referring to this or any economy as 'uncertain' is an unnecessary and pessimistic redundancy.
Value people on their potential, not on their history.
We can create the ultimate job security by becoming less dependent on the organization for which we work and more dependent on our own resources.
