American,Businessman
We want people that fit in our locker room. As I said, it's all about teamwork.
When you're under stress, your immune system doesn't work as well.
Sometimes, in order to be successful, a business must reset.
We're about winning and accountability.
Our players are role models; there's no question about it. Whether they want to be or not. They are. So they're in the spotlight. So if they do something that's wrong, that's in the spotlight, too.
As a matter of policy from the beginning with our team, there have been three things we've said we won't draft a player: if they've been involved in domestic violence, drug abuse, or if they show lack of respect for authority.
We can take action with a player without the league taking any action. But all that we can do is, we can deactivate him. But we're limited under the collective bargaining agreement to four games.
I'm not ill. I'm healthy. I'm not going anywhere. We've got Super Bowls to win.
I didn't think I was going to die. I knew some did. I knew there were some rumors.
The radiation was worse by far. I had bandages all over my head. I looked like a mummy. On the side of my head and neck and down to my collarbone, I had second-degree burns. My skin blistered and peeled before it grew back. That was the worst part of it.
We concluded that one thing we can do is to just go through the locker room and make sure that if anybody is using anything, it's a product from one of the approved manufacturers.
A quarterback that goes out and performs for you and is a franchise quarterback is more valuable than a player playing another position, but there's a lot more risk there. It's a more difficult position to play, and there are lot more failures.
Experience shows that those people who were selected to be a head coach in the NFL met with more success if they had had head-coaching experience.
I have a deep faith in God.
I'm not going anywhere. My dad lived to be 102. And we've got Super Bowls to win.
Now, would we like to have that super quarterback? Absolutely. And if we have the opportunity to get that person or develop that person, that's what we'll do.
Every athlete, I think, would like to play forever. They never want to acknowledge that they've lost a step or they can't quite do what they did before.
We don't like to acknowledge that we're getting older. None of us do.
I'm not a real estate developer. I'm a golfer. I'm a sportsman.
If you look around, there are very few really super quarterbacks. There are just very few. If you're lucky enough to have one, lucky enough that one of these Andrew Lucks is available when you have the top pick, then that's just a matter of luck. You can't attribute that to anything else.
At nose tackle, you don't have to run that much.
Look at Baltimore back in 2000. They had an outstanding defense. They could run the ball, and they had a quarterback that didn't turn it over that much. I think that is a plan that can bring you great success.
Unfortunately, when we had a No. 1 draft pick, there wasn't an Andrew Luck out there. A lot of that's pure luck.
If you want to get a good seat at a Texas A&M game or a University of Texas game, it depends on how much money you give the school.
If a local market is supporting the team strongly, you're not going to have a lot of support for a team leaving that market.
If a team needs new facilities, and they've been unsuccessful for a long period of time, and the local community is not being responsive, then I think it's a possibility that team might get a vote to relocate.
