American,Businessman
The heart and soul of the company is creativity and innovation.
You can't allow tradition to get in the way of innovation. There's a need to respect the past, but it's a mistake to revere your past.
The riskiest thing we can do is just maintain the status quo.
I ride a bike and use aerobic equipment twice a week, and work out with a trainer, lifting weights.
Sometimes I feel like I'm a contestant in a reality show that probably would be called The Apprentice Survivor Millionaire.
Honestly, I'm interested in politics; I'm interested in giving back in some form, performing some sort of civic duty. But I'm not exploring a run for governor or senator or anything along those lines. I'm focused on running Disney.
I won't speak for the entertainment industry. I speak for Disney. I've seen people in the industry come to work every morning paranoid about what the other person or other company is doing. That means you're spending time and focus on somebody else's business instead of your own.
When you think about it, media's the intersection of content and technology - it's all about storytelling, like photography and the camera.
Success can breed all kinds of other behavior and cause companies to behave a certain way that isn't necessarily the ingredients for achieving more success. For instance, with success comes arrogance, and that's typically the death of success.
It's not that I'm a daredevil. But I'm just generally not a fearful person. I don't conduct my life worrying about what could happen, what may happen.
Netflix, Amazon, iTunes - whatever platforms emerge - we are looking at as having the same potential that home video had for the movie business. Which means there are entirely new opportunities to monetize our capital investment in content and do so in ways that work for distributors, for consumers and for creators.
Are we blasphemous in saying that 2-D is largely a thing of the past, and computer-generated animation is the present and future? It's all about creating a better experience for the viewer - and that includes 3-D.
There is no science in creativity. If you don't give yourself room to fail, you won't innovate.
Working hard to fulfill a dream or instinct and learning over time it doesn't work, doesn't mean a career is over and a reputation killed. When a reputation is killed, it's when failure comes as a result of loss of integrity or judgement... breaking of laws.
People gravitate to what they believe to be popular... Technology is enabling even more of that.
I'm a lifetime Green Bay Packers fan.
I think it is incredibly important to be open and accessible and treat people fairly and look them in the eye and tell them what is on your mind.
I've always believed that the best way you combat intellectual property theft is making a product available that is well priced, well timed to market, whether it's a movie product, TV product, music product, even theme-park product.
What I've really learned over time is that optimism is a very, very important part of leadership.
I never judge myself according to the expectations of others. I judge myself by the jobs I've been given over the years and by the extent to which I succeeded in those jobs.
I have tremendous brand experience. What I do a lot for Disney is manage the great brands of this company, whether it's Disney, ESPN, ABC, Pixar, Marvel, 'Star Wars.' And I'm very engaged in technology and its impact on the consumer, either what experience you deliver for them or how to market and sell to them.
Are there challenges? Absolutely. But in aggregate, this is a very strong and valuable company.
We really believe that Walt Disney is a very able company with great depth and a great set of franchises.
It's in our best interest to put some of the old rules aside and create new ones and follow the consumer - what the consumer wants and where the consumer wants to go.
We like the size of the company today given the environment and have no plans to split it up and make it smaller.
We're delighted to be working with Apple to offer fans a new and innovative way to experience our wildly popular shows.
I've certainly had a number of failures along the way, depending on my own instincts and creativity, some fairly celebrated, at least during their time.
It's not about how much you make: it's about how good the quality is. You'll be better off as a company making fewer things and concentrating on those and how you bring those to market... in a very less cluttered way, even though the marketplace is more cluttered.
Even though I started off being interested in news, and I spent 13 years of my career working in television sports, I always was passionate about television and movies.
When you run the Walt Disney Co., you gain a fair amount of experience in customer-facing businesses, particularly in site-based entertainment. I have a lot of experience in marketing, a lot of experience in selling, particularly tickets to site-based entertainment or movies or whatever.
I'm a big believer in investing for the long term, and the decisions you make shouldn't be made if the economy is good or bad at a specific time.
I'm not a big believer in second-guessing decisions.
You try things creatively all the time, and while you want every one of them to be great, and you set out to do that, that's not always going to end up being the case.
No one wants to follow a pessimist... You can be skeptical, you can be realistic, but you can't be cynical. If your boss is Eeyore, do you want to work with someone like that? Oh, bother.
I don't happen to believe, by the way, that immigration policies that single people out because of religion, for instance, are fair and just.
I can stand here today, look you in the face, and say I'm proud of the efforts of 'ABC News.' I respect 'ABC News.' And I believe they work very hard to present news in an extremely fair way.
We're privileged as citizens of the United States to live in a society where the press can act in an adversarial role in a number of different ways.
