American,Journalist
There are people who take rumors and embellish them in a way that can be devastating. And this pollution has to be eradicated by people in our business as best we can.
The central dilemma in journalism is that you don't know what you don't know.
Watergate provides a model case study of the interaction and powers of each of the branches of government. It also is a morality play with a sad and dramatic ending.
I have gone on the air and announced my telephone number at the Washington Post. I go into the night, talking to people, looking for things. The great dreaded thing every reporter lives with is what you don't know. The source you didn't go to. The phone call you didn't return.
I believe Watergate shows that the system did work. Particularly the Judiciary and the Congress, and ultimately an independent prosecutor working in the Executive Branch.
The fact of the Watergate cover-up is not nearly as interesting as the step into making the cover-up. And when you understand the step, you understand that Richard Nixon lied. That he was a criminal.
Many people have their reputations as reporters and analysts because they are on television, batting around conventional wisdom. A lot of these people have never reported a story.
It was accountability that Nixon feared.
The source known as Deep Throat provided a kind of road map through the scandal. His one consistent message was that the Watergate burglary was just the tip of the iceberg.
I have found people don't want to be told. That they can figure it out.
I suspect there have been a number of conspiracies that never were described or leaked out. But I suspect none of the magnitude and sweep of Watergate.
Lawyers didn't seriously get involved in the Watergate stories until quite late, when we realized we were on to something.
The failure of the system to deal quickly was attributable to Nixon's lying, stonewalling and refusal to come clean. So it took 26 months for the final truth to be known.
Nixon's grand mistake was his failure to understand that Americans are forgiving, and if he had admitted error early and apologized to the country, he would have escaped.
It would seem that the Watergate story from beginning to end could be used as a primer on the American political system.
Suppose Watergate had not been uncovered? I'd still be on the City Desk.
The number of illegal activities were so large that one was bound to come out and lead to the uncovering of the others. Nixon was too willing to use the power of government to settle scores and get even with enemies.
Nixon's attempts to order subversion of various departments was bound to come out in some form.
Newspapers that are truly independent, like The Washington Post, can still aggressively investigate anyone or anything with no holds barred.
Some newspapers have a hands-off policy on favored politicians. But it's generally very small newspapers or local TV stations.
If you interviewed 1,000 politicians and asked about whether the media's too soft or too hard, about 999 would say too hard.
I believe there's too little patience and context to many of the investigations I read or see on television.
I don't think there will ever be a permanent truce, but I believe the media needs to be more careful and be willing to count to 10 before rushing on the air or into print.
The cloud of doubt that surrounds political figures tends to remain and never dissipate or be clarified.
I gave my word that this source would not be identified unless he changed his mind. He has not.
A reporter's ability to keep the bond of confidentiality often enables him to learn the hidden or secret aspects of government.
I don't think voters give a hoot about the character of their political advisors, except to the extent that character reflects on the candidates.
When you hear in the tape recordings Nixon's own voice saying, We have to stonewall, We have to lie to the Grand Jury, We have to pay burglars a million dollars, it's all too clear the horror of what went on.
When you practice reporting for as long as I have, you keep yourself at a distance from True Believers. Either conservatives or liberals or Democrats or Republicans.
I don't think it's useful for somebody to argue with reviews.
The biggest rap on me is that I don't find a Watergate every couple of years. Well, Watergate was unique. It's not something Carl Bernstein, I, or the Washington Post caused.
We're not going to have another Watergate in our lifetime. I'm sure.
Because of Watergate in part, I am kind of a magnet for calls and information and suggestions.
There is a garbage culture out there, where we pour garbage on people. Then the pollsters run around and take a poll and say, do you smell anything?
I deal with first-hand sources. And give the people, even John Sununu, the opportunity to respond to what I've been told by first-hand sources.
People like to pigeonhole and say, Well, I'm a Washington insider, and you know, that's quite silly. What does that even mean?
I have written things that Republicans and Democrats and all kinds of figures have either hated or felt very uncomfortable about. Because in doing these long projects and books, you get close to the bone. And they're not calling me up and asking me for dinner.
Clinton... believes that the Washington Press Corps is so out of touch that it is absolutely inconceivable that reporters would understand the issues that people are really dealing with in their lives.
Clinton feels a profound alienation from the Washington culture here, and I happen to agree with him.
