American,Businesswoman
The most versatile lipstick you can own is a shade that's just a bit brighter than your natural lip color.
I've learned that I am allowed to say what I like and what I don't like. And I've learned that I have to be professional and not be everyone's best friend.
Every season has its lipstick trend, and just because your perfect color is a pinky beige, that doesn't mean you can't wear deep burgundy.
I don't believe any lip shade is off-limits, but texture is key. A sheer lipstick in a healthy pink or neutral color looks more polished and grown-up than a super-shiny gloss.
I don't relax very well, and I find it hard to sit still.
Personalized beauty is about each woman being able to create her own makeup routine that complements her coloring and style.
I won't usually make plans with people I don't know on Fridays because all I want to do is stick my hair in a ponytail and put on a big sweater, some tights and a pair of sneakers after a week working in the city.
The Lilac Rose Collection isn't just about purple. It features dusty pinks and heather grays, which are more natural shades of purple and are perfect for creating a feminine smoky eye.
So much of what I do is about inspiring and empowering women.
Eating right and exercising is more important than what you put on your face.
The best anti-aging product is a great, natural-looking hair color, especially when you're graying.
I used to think that if I didn't have time to do an hour long workout class, there wasn't any point in exercising. But now, I make sure to do a little something every day: a brisk walk for 10 minutes, climbing stairs instead of taking the elevator. Then a few times a week, I do a longer workout.
I never in a million years thought I would be the person to go to for self-esteem; that was not my intent. But I happen to love beauty, I love the way people look, and I love making women look beautiful.
I'm not really Type A, but A minus.
I love old funky things. Color just makes me happy, and things all lined up.
Nobody is the color of translucent powder. Instead, choose a powder that matches your skin tone.
After I brush on my moisturizer, I'll dip the same brush into foundation and mix it with the lotion to make tinted moisturizer.
Every business decision I ever made I learned from my grandfather Papa Sam. He moved here from Russia when he was a boy. He worked his way up selling newspapers and ladies' handbags, and eventually, he became Cadillac Sam, one of the biggest car dealers in Chicago.
My grandfather taught me how important it is to have your eyes open, because you never know what's going to come your way.
When I interview someone, I know in the first two minutes if I like them or not. I find that if it's easy to talk to someone and I see an openness and honesty and integrity, then I usually hire them.
I never learned management. I never went to business school. I'm an artist. I happened to have really clear ideas of what I thought my business should be.
I have high heels in my bags if I need them for a shoot. But I like sneakers. I like being comfortable. I like to sit on the floor with my team and work. I don't like to sit in fancy chairs. It's really important to the culture of my company that people understand who they're working for.
My weekends start at about 4 P.M. on Friday afternoon, when I let go of work and leave my colleagues to crawl through the rest of the day in our New York offices.
During the week my alarm wakes me up at 6 A.M., so the latest I can sleep on Saturdays is about 7 A.M.
I'm actually a ridiculously basic person when it comes to make-up, and I pretty much wear the same things I did when I started my company 22 years ago, apart from a few differently textured foundations.
Don't use your skin tone as a guide to choosing the color of your eye shadow. Rather, for everyday application, pick shades of shadow that bring out your eye color.
