American,Musician
It isn't true that you live only once. You only die once. You live lots of times, if you know how.
Any fool knows that bravado is always a cover-up for insecurity. That's the truth. And on that note, I'll say goodnight. God love you.
Who am I that I have to sing under an umbrella? These people are my fans, and if they can stand in the rain to hear me sing, I can stand in the rain.
My philosophy is to take one day at a time. I don't worry about the future. Tomorrow is even out of sight for me.
You're either sexy or you're not. I'm very self-conscious about my physiognomy.
My goal is to be remembered as a human being and as a great performer.
I don't know what it is to love the way they love-they would jump off a bridge for me. I can't do that. I can only say, I owe you.
I want to make it faster than anyone has ever made it before. I'd like to be a legend by the time I'm 25.
I am now a turtle. Virtually everything I own is on my back and suffice it to say I am one ton lighter and therefore 2,000 pounds happier. All houses are gone.
When I come out and sing the first few bars of Bill Bailey, it's very exciting.
This marriage is no one's business but our own.
There are certain times I don't want my picture taken. If my wife's stepping out of a car and it looks like it's going to come out an indecent picture, don't I have a right to object?
The sex element is the most important in the business. You must sell sex.
The Democratic Party of California is ready to sponsor me. All I have to do is find the right office to run for.
Sure my career means a hell of a lot, but it will never come before Sandy and my son.
Show me any top entertainer or top business executive, and I'll show you a guy who has mapped out his life from the very start.
Nearly everything I do is part of a master plan to make me the most important entertainer in the world.
My family comes first. Maybe that's what makes me different from other guys.
My entire life has been a lie.
Mr. Burns is a father symbol to me, and you can omit the word symbol.
Mr. Burns comes out and flips cigar ashes on his shoes, and makes up about 90 percent of what you hear.
Maybe I should quit the business. There's no one left for me to love. Mama's dead. Mr. Burns couldn't care less about me. What's left?
Just call me a family man and an actor who digs his whole scene, side interests and all. Just say I feel mighty good at the ripe old age of 27.
It was as though all my hostilities, anxieties, and conflicts were in one ball that was flying away into space, farther from me all the time, leaving me content with myself.
It happens to the best of them. You lay off singing and your throat gets out of practice. No excuses. I blew it.
If you don't try, if you don't do something for yourself, you won't get anywhere.
