American,Athlete
Scotland's a pretty place. I mean, as long as it ain't raining.
I ain't going to say everything I touch turns to gold or camouflage. I've got to work hard to keep what I've got. Nothing comes easy to me. It never has.
I played the mini-tours for a lot of years, and man, you see some weird things out there. There are a lot of desperate people, strange personalities and marginal players, and with that you're going to see some cheating.
The tour life is real tough on a marriage. To the young guy who is just getting his PGA Tour card and is in a serious relationship, my advice is to wait three years before getting married.
The gossip mill on tour is always turning. I have to be a little careful about what I tell guys who I don't consider close friends, because even though they might not spread it to other players, they'll usually tell their wives. And once the wives get it, it's gone.
There are some good teachers out there, but the only one who is a genius at diagnosing my swing is my mom. She took up golf late, when she was 39, but in her younger days, she was an amazing athlete. She never read an instruction book or took lessons, but she has a remarkable eye for motion.
We hunt in Florida, where I live in Jay. I hunt in Alabama a little bit, on my uncle's land. I go to Illinois and hunt with some friends up there. I hunt in Mississippi and Missouri.
I bow hunt and rifle hunt. It just all depends on where I'm at.
I shoot the same rifle I've shot since I killed my first deer with it when I was nine.
Why would you want to go all the way to Africa and shoot a giraffe? I don't think you can eat him. I only shoot stuff I can eat.
I grew up with both my parents around me at all times, but my kids are not knowing who I am half the time.
My main aim is getting set up so that when I do quit, I can step away and re-evaluate what I want to do in life. Do I want to get to 50 years old and come back? Or will I just want to go home and be fishing, hunting and working around the house?
I don't follow golf! I don't keep up with golf or know who is coming or going. I am just here to play the game and be done with it.
I enjoy coming to Scotland, and my favourite memory has to be my first Open at Carnoustie. Coming over from a small town and playing in something so big to golf and y'all.
As a kid, I really wasn't thinkin' about no golf.
I don't care much for the cities.
I'm not really a betting person. I work too hard for my money to give it away.
It's just golf. As long as I get done without breakin' somethin' or hurtin' somebody, that's my goal.
I enjoy the crowds. It's not that hard to talk to them, to have fun with them.
I just never did like school.
I thought I would just become a pro at a golf course.
I like rice, as long as they let me put my own stuff on it. You can bring me white rice or brown rice; just let me doctor it up.
