American,Businessman
Whether it's developers or industry veterans on the business side, top talent likes to work together.
When I saw how real virtual reality can be, and that we can replace human vision with virtual vision, this can be the ultimate platform.
I like to think of it as this new field. Instead of computer science, it's going to be virtual science.
Certainly, virtual reality headsets are behind in resolution, but it'll all catch up pretty quickly once there's a consumer market and there's demand.
You've got to stay super focused on shipping product. There isn't a version two or three if there isn't a great version one.
I think a lot of people have an idea of virtual reality from science fiction, books and movies that have been out over the last couple of decades.
We're finally going to be free of the 2D monitor. It's been a window into virtual reality that we've all looked into for 30 or 40 years.
Most big companies work in stealth until they think they have a consumer product ready to go.
When you put on the headset, you want to be tricked; you want your mind to believe you are actually teleported to this new virtual place.
At Oculus, we're now looking at eye specialists, people who really understand how the human eye works, and how that affects human emotion.
Replacing human vision is more than just a tool: we need to understand how that affects the brain.
Mobile VR will be a lot more accessible. It'll be easier to use; you'll be able to pass it along to your friends.
When Facebook acquired Oculus, the game changed immediately. You saw big companies jumping in. You saw people like Google getting fully committed, and then Microsoft came along with HoloLens - there was a lot of stuff that people were doing before, but now the space really ignited.
There are millions of sci-fi enthusiasts in the world, not just gamers.
The product cycle for the Oculus Rift will be between the rapid six-month cycle of cell-phones and the slower seven-year cycle of consoles. It's rare to see a phone not coming out every year.
Seeing other people is incredibly engaging, and that's one of the drivers that made us partner with Facebook - social communication. Not social newsfeeds, but actual face-to-face, seeing multiple avatars in a play experience, that's going to be a very big part of the future in VR.
If you don't have content, you don't sell hardware. We need a suite of content of really fun, compelling experiences that aren't just hardcore game-oriented, and when that's good enough, it'll be an easy decision to go to the consumer market.
Display companies, many of them that we've spoken to, are really excited about virtual reality because they're actually running out of innovation opportunities in other markets.
Essentially, we're always trying to reduce latency. As you try to reduce the latency of the experience, you can only get it down so far before we start running into the limitations of game engines, computing, the intensity of the experience you're trying to compute.
In real life, that's how we're moving around. We look at things while we're walking and moving and turning around. We stare at objects in the world.
A lot of times, the internal R&D doesn't pan out. You go down one route, you find that it doesn't work the way you planned, and you have to switch and go down another one.
Oculus is a company that often does things differently. But we don't want to do things so differently that we start to get into trouble.
I was born and raised in Maryland and attended the public school system.
It just felt like the right thing to do to give back to a state school and public school. I'm a really big fan of public education.
When people take off the headset, they immediately have a creative idea about what they can make in virtual reality, and a lot of them immediately want to get involved.
We've been working with Paul Bettner and the Playful team since the beginning of Oculus. Paul was one of, I think, seven $5,000 Kickstarter backers.
You put on this set of goggles, and within seconds, your brain is convinced you're now in a different, virtual environment. You're somewhere else, and that somewhere else may be a video game, it may be in a real-time movie, a museum exhibit, or a medical surgical training app.
There's going to be a lot of collaborative social experiences with Rift and Touch.
There's going to be all different price points, and you get what you pay for. There's certainly low things made of cardboard that you don't put on your head, you just hold up little viewers that give you this glimmer of what VR could be.
