American,Athlete
I'd rather be good than lucky.
I lead an introverted and boring life here in California.
All I want is the defining moment.
Due to the injuries that I will have for the rest of my life, it is physically impossible for me to consider any career in wrestling.
Football is so barbaric. Sometimes I wonder what I was thinking by playing it. I feel almost like I escaped from boot camp.
How hard could it be? Is it really going to hurt? You get into that deep well of emotion if you are by yourself. Why am I here? What's the point of going on? If I can't do what I want to do, then what's the point?
I actually was rebelling as all young adults tend to do at or around the age of 19, to experiment with their lives and have fun.
I deeply regret those situations that have blemished the image of the University of Oklahoma, and I hope that I can rectify the embarrassment I have brought the university.
I had sacrificed my entire life to play football.
I hate when people call me 'The Boz'.
I should hurt a lot more people than I do. I'd like to hurt someone on every play.
I'd like to improve on running plays. I want to see if I can hurt some more people. To me, I don't think I'm out there hurting enough people.
I'm a big fan of Coach Dorrell. I watched UCLA football for many, many years. I've grown accustomed to the Pac-10 style.
I'm moving to a point that I'm fed up with the N.C.A.A. dictation.
If you can miss getting up in the morning and running into a wall, I miss playing football. I'll never be a frustrated athlete.
In the middle of a play, I go crazy and don't realize what I'm doing. I'll snap back to reality and I realize, 'Hey, I just ripped that boy's helmet off,' or, 'I'm over here twisting this guy's knee.
Usually the films that I do are released theatrically in foreign markets. In the U.S., they're either picked up as HBO premier films or Showtime first-runs. In today's market, in America, you need at least $50 million for your budget to go to the big show, and I'm not quite there yet. But keep watching - maybe someday I will be.
People never understood that there was Brian and The Boz. They were two completely different people.
The sight of burnt orange makes me puke.
Wrestlers are a bunch of wanna-be football players.
When you're 20, we all make stupid and impulsive decisions.
The saddest day of my life was the day I didn't get to play football anymore.
