American,Actress
In terms of fashion, I love adding a fun scarf to whatever I'm wearing - it's a great way to dress up a plain outfit!
I'm prone to getting dark circles under my eyes when I'm tired, so I l use cover-up and instantly feel more confident.
People need to realize bullying has just as much of an impact online because words are so cutting and difficult to deal with.
I love Beyonce. She's so fierce. I also love Lily Allen, and she was an influence on my music.
My personal style is really different from 'Lemonade Mouth.'
I just want to get into the action. And voice-over work is all action.
I think it's awesome to be able to make people laugh.
Working on 'Good Luck Charlie' has been an awesome experience, and it's so crazy to build a fan base and have all those people tune into the show.
I really do love bluesy-jazzy music, so I love Etta James, B.B. King and Billie Holiday. I love that they have soul in their voices - I think that's something important is having.
I really do like Bruno Mars. I think he's very good. And I love Maroon 5.
I recommend doing some sort of acting class, something that can eventually get you in front of an agent or a manager, and practice is very important.
The biggest klutz would be myself, so if I could offer help to myself I would. I'm the most off my game most often.
Practicing going over scenes and in front of the camera just to see how that feels, and then ultimately just finding a way to expose yourself to people. That's what I did.
I enjoy going on hikes, and I enjoy the occasional yoga. The one thing I'm good at athletically - and I don't know if I'm good at it anymore because I haven't done this in a while - I can throw a pretty good spiral in football, but I have no idea how to play.
I did this one scene in an episode of 'General Hospital', and that was my first job down in L.A. It was, like, my second audition, and I was like, 'Woo! This is easy! This is fun!' That was a really cool moment for me.
I did this class when I first moved to California. It was a 'Kids on Camera' class up in the Bay Area. That was good for just getting me excited in acting and everything. Then once I started working down L.A., I just stuck to my acting coach, and she helps me prepare with auditions and that sort of thing.
I don't want to be one of those people that's constantly promoting myself on Twitter. I think the fun thing about Twitter is being able to share all the little random things that happen in my life.
I really like 'This Side of Paradise' by F. Scott Fitzgerald. I think it's a cool description of a character.
Being bullied is something I experienced in school, and it is not fun.
There's a reason why bullying takes such a strong form online. People don't have to push back as much as they would in real life.
I just want to challenge myself and play some different characters.
I love Cher Lloyd's music. I didn't actually hear her music as I was creating my own, but it's cool that we have styles that are considered to be similar.
I'm not Miley Cyrus. There may be some similarities, but I'm my own person.
I like to create.
I'm really passionate about music.
I want to make music that stands the test of time.
