American,Author
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
The greatest self is a peaceful smile, that always sees the world smiling back.
One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say.
The world is not fair, and often fools, cowards, liars and the selfish hide in high places.
Curiosity is one of the great secrets of happiness.
Materialism is an identity crisis.
Where wise actions are the fruit of life, wise discourse is the pollination.
Abundance is a process of letting go; that which is empty can receive.
It is better to have a meaningful life and make a difference than to merely have a long life.
Courteousness is consideration for others; politeness is the method used to deliver such considerations.
You reclaim your power by loving what you were once taught to hate.
Enthusiasm is the energy and force that builds literal momentum of the human soul and mind.
The folly of endless consumerism sends us on a wild goose-chase for happiness through materialism.
Join me in my quest for a greater understanding of our existence. Join me in my desire for a greater self. Join me as I seek the humility to love and understand my fellow man.
Creativity is the greatest expression of liberty.
Ambition is not what a man would do, but what a man does, for ambition without action is fantasy.
Seek goodness and be goodness. Seek beauty and be beauty. Seek love and be love.
Do not let your grand ambitions stand in the way of small but meaningful accomplishments.
Knowledge is that possession that no misfortune can destroy, no authority can revoke, and no enemy can control. This makes knowledge the greatest of all freedoms.
Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
Good manners are appreciated as much as bad manners are abhorred.
It is better to lose everything you have to keep the balance of justice level, than to live a life of petty privilege devoid of true freedom.
Comfort in expressing your emotions will allow you to share the best of yourself with others, but not being able to control your emotions will reveal your worst.
A mistake made by many people with great convictions is that they will let nothing stand in the way of their views, not even kindness.
No one is more insufferable than he who lacks basic courtesy.
An intelligent person is never afraid or ashamed to find errors in his understanding of things.
Suffering is one of life's great teachers.
True love is quiescent, except in the nascent moments of true humility.
In all known time there has never been a greater monster or miracle than the human being.
Self-made men often worship their creator.
The worst bullies you will ever encounter in your life are your own thoughts.
The ability to forgive is one of man's greatest achievements.
Don't make the mistake of thinking that you have to agree with people and their beliefs to defend them from injustice.
One of the most important things one can do in life is to brutally question every single thing you are taught.
Progress and healing involves seeing every person as not so different from ourselves.
A person who makes few mistakes makes little progress.
American society will never completely understand the true meaning of equality.
Architects of grandeur are often the master builders of disillusionment.
Birth and death; we all move between these two unknowns.
Callousness and insolence bring to bare unanimous social condemnation, while the simple efforts of politeness are admired; even in those who are otherwise despised.
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.
Death is the great hope of all life; the desire to expend itself; to be used and consumed by its own longing for itself.
Do not let your ambitions become a sanctuary for your failures.
Education should prepare our minds to use its own powers of reason and conception rather than filling it with the accumulated misconceptions of the past.
Fanatic is often the name given to people of action by people who are lazy.
Freedom is not a gift nor does it simply exist for us to have, but rather it is a sacred duty, and its blessed yield of hope is born from none other than the blood of the innocent.
He who is silent must be agreed with, for what shall the wings of opposition thresh upon, without the winds of conversation to shoulder them.
Human intelligence may not be the best trick nature has to offer.
I have never read for entertainment, but rather for understanding and to satisfy my eager curiosity.
If we fear the unknown then surely we fear ourselves.
In America, educators punish those who actually think for themselves. There is only acceptance for popular opinion.
In the company of the accomplished, people hope it will rub off on themselves, in the company of the misfortunate, they fear it!
It has been my experience that if we make the effort to listen to people when we meet them, and work to get to know them a little, it is then easy to find something likeable in practically anyone.
Many openly show discontentment with their looks, but few with their intelligence. I, however, assure you there are many more plain minds than faces.
Most people do not actually know how to think for themselves, and unfortunately that prevents them from even knowing it.
One column of truth cannot hold an institution of ideas from falling into ignorance. It is wiser that a person of prudence and purpose save his strength for battles that can be won.
Our understanding of the world around us is constantly being redefined and expanded, and so therefore, it is wiser to be passionate about seeking for truth than knowing it.
Remember that the greatest fool in the world may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
The common person fears to think beyond the common.
The greatest joys are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in what we hope for.
The realities of the world seldom measure up to the sublime designs of human imagination.
The secret to discovery is to never believe existing facts.
The talent of a true writer and poet is in the ear.
The test of a belief is not exclusively in the belief itself, but also in the intentions and actions of those who embrace it.
There are few surer ways to become disliked by men than to perform well where they have performed poorly.
There is little more powerful than when truth joins action.
Unfortunately, your reputation often rests not on your ability to do what you say, but rather on your ability to do what people expect.
Yearning for the seemingly impossible is the path to human progress.
You may find many contradictory statements and philosophies within my writings. However, to this I will say such is life, for life is full of contradictions.
The conflicts we have with the outside world are often conflicts we have within ourselves.
There is no happiness outside of ourselves.
When trying to teach someone a boundary, they learn less from the enforcement of the boundary and more from the way the boundary was established.
There is something greater than any nation; it is the spirit which created the nation.
Control thought-forms are the basis of our deepest moral crisis.
Like manchurian candidates, we have been made into manchurian consumers, who subconsciously buy when we are triggered by our brand masters.
The world is starving for original and decisive leadership.
The deceptive, glossy media images of faces, bodies and social lifestyles, make us hate ourselves so we will buy a solution to love ourselves once again.
We believe we are the consumers, but we are the consumed.
