American,Writer
I gotta admit, when you've been doing this a long time, going out to the audience and asking for them to help out with crowdfunding, it's a gut check. You never know how that's gonna turn out. Luckily for us, it turned out well.
To me, the machinima artform has essentially evolved now into the Let's Play streaming world. That's what it is: it's people performing and creating art using video games. It's just more personality-driven rather than story-driven these days.
The big difference between us and other people who produce content is that we started doing this to make things that we wanted to make.
Usually, YouTube channels are named after the person that you see on camera... or in the case of ours, it could have been the show, but we didn't even name the company 'Red vs. Blue.' We named it something else to give people the idea that we were going to be doing more than that.
Anybody who has traveled with a significant other before knows it's tough.
I feel like we always kept our core philosophy of making content that we would wanna watch, and there's definitely a different scale we are offering that at today.
I started one of the first online video companies way back in 2003.
The initial plan for Rooster Teeth is really different from the initial plan for the group, because we started as a group that was making one show: 'Red vs. Blue.'
We had seen the way the print industry had been disrupted; we'd seen how the audio industry got disrupted, so it just seemed like a natural progression that video was next. We thought we were late to the game in 2003.
When we first started, everything was animated, everything was comedy, and there was really nothing that was longer than about two minutes, because that's all audiences would watch.
People think that if you get a lot of views, the ad truck just shows up at your front door. That's just not true.
The moment we put up the PayPal button, some guy donated $300. That's when we realized that if you give somebody a chance to support something on the Internet, they'll do it.
If somebody's in the community doing cool stuff, we'll hire them.
We recognize that the whole world is kind of moving in this direction to digital distribution, but at the same time, there are still people who only watch movies in a movie theater, and there are some people who only watch certain programs on television or certain things on Netflix.
I think, ultimately, the story of Rooster Teeth is going to be one of longevity.
In the entertainment industry, careers don't last very long - and online, careers last an even shorter amount of time.
YouTube's algorithm doesn't know what's going on in the world.
Rooster Teeth has always had a big following in the gamer community, and we are lifelong gamers ourselves.
When Geoff Ramsey and Jack Pattillo started 'Achievement Hunter,' we expanded heavily into 'let's play'-style gaming videos and have since expanded with a massive roster of gaming talent and multiple channels dedicated just to gaming videos.
Flash Video made platform sites like YouTube possible as well, and helped kick-start the online video revolution.
We started about three years before YouTube existed, so we had to host all the videos on our own servers at a co-location facility. When we got so many hits on our first few videos, and we estimated our bandwidth bill was going to be about $12,000 a month, we knew that we had to establish a business model ASAP.
We've always had a roadmap to feature filmmaking, and making a feature film could have been three or four years away for us. But crowdfunding helped us get there in a year, and it allowed us to take a much bigger step.
We wanted to make movies back in college before Rooster Teeth. Our roots have always been in feature filmmaking, and we've always wanted to go back to it.
If we got $100 million dollars to make a movie, I don't know if we should be making a $100 million dollar movie our first time out.
The good thing about feature films is that the budgets tend to scale.
We started on April 1, 2003. So long ago, you couldn't watch video in a web browser; you had to watch it in a different player, like in Quicktime player or something like that.
