American,Musician
A really strong woman accepts the war she went through and is ennobled by her scars.
I just want to show off my scar proudly and not be afraid of it.
As a singer I tried on all these hats, these voices, these clothes, and eventually out came me.
I've gone through the village of my songwriting and my artistry, and I've gone through lots of different phases, including one where it has been very quiet and abandoned me for a few years.
You know when you take the paint off an old canvas and you discover that something's been painted underneath it? That's what I feel like - that part of the old is coming through the new.
Well, I tried to get a record deal in 1966 or '67, and everyone thought I was too eclectic.
Well, I make every song I sing personal. I've never chosen a song that wasn't.
The models for me were more the folk-rock singers of the '60s and '70s.
You usually can't tell what's inspiring until you look back on it.
You're lucky you had that when you were 20. I sure didn't. I was overweight, and I had acne.
No, because I've never really changed my style that much.
There was a French singer, Francoise Hardy - I used to look at her pictures and try to dress like her.
So I suppose this slightly mature fashion sense happened because of what I had.
My look was even more solidified when I started singing in Greenwich Village with my sister Lucy. We wore matching dresses as the Simon Sisters.
Sometimes, but the year I lived in France I started to write songs.
Sometimes my boyfriend would write the lyrics and I would write the melody, and other times I would start from scratch. Or sometimes I would take a local poem and put that to music.
Then I went through a big Peggy Lee stage, then I became Annie Ross, then Judy Collins.
My father was a classical pianist, and my mother was a singer of just about everything.
We went to see all the shows. American musical theater and jazz were very big.
But when we listened to the radio, it was Bill Haley and the Comets or the Everly Brothers.
I always sang standards because the songs I wrote for myself weren't as easy to sing.
I'm still more comfortable with standards than with my own songs.
It didn't matter as much because I'm a singer, not an actress, but my face is more acceptable in a way now than when I first came on the scene, because I'm part black.
No, because I was always nervous about being onstage.
I had this terrible stammer, so I couldn't really speak properly until I was 16 or 17.
I remember being onstage once when I didn't have fear: I got so scared I didn't have fear that it brought on an anxiety attack.
