American,Musician
My husband and I are best of friends first and foremost. We fight like cats and dogs, but never stay mad for long. I was lucky to find him, he is in every way, my soulmate.
I have willpower and determination. I am very resilient, like rock.
There's a huge emotional component to weight loss.
The most important thing I think we need to remember is that we're a work in progress. Do not be ashamed or afraid to ask for help. That's what I did. I asked for help.
I don't know how to relax, that's my problem.
Medication can help us live a happier life.
It's not just being overweight that's dangerous. Stress is dangerous.
Life presents itself in constantly changing ways, but you're able to accept the challenges, rather than recoil, throw up your hands, and go on a binge.
Certain foods no longer agree with me. If I eat French fries, I might feel sick to my stomach.
The surgery will always be a huge part of my life. I'm going to need to help people with weight problems for the rest of my life so that I can maintain my weight.
I started to put on weight when I was about four and a half and it got really bad when I was around nine. I ballooned. I was about 110 pounds.
When my work gets crazy, I make sure to always have vitamins, water and proper food with me. That has helped me to lose 33 pounds.
I'm a working mother... You try to pay the bills, you try to keep your life going and there's pressure.
I decided that it's either, you know, if I want to have children, have a family and - and live a long life, I've got to make some real, real serious changes.
I started doing yoga.
The evening is really hard for me. I have to force myself not to eat.
I am always cautious.
I don't want to become a diabetic.
Becoming famous is a strange thing in your own right.
I have a real issue with radio these days. I just am not into the current music.
I wish I had more time to read. I do love books.
I am stuck in the 70's. I can't seem to get away from that era.
I understand that I'm a role model.
I have a child to feed and a spirit that can't be crushed, so I'm able to move ahead.
Was I a perfect gastric-bypass patient? Yes. Was I a perfect gastric-bypass pregnant woman? No. I made a decision to enjoy my pregnancy... So sue me!
My fat cells have a memory like Einstein! I'm proof that surgery is not a magic potion. There are many ways to sabotage it.
I've had so much stress in the last year so it's really a struggle. I never hide, when I walk down the street, someone's going to take my picture, that's what I look like.
I always think I am one of the millions and millions of people that struggles with an addiction to food. I don't know how to relax, that's my problem.
I'm definitely up in weight. I'm looking forward to getting an exercise routine again. It's like a daily decision.
I mean, moderation, not deprivation. That's my new way of living.
I always want more, and that's just my life.
We need to eat and enjoy it but control it. That's what I do now.
If I'm known as the girl that lost weight and it's been six years later and I've still kept off the 110 pounds, God bless. Because I never kept off 100 pounds before in my life.
