American,Athlete
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.
All blame is a waste of time. No matter how much fault you find with another, and regardless of how much you blame him, it will not change you. The only thing blame does is to keep the focus off you when you are looking for... reasons to explain your unhappiness or frustration.
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
The trick is growing up without growing old.
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided.
Without losers, where would the winners be?
There are three things you can do in a baseball game. You can win, or you can lose, or it can rain.
The secret of successful managing is to keep the five guys who hate you away from the four guys who haven't made up their minds.
Never make predictions, especially about the future.
Sure I played, did you think I was born at the age of 70 sitting in a dugout trying to manage guys like you?
If we're going to win the pennant, we've got to start thinking we're not as good as we think we are.
I got players with bad watches - they can't tell midnight from noon.
Managing is getting paid for home runs that someone else hits.
They told me my services were no longer desired because they wanted to put in a youth program as an advance way of keeping the club going. I'll never make the mistake of being seventy again.
You have to have a catcher because if you don't you're likely to have a lot of passed balls.
Oldtimers, weekends, and airplane landings are alike. If you can walk away from them, they're successful.
You gotta learn that if you don't get it by midnight, chances are you ain't gonna get it, and if you do, it ain't worth it.
When you are younger you get blamed for crimes you never committed and when you're older you begin to get credit for virtues you never possessed. It evens itself out.
Being with a woman all night never hurt no professional baseball player. It's staying up all night looking for a woman that does him in.
Son, we'd like to keep you around this season but we're going to try and win a pennant.
You have to go broke three times to learn how to make a living.
I was not successful as a ball player, as it was a game of skill.
They say some of my stars drink whiskey, but I have found that ones who drink milkshakes don't win many ball games.
The team has come along slow but fast.
Good pitching will always stop good hitting and vice-versa.
Don't drink in the hotel bar, that's where I do my drinking.
I've tried to give a dollar and 25 cents in work for every dollar paid me.
Everybody line up alphabetically according to your height.
