American,Actor
I should remember more, and I have a pretty good memory.
We Latins make splendid lovers and splendid older men.
Bugsy Siegel. The mobster with the beautiful blue eyes.
That is perceptive of you, because in this country men dancers have always been viewed with suspicion. If you were an actor, a star, and a dancer, you had to be, or have a name like someone 'mainstream.'
They say the camera never lies. It lies every day.
When someone's acting for a scene, they can fool the camera. But in everyday life, unless you're watching and censoring yourself every minute, or spending all your time in the company of ladies, what you feel is bound to show in your eyes.
Sometimes, I wonder what I'm doing here.
I know Raft did have some genuine affairs with actresses.
The make up took about an hour to put on, but the wig was a thing that bothered me more than anything else.
They would glue the wig to the front of my forehead, and after a while it would give me a headache.
We had plenty of clothes and no money.
If my father's business hadn't gone broke, I'd be exporting nuts, bolts and sugar machinery right now. What an awful thought!
I'm 86 and my doctor used to tell me to slow down - at least he did until he dropped dead.
I can't date women my own age any more - I hate going to cemeteries.
George Murphy tagged that name 'Butch' on me years ago. We were all at a party and he went around tagging names on people that didn't fit them.
I'm satisfied to go in at the bottom - that's the best way to learn what things are all about.
I was wearing corn plasters above and below my toes and taping my ankles twice.
It's a new town. The old elegance is gone. It used to be one big family, this industry.
You knew everybody at all the studios and you saw them often.
Now I don't know half of the young people in the industry. It's too spread out, too diffuse.
If you can believe it, Hollywood wanted to change my birthdate. I was born after Valentine's Day, so they wanted to change it to February 14. A Latin lover should be born on Valentine's Day. I said no.
Valentino was apparently gay or bisexual. And his two lesbian wives. But without any question, he had sex with men. From choice. So he was one or the other.
George Raft may or may not have gone both ways, but he was very sensitive to what they said about him, and it was one factor why he decided to play all those gangsters in the movies.
Due to a big bust in Cuba, my father's business suffered badly, so I was free to choose my own career. I became a professional dancer, and I went on the road and started making real money.
Because of my age and because there's more work on the small screen. What it's missing in quality it makes up for in quantity. From an actor's selfish point of view.
Everybody in Hollywood was in Around the World in 80 Days. If you weren't, you left town and made up an excuse.
