American,Model
Accept yourself, love yourself.
Don't be afraid to express yourself through fashion!
Five years from now I see myself still working hard to get where I want to be, because I think big.
A good night's sleep is always the best way to wake up and go to work.
My taste in music originates from my culture and heritage, and from traveling the world and listening to all kinds of fun sounds and bits.
You learn to be comfortable in your own skin, and your body changes throughout life, so you can't sweat the small stuff.
I'm grateful to look the way I do. However, if I could change anything, I would like to be a bit bigger all over. Not much - just a bit.
I don't want to be known as the black model. I want to be recognized as Chanel Iman, a personality.
At the end of the day, I feel like I have no one to blame but myself if I'm not satisfied with how I look on the runway.
Honestly, I try to forget Fashion Week once it's over. I just want to go home and rest and just forget I even did it. It could drive you crazy! It's just show after show after show, and you're missing your family and they feel really far away. You don't go to sleep. You work for a month.
I always take my time when picking out outfits at home, but I will say I can change pretty quick when I'm in a hurry.
Music is everything to me. I wake up and go to bed with it. I listen to all genres, depending on my mood.
We always had 'Vogue' in our house. But, when I was around 12, my Mom finally took me seriously about modeling and put a stack of magazines in front of me, then told me to study all the poses. The ones I loved the most were in 'Vogue.'
I have had the privilege of working with the best in the business, from photographers to designers to magazines. There's not much more to ask for but I'm still looking forward to one day working with photographers Mert and Marcus, Tim Walker and Nick Knight.
No babies for me until I'm in my 30s! I'm focused on my career right now. I can't even take care of my dog.
It takes time to be who you really want to be. It doesn't happen overnight.
I am comfortable with my body and embrace who I am. I love to work it.
I'm my own person, and I want people to know me for who I am.
I'm really into natural and organic products.
I don't get facials. The last time I got a facial was when I first started modeling when I was 15 or 16. It made my face completely break out.
I'm really focused when I'm working out, so I don't really listen to music. I like to listen to music after, because it's like, 'Yeah! I finished! Let's party!'
Let me say this: I think men are a full-time job, and I'm young and I already have one job. I'm just focused on my career.
I don't like to fly. What's it called when the plane shakes? Turbulence, takeoffs... I grab my chair, close my eyes, count to 30, breathe, and pray.
Mostly I'm proud to be an African-American woman, but I'm glad I have a universal look as well.
I drink a lot of protein shakes and do a lot of weight lifting.
I want to do television, film, music and designing. I want to do it all!
