American,Athlete
Sometimes that light at the end of the tunnel is a train.
I'm not paid to be a role model, parents should be role models.
These are my new shoes. They're good shoes. They won't make you rich like me, they won't make you rebound like me, they definitely won't make you handsome like me. They'll only make you have shoes like me. That's it.
I don't care what people think. people are stupid.
My family got all over me because they said Bush is only for the rich people. Then I reminded them, 'Hey, I'm rich'.
My initial response was to sue her for defamation of character, but then I realized that I had no character.
The only difference between a good shot and a bad shot is if it goes in or not.
I think anybody who is racist is an idiot whether they are black or white.
If I weren't earning $3 million a year to dunk a basketball, most people on the street would run in the other direction if they saw me coming.
This place? Nothing positive. OK, I want to say something positive. It's positively a dump.
One thing about being famous is the people around you, you pay all their bills so they very rarely disagree with you because they want you to pick up the check.
The main thing to do is relax and let your talent do the work.
We don't need refs, but I guess white guys need something to do.
I'm not a role model... Just because I dunk a basketball doesn't mean I should raise your kids.
Poor people cannot rely on the government to come to help you in times of need. You have to get your education. Then nobody can control your destiny.
Kids are great. That's one of the best things about our business, all the kids you get to meet. It's a shame they have to grow up to be regular people and come to the games and call you names.
I'm no role model.
I don't know what that gas is made of, but it can't smell any worse than Ernie Johnson 's gym bag.
I'm a mad dog whose only concern is winning.
It ain't like we're curing cancer or anything, we're watching basketball.
You know it's going to hell when the best rapper out there is white and the best golfer is black.
Somebody hits me, I'm going to hit him back. Even if it does look like he hasn't eaten in a while.
I think that the team that wins game five will win the series. Unless we lose game five.
I love New York City; I've got a gun.
I know I'm never as good or bad as one single performance. I've never believed in my critics or my worshippers, and I've always been able to leave the game at the arena.
I know that I'm never as good or bad as any single performance. I've never believed my critics or my worshippers, and I've always been able to leave the game at the arena.
