American,Author
Gay rights is just one of the social issues I'm interested in. I think that people might be less tense about it if we would all accept the fact that not everyone is wired the same way.
If I quit having fun, then it's time for me to quit working.
Silver, gold - I don't discriminate! I like sparkly things.
I don't write the kind of 'happily ever after' that romance readers enjoy.
People are really interested in the concept of eternal youth in this plastic-surgery culture.
Well, you know, writers just suck up new experiences - we're just like the vacuum cleaners of newness.
I believe if you write a great book, the chances are it'll get a great reception.
If it pleases you and you can write at all, it's gonna please somebody else.
The Sookie Stackhouse novels were selling well before the TV show, but the TV show led to a lot more exposure and readers. And a lot went on to read my other work. It was a wonderful thing for my bank account.
I'm looking forward to coming to SleuthFest I've heard so many good things about it from my writer friends. I'm looking forward to seeing my buddies and talking to readers who want to know about the way I work.
I've often wished when I started a book I knew what was going to happen. I talked to writers who write 80-page outlines, and I'm just in awe of that.
I certainly think we're going to see more and more graphic novels and more illustrated novels.
I like the cerebral process.
Very few of my characters are totally heroic or totally villainous.
Episcopalians are pretty thin on the ground in the central United States.
Most of the books that feature supernatural characters blending with the modern world and are usually set in big cities.
For any writers at all, read everything you can and then put your butt in the chair and write. That's all there is to it.
Yes, I'm happy with Alan Ball's production of my novels.
I like sparkly things.
No, I won't ever write another 'Lily Bard.' I said everything I had to say about Lily.
I try very hard to write the best book I possibly can, every time.
I freely admit I know nothing about television or writing for the screen.
I've written a lot of books now; I've been published for over 30 years. I hope with every book I learn something new, and with every new novel I try to improve the process of writing.
America is obsessed with youth. We all want to look young forever, and vampires do. They are caught in their prime, if that's when they've been turned. And they'll be that way forever.
I'm a middle-class former housewife who goes to my daughter's softball games.
