American,Actor
Just get a bag and drop a dream in it, and you'll be surprised what happens.
The thing that's funny is that everyone thinks I'm dead.
It's fun to get a message on the phone service that Lucille Ball or Burt Reynolds called, and play it very blase by asking, 'Anyone else?'
I live at the dentist's. I'm on my third set of teeth that they put in with nails and screws.
Everyone should have hair. When you get dressed up, you must do that last whip of hair spray, or life's not worth living.
If I make $30,000 a month, I'll spend $29,999. I tell friends, 'Oh, you need money to go to college?' I'm a little crazy, but the backwash is heaven.
When I die, it's going to read, 'Game Show Fixture Passes Away.' Nothing about the theater, or Tony Awards, or Emmys. But it doesn't bother me.
You can't do anything else once you do game shows. You have no career.
The favorite thing I like to do is nothing. I'm such an expert at doing nothing. I have a boat. I make training films for the Coast Guard. I listen to a great deal of opera.
If you ever get injured or have an asthma attack, the last words you get out are, 'Sammy Davis suite, please.' That's, like, three rooms on the eighth floor of Cedars-Sinai.
My friends are very rich. Elizabeth Taylor sends flowers the size of the bathtub. I'm not kidding.
I was 24 yesterday. Suddenly you wake up, and you get on the elevator, and there's a mirror there. And you look in the mirror, and you're an old man.
A voice in my head tells me that I'm at the twilight of an extraordinary life. I say extraordinary because of the people who have loved me. I say twilight because of what people say to me in the supermarket.
Opera is full of trappings that make us go away from being human. You can't let them do that. You can't walk like you're in an opera! You have to make it real. You have to just be there.
If you're entering a room for the first time, do it the way you would in life - look around; see how they have the furniture arranged. If your character is meeting another character for the first time, meet them the way you would in life.
Capricorns like to stay in one place. I have to go to work in places like New York, but basically, I don't want to go anywhere. One time, I got a trip around the world for doing something on television, and the travel agent was so excited, I gave her the tickets.
Because I was an only child, I don't like many people around, and that's why I don't have any servants.
