American,Lawyer
If you love the rule of law, you must love it in all of its applications. You cannot only love it when it provides the verdict you seek; you must love it when the verdict goes against you as well.
We cannot uphold the rule of law only when it is consistent with our beliefs. We must uphold it even when it protects behavior that we don't like or is unattractive or is not admirable or that might even be hurtful.
There are fewer people living in tents, more people with access to quality health care, more kids who are in school, and for the first time in a long, long time, Haiti is attracting private sector investments.
I have incredibly positive associations with the military.
I actually think, as unusual as it might sound, that working in the White House is an extraordinary life.
The foundation of the house of civil rights is in the voices of all the great civil rights leaders and the soul of every person who heard them. It's in the hands of every person who folded a leaflet for change, and it's in the courage of every person who changed.
My actual passion is getting things done.
Each country has to decide how to best engage their own citizens and their own policy environment to ensure they can produce the food they need.
It's been interesting for me because when I served in government before, I served in the White House. This time, I ended up serving in an agency, and it just made me respect and admire how much happens and that happens every day with people who don't even know all the work that's going on.
My typical paradigm is that I do believe in public service. My father's a military man. He really does always speak about the fact that there is actually nothing more valuable that you can do than actually to serve your country. And I buy that.
I try to understand the rules and follow them. And I try to make sure that I'm disclosing my obligations.
I think I would just want to say that I do view serving in government as an honor, and I do view it as a responsibility.
I feel a special connection to Haiti and the Haitian people.
The power of Haitian heritage and the strength of the Haitian people is tremendous. And Haiti holds a unique and rich role in the history of African Americans.
Oxygen was a good fit of values, and I liked the idea of being able to communicate with women.
I really want women to appreciate their power. It was obvious to me that lots of people are comfortable with power, and they see what it can do, but women's expression of it was never as comprehensive as it could be. It seemed like an amazing gift that Oxygen could give.
My goal was never to withhold information; my goal was to make sure everything was accurate, and frequently it wasn't.
I will always love the law; no matter what, I'll always find ways to participate in the law.
Women are not only deciding the outcome of elections, they serve as important role models for their daughters and other young women - they hold a key to expanding the way in which women value and experience politics.
Women need to become conscious of the impact that their attitudes and actions can have on future generations of voters and politicians.
