American,Model
My biggest goal in life is to not be annoying about being a bride.
I love dress shopping, and I love talking about the wedding food. That's what makes me happy.
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.
I tweet from bed. I love it because it's so quick. And it's funny. But it also leaves a lot of room for error because new people don't sense the sarcasm - there's no sarcasm font.
I feel badly for those girls who have to be so waif thin, doing those catwalks all the time because, luckily, we're going into a different time - that's what they're saying, at least - in we're appreciating a curvier figure. But to be honest, I couldn't be like an hourglass if I tried.
I've tweeted incessantly about Nintendo and my love for Nintendo for a long time.
My mother's from Thailand, and they're very strict about girls in bikinis, but I would love to do a shoot in the floating market in Thailand.
I did not grow up with a spatula in my hand. I didn't even cook that much in high school. I was busy being a teenager and doing everything that goes along with that.
I can cook really complicated recipes, but it takes a real talent to do the perfect egg.
I love eating sushi and eating raw and clean - no pasta and bread. Low carbs is what works for me.
Food is really important to me.
'Sports Illustrated' does extremely minimal retouching. Other publications, however... phew. They do a lot; I've watched myself be Photoshopped before. It. Is. The. Worst.
I act much younger than I am.
I'm not good at taking pictures. I can't give a good face. I crack up.
I have to have breakfast, and breakfast has to be eggs, whether in omelet form, hard-boiled, or over-easy.
I love green juices - the ones that include lots of actual greens and don't include too much apple. Because those are just meant to be yummy, and we all know things that are too yummy aren't the best for us, unfortunately.
Seaweed sheets are my go-to for my salty chip cravings, especially wasabi flavored ones.
I love sashimi, mainly tuna sashimi. I will buy six pieces or so a day and just snack on them. Sometimes I wrap them up in my mini seaweed sheets.
I can't swim, and I actually hate sand.
My tolerance for tears is very little when you're beautiful and crying over nothing.
I don't like trainers, because we distract each other. We talk too much, and I get too friendly. I prefer classes instead. I love Physique 57.
So many models have cool boyfriends.
Blogs are evil. Actually, the blogs aren't as evil as blog comments.
A supermodel is kind of that first-name recognition, but I'm not quite ready for that super part yet, and I'm afraid that by the time I am, I'm going to be too old anyway.
It's funny because I want my teeth to be, like, neon 'Real Housewives' white, but mine have stopped taking to teeth whitening. When I talk to my dentist, I'm like, 'They can be that white,' and he's like, 'Veneers can be that white.'
I've noticed that maybe my skin isn't as soft as it used to be when I was a younger. It's just not there anymore. I travel so much, and my skin gets so dry.
