American,Writer
The fascination for me is searching the unknown for a mystery.
I like snappy dialogue and short descriptions and lots of action.
I was the kid who stared out the window. I fantasized myself on the deck of pirate ships - Cussler at the bridge.
I'm always interested in something that's missing.
I collect vintage cars, so you always find them in my books.
My forte is the plotting. You sit down, and you work out a plot.
When I type 'The End,' it's like being paroled from prison.
A lot of people don't understand why I'm not out diving for treasure.
They screwed up 'Raise the Titanic!' so badly, I stay away from Hollywood. I won't cheat my readers with another piece of crap.
If it ain't fun, it ain't worth doing.
When I first started writing, I was in advertising at the time, I was doing most of my writing on weekends. I had studied most of the other series heroes and I figured it would be fun for mine to be different and put him in and around water. So I dreamed up Dirk Pitt.
She had the kids during the day and I would have them at night. That way they were never alone. I would put the kids to bed, and then I had nothing to do and nobody to talk to, so I would write.
My friends joke that I raised the Titanic and never left the Rockies.
When I was in the military, I socked away $100 every month. When I was discharged in 1954, I got home at 5 A.M. By 10 A.M., I was pulling out of a foreign car dealership in Pasadena in a new Jaguar XK120.
If you are a writer, Saturday and Sunday don't mean anything.
I don't like interior decorating. It looks gorgeous, but it doesn't have that lived-in look.
It's a quirk of mine; I love neat garages.
Shipwrecks are incredible mysteries.
I'd give my left arm for the Merrimack.
I'm not a great writer of literature. I'm an entertainer.
There's a little bit of Pitt in everybody.
They botched 'Raise the Titanic' so badly that I waited 20 years to do it again.
People have said I belong in a rubber room because I look for wrecks, and when I find them, I just do a survey. I don't look for treasure or artifacts.
I am not like Stephen King, who writes one book, then writes another. I finish a book and go off and... look for wrecks. Then, six months later, I might start another book.
Matthew's all right. Originally, I wanted Errol Flynn, but McConaughey should be good as Dirk Pitt.
There's no literary merit in my books.
I've always liked Mexican food.
NUMA is basically trying to preserve our maritime heritage by finding lost shipwrecks of historical significance before they are gone.
I honestly thought I probably did sell 100 million books. That doesn't seem out of the ordinary to me.
Some men play golf. I've got this crazy thing about maintaining our nation's maritime heritage.
I almost write to formula, because there's a historical beginning, then the plots get convoluted.
I was always a history buff.
I can appreciate other writers' works.
I have a large collection of town cars because when I was just a snipe in the gutter, growing up in Los Angeles, a town car drove by. I remember running in the house to get my mother so she could see it. It was utterly magnificent.
I was driving by an auto auction one day, and they were auctioning off a beautiful Hispano-Suiza. I started bidding even though I hadn't even signed up with the officials. The last bid was $50,000, and it was mine. And I thought, 'My God, what have I done? I've never spent more than $500 in my life.' That was the first one.
I'd heard about a shipwreck that was never found - John Paul Jones' Bonhomme Richard. So I thought, 'Well, I'll go look for it.'
When we find a ship, we turn it over to the state or federal government. It's purely historical. I've never made a dime on any of it.
If you have some natural talent and really want to write, you should read the books of someone who's very successful in your genre. You don't want to plagiarize, but you want to learn from that author.
I love doing the research for the novels. For me, the writing is hard work.
I get up in the morning, get to the office, and write until about six o'clock in the evening.
My son's name is Dirk - I named Dirk Pitt after him when he was about three years old.
I suppose, because I've been able to make a very good living writing books, that going out and finding another million dollars under the sea is not the fascination. The fascination is in finding the ship.
I've always been a Civil War buff. In fact, the ships that always fascinated me the most were the ironclads, because they were the start of an era.
I was born about 80 years too late. If you were a kid in 1910, the Fourth of July was a big deal. You knew all about the Revolution, and you still had Civil War veterans.
If I were to say I'm looking for treasure, people would come up with the money. When I say I'm looking for a historic wreck, they're not interested.
