American,Activist
When I was 15, I decided I wanted to be a lawyer. No one thought this was a good idea.
In high school, I won a prize for an essay on tuberculosis. When I got through writing the essay, I was sure I had the disease.
Lack of encouragement never deterred me. I was the kind of person who would not be put down.
The legal difference between the sit-ins and the Freedom Riders was significant.
I never thought I would live long enough to see the legal profession change to the extent it has.
Whites would rather not be involved in race matters, I think.
When Thurgood Marshall became a lawyer, race relations in the United States were particularly bad.
We knew then what we know now; only exemplary blacks are acceptable.
We Americans entered a new phase in our history - the era of integration - in 1954.
We African Americans have now spent the major part of the 20th Century battling racism.
Too many whites still see blacks as a group apart.
Today's white majority is largely silent about the race question.
There is no longer a single common impediment to blacks emerging in this society.
There appears to be no limit as to how far the women's revolution will take us.
The women's rights movement of the 1970s had not yet emerged; except for Bella Abzug, I had no women supporters.
The middle class, in the white population, encompasses a wide swath.
The last state to admit a black student to the college level was South Carolina.
The fact is that racism, despite all the doomsayers, has diminished.
The Constitution, as originally drawn, made no reference to the fact that all Americans wre considered equal members of society.
The black population now consists of two distinct classes-the middle class and the poor.
Sexism, like racism, goes with us into the next century. I see class warfare as overshadowing both.
New Orleans may well have been the most liberal Deep South city in 1954 because of its large Creole population, the influence of the French, and its cosmopolitan atmosphere.
My parents never told us that our great-grandmothers had been slaves.
My father kept his distance from working-class American blacks.
Living at the YMCA in Harlem dramatically broadened my view of the world.
King thought he understood the white Southerner, having been born and reared in Georgia and trained a theologian.
