American,Activist
The greatness of a community is most accurately measured by the compassionate actions of its members.
As one whose husband and mother-in-law have died the victims of murder and assassination, I stand firmly and unequivocally opposed to the death penalty for those convicted of capital offenses... An evil deed is not redeemed by an evil deed of retaliation.
My story is a freedom song of struggle. It is about finding one's purpose, how to overcome fear and to stand up for causes bigger than one's self.
Struggle is a never ending process. Freedom is never really won, you earn it and win it in every generation.
Revenge and retaliation always perpetuate the cycle of anger, fear and violence.
When fear rushed in, I learned how to hear my heart racing but refused to allow my feelings to sway me. That resilience came from my family. It flowed through our bloodline.
Homophobia is like racism and anti-Semitism and other forms of bigotry in that it seeks to dehumanize a large group of people, to deny their humanity, their dignity and personhood.
Something is wrong that we have to feed so many. Why should there be poverty with all of our science and technology? There is no deficit in human resources - it is a deficit in human will.
I believe that women know if their husbands are unfaithful. They feel it.
To abandon affirmative action is to say there is nothing more to be done about discrimination.
Hate is too great a burden to bear. It injures the hater more than it injures the hated.
Non-violence is a permanent attitude we bring to the breakfast table and bring to bed at night.
If you use weapons of war to bring about peace, you're going to have more war and destruction.
Women, if the soul of the nation is to be saved, I believe that you must become its soul.
The woman power of this nation can be the power which makes us whole and heals the rotten community, now so shattered by war and poverty and racism. I have great faith in the power of women who will dedicate themselves whole-heartedly to the task of remaking our society.
There is no reason why a nation as rich as ours should be blighted by poverty, disease, and illiteracy.
While not a panacea for the nation's illegal immigration problems, employer sanctions are one necessary means of stopping the exploitation of vulnerable workers and the undercutting of American jobs and living standards.
Marrying Martin and the movement perfected my journey of discovery, soothed my yearning to pour out the values and vision within my soul.
On Thanksgiving Night, 1942, when I was fifteen years old, white racists burned our house to the ground.
Just be what you are. And I try to be my best self and be what I am and knowing what I am and be satisfied with that. And if people don't know it, maybe they'll eventually know it.
The failure to invest in youth reflects a lack of compassion and a colossal failure of common sense.
Freedom and justice cannot be parceled out in pieces to suit political convenience. I don't believe you can stand for freedom for one group of people and deny it to others.
Civil rights leaders, including my husband and Albert Turner, have fought long and hard to achieve free and unfettered access to the ballot box. Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to serve as a federal judge.
Nonviolence is the only credible response to the violence we're seeing around the world.
I can't help but believe that at some time in the not-too-distant future, there is going to be another movement to change these systemic conditions of poverty, injustice, and violence in people's lives. That is where we've got to go, and it is going to be a struggle.
I am scared that if Ronald Reagan gets into office, we are going to see more of the Ku Klux Klan and a resurgence of the Nazi Party.
Nonviolence would work today, it would work 2,000 years from now, it would work 5,000 years from now.
You have to have people who prick the consciences of the nation.
A vote for George Wallace is a vote for the past and oppression.
I feel George Wallace symbolizes something in the past which America has rejected.
Like Gandhi, my husband had struggled with the issue of materialism.
I suppose I experienced the personal dilemma that baffles every working woman. What happens when you are expected to be Superwoman, to perform a dozen conflicting tasks at the same time?
Justice is never advanced in the taking of a human life.
During the bus boycott, I was tested by fire, and I came to understand that I was not a breakable crystal figurine.
What most did not understand then was that I was not only married to the man I loved, but I was also married to the movement that I loved.
Wherever there was injustice, war, discrimination against women, gays and the disadvantaged, I did my best to show up and exert moral persuasion.
Before I was married to Martin and became a King, I was a proud Scott, shaped by my mother's discernment and my father's strength.
Knowing what I know now, if I could have chosen parents, I would have chosen exactly the ones God selected for me.
Scandal sells books; fidelity does not.
People don't ever have to starve to death; there are solutions. We have failed if we can't eradicate hunger in Africa and Ethiopia.
Sometimes, I am also identified as a civil rights leader or a human rights activist. I would also like to be thought of as a complex, three-dimensional, flesh-and-blood human being with a rich storehouse of experiences, much like everyone else, yet unique in my own way, much like everyone else.
