American,Novelist
If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future.
Sometimes, if you aren't sure about something, you just have to jump off the bridge and grow your wings on the way down.
People have entire relationships via text message now, but I am not partial to texting. I need context, nuance and the warmth and tone that can only come from a human voice.
Lust is temporary, romance can be nice, but love is the most important thing of all. Because without love, lust and romance will always be short-lived.
A bad review is like baking a cake with all the best ingredients and having someone sit on it.
Perfume is like a personal signature, which is why I like to mix my own. For years I've paired Femme by Rochas with Shalimar and love the results.
I wish I were brave, although I try. I work too hard and don't play enough. Too much work ethic, not enough 'fun'.
If you can see the magic in a fairytale, you can face the future.
I'm not an aging gracefully type. But I do believe in aging with grace.
I like summer. I like warmer weather and long days. I'm one of those silly people who still enjoy lying in the sun - my children are horrified!
I believe in love at first sight for houses - but not for people.
People are much more inclined to believe and say bad things about you if you're famous.
The usual way - through a long series of rejections, revising my manuscripts, and kept trying again and again. Finally I was fortunate enough to find a good agent.
The records of adopted children are sealed in California. That seal is considered inviolable... The judge ruled that, because I was famous, he didn't have the same rights as other kids.
My kids are more precious to me than anything. I'm with them all day, and I write all night.
My early reviews were so bad that I decided I didn't want to read them again.
It's hard being visible, so I've made myself invisible.
It's difficult to talk to people... I walk into a room and I'm Danielle Steel, and whatever I say is going to be taken apart.
In my late teenage years, I developed a real passion for it, and wrote a lot of poetry.
I've shut myself inside these walls, and I'm going to be a very lonely old lady if I'm not careful.
I'm astonished by my success. I wrote because I needed to and wanted to. It never occurred to me that I'd become famous.
I wrote because I needed to and wanted to. It never occurred to me that I'd become famous.
I try to write about the stuff that torments us all.
I try to give people hope. Even though life is bleak, there's hope out there.
I think I'm very real as a person, and that comes across in my work.
I studied literature design and fashion design.
