American,Actor
I've always enjoyed fashion and dressing up for things, whether it's high fashion or play fashion.
I remember seeing 'Aladdin' when I was five or six and loving it. I looked at the big screen and said to my mum, 'Whatever this Genie guy does, I want to do.' Mum said I couldn't be a genie, but that Robin Williams, who did the voice-over in the film, was an actor. So I said, 'OK, then, I want to be an actor.'
I'm like any other composer. If you give me five years to write a symphony, I'm still going to be asking for more time two days before it's due.
I'm in a real minority as far as having really supportive parents in regards to the arts. They never batted an eye as far as not letting me do that stuff. That's invaluable. I can't believe how unabashedly supportive they were about everything, between music and acting.
I don't take breaks, man, I'm always doing something.
When you're an artist, you have to hope for everything and expect nothing.
I'm always just waiting for someone to cut me off; I'm a chatty guy.
Fashion is about owning whatever you're wearing, regardless of if it's a high fashion statement or not.
I always make time for the things that are important to me.
As a musician, I hear the harmonic value of everything - I just enjoy music.
As an actor it's your job to empathise with your character regardless of whether they have a different sexual orientation, spiritual beliefs, or anything.
For me, I think everybody with half a heart tries to do their best to do their part of good during the holiday season.
I always shoot for the moon in my work, so that I'm happy when I land on the roof.
I have an unabashed adoration of cheesy pop music.
When I'm in the U.K. I find myself using a lot of Britishisms.
I'd like to be writing songs for other people - I just like writing songs.
When I play live in restaurants and cafes, I don't play my own stuff. I play jazz and 'American Songbook' standards, and I'll fuse it with top 40.
I'm incredibly anal about everything that I do.
When I was in college, I was in the theater department, which for anyone who has been involved in any kind of theater program, you know that it's really wacky and tight-knit, a real family. Me and my good friends from college would do random shows and plays that were sometimes serious, but most of the time really goofy and funny.
I was inadvertently raised in the 'gay community.' I had straight parents, but I spent massive amounts of time at a very early age with gay, theater-hopeful thirty-somethings.
I'm not a mean person.
We are a categorically obsessed culture, where we have to compartmentalize everything in reference to another thing, like, 'What does it sound like? Does it sound like this?'
I believe singing should be like being an actor. People shouldn't have any problem buying an actor being in a comedy or a drama or a horror film. That should be the same way with music.
The cool thing about music is no one can take music away from you, writing wise.
I never let my politics supersede my manners.
Hollywood is a strange, strange thing. I feel like I've been invited to a very exclusive ball and I'm just trying to make nice with everybody and hope that if they kick me out they'll at least give me a ride home.
