American,Politician
I've always been fond of the saying that when it comes to oversight and reform, the federal government does two things well: nothing and overreact.
The American people do not want ambassadorships or any other position handed out to save a party money.
Some people say that watching pay freezes in the government is like watching water freeze. It expands.
Every ISP is being attacked, maliciously both from in the United States and outside of the United States, by those who want to invade people's privacy. But more importantly they want to take control of computers, they want to hack them, they want to steal information.
You can call me a pain. I'll accept that as a compliment.
It's very simple. If the American people care about a lot of things including corruption in government, then, in fact, if you use the power to appoint in order to do political business, to clear fields, to save your party money and so on, if it's not a crime - and I believe it is - it certainly is business as usual, politics of corruption.
Every one of our congressional offices, every day, is under attack.
Every portal coming into this country is being attacked by those who would harvest information, both national security secrets and just the common information of private individuals and private individuals. That crime is going on, every day, on a single entity known as the Internet.
Cleveland's a great place when you're a kid. You hardly ever get sunburned, without the sun shining.
If there was a blog with five listeners or viewers, I had to be on it. Now I have to be on fewer media, but more substantive media.
Everyone has a past.
I don't recall having a gun. I really don't. I don't think I ever pulled a gun on anyone in my life.
Some people want to amass a great amount of wealth and make a great looking obituary. I'm going to die with more money than is good to leave my son.
I have an I.Q. of 100 plus a little bit. I have to work real hard to get things when I read.
Peace in Palestine is inevitable. The question is how do we make it happen today.
Like most Americans, I hope and wish is that there is a peaceful resolution to the Middle East conflict. Unfortunately, there are extremists on both sides who oppose a peaceful resolution and instead choose violence.
In America, we're trying to find a peaceful solution in the Middle East and we're not going to be divided along any lines, including religious lines, including ethnic backgrounds.
My father and all my uncles on both sides served in the military in World War II and Korea.
The debate on how to shrink the federal government is at the core of our problem of government not doing its job.
Remember, America's greatness is based on creating wealth like the rest of the world has never known, and then, making sure it's shared throughout a middle class and even the underprivileged.
Bureaucracies tend to grow and to brag about their growth based on how many individuals they have and how much money they spend.
I've said my patience is not infinite.
I don't need to be looking at every failure of government, I need to be looking where failure of government needs reform.
Too often, a problem is allowed to fester until it reaches a crisis point... and the American people are left asking the question: what went wrong and why?
You want to toe the line with tough investigations without falling into political grandstanding inherent in Washington on both sides of the aisle.
Well, I'm going to try to make a real difference in Washington's spending patterns.
