American,Director
I do love my hometown. It really forged who I am in a major way.
Every 'Star Wars' film was about pushing what was possible in terms of effects, puppets, matte paintings, stop motion and, now, digitally.
Everything that I've worked on at Lucasfilm has been considered canon.
I have an amazing education through my wife on female fans and perspectives on it. Things that I never would have thought of.
It's a real challenge to have someone perform a character vs. imitate a character.
Sometimes a villain is very quiet - it makes them more deadly, more intellectual.
I would think, as an artist, it's inescapable that you'll be affected by the world around you.
Just getting to meet George Lucas was pretty amazing, and then working with him and getting to be part of this process... it's a great responsibility.
I loved 'Robotech' as a kid; I think that's pretty widely known.
I think what we find, especially with the kids that grew up with 'Clone Wars,' when they're of the age where they're like, 'I want to revisit that stuff,' who knows what format they're going to watch it on.
Animation in itself has so many different looks and styles and possibilities.
I think, sometimes with fans, what a lot of studios miss is it's just the gesture: it's the idea of knowing that they do matter, that we do care about what they think.
There were a lot of great memories around 'Star Wars.' It was a foundation - probably for my interest in movies.
I love the place 'Clone Wars' has on Netflix; it's very accessible, and I think it's great.
Projects you think are no-brainers stall, and other things see the light of day. You never count anything out.
You know, 'Star Wars' - even when it gets dark, it comes back to the light - it makes you feel good. I think families enjoy watching it and sharing in it.
As the director, to have the opportunity to work with actors of the calibre of David Oyelewo is just fantastic and special.
'Star Wars' is just a special story.
When you're afraid, you look to amass power to defend yourself, not realizing that can also be corrupting.
I think why people relate to 'Star Wars' is George Lucas is so brilliant at telling these stories that we relate to, but in such a fantastic environment with fantastic characters and things you want to believe in this story.
All animation is a tremendous amount of work, but when you put 'Star Wars' on the top of something, there's already this bar that people are going to put on it.
You read in any war stories - World War II, whatever - that there are many, many heroes. There are the main stories you always hear about, but there are all these other little people that did things that were very important that we don't always know about.
Pressure, to me, was creating a 'Star Wars' film, then sitting alone in a theater with George Lucas and showing it to him, the guy that created the word 'Wookiee' and R2-D2. That was pressure.
Frankly, it was only after 'Clone Wars' got cancelled that there seemed to be this universal love-fest from fans.
I think that everyone would agree that something that Marvel has done brilliantly is weave comedy into all of their action movies.
I've worked hard, for sure, but like anything, it takes a lot of luck and being in the right place at the right time, and then making the most of the opportunity.
