American,Celebrity
Liza, I love you more than any words can say. You have made me a complete person. You are everything to me. And I cannot think of living life without you. And I love you forever.
She got the magazine on a Wednesday morning, and on Thursday announced our marriage was over.
She bit my bodyguard. She bit him in the stomach.
If you're a man, you don't have to worry about your manliness.
I knew I couldn't solve it. Because I couldn't figure out what made her drink when things were going well.
I did try to leave, and she came running after me.
I'm into women. I've always loved women.
It looks like I'm this huge shark going in for the kill... I don't know what I was thinking.
I don't have to announce all the women I've slept with.
She'd hit me before but never over and over and over and over into the head.
But I thought love would more than prevail.
Yeah, she was hitting me hard. She was drunk and she was hitting me hard.
I can help a lot of other people who've gone through the same thing by building a center that will help men and women who don't have the funds to take care of themselves and get the medical treatment.
And Michael likes to read a lot. People don't realize that about him but he reads a number of books per week and he's fascinated just about every subject.
It was a real rough year and a half. I was getting 80 shots every four weeks.
I'm really excited that I'm able to work again.
I know he was definitely beaten by her. I saw it many times. But we had a different way of dealing with her. He'd let her have more and more booze until she passed out.
If I wanted to be famous, I could have been famous before.
I was already set for life when I met her.
On stage, don't go near her. She's the best performer in the world.
But when alcohol comes in, start running. Because there's a demon there, and it goes back to her childhood.
I was naive enough to think that I could make the difference.
She just kept hitting me in the head with her fists, over, and over and over.
No one should have to live like that when they've done only good things for the person.
I didn't really feel I was being hurt, but you could feel it.
But she told me she was never going to drink again.
