American,Entertainer
But as they say about sharks, it's not the ones you see that you have to worry about, it's the ones you don't see.
I just believe that the feeling of wonder is amazing. I am pushing myself as far as I can humanly push myself... I can only hope for the best and expect the worse.
Magic's an art where you use slight of hand or illusion to create wonder. And I was just intrigued with that idea.
I hope people remember me as a guy who brought magic to the people. You know, pushed the boundaries of wonder.
Whether you're shuffling a deck of cards or holding your breath, magic is pretty simple: It comes down to training, practice, and experimentation, followed up by ridiculous pursuit and relentless perseverance.
I believe that fear of life brings a greater fear of death.
I was obsessed with the idea of fasting and isolation.
In truth, the only restrictions on our capacity to astonish ourselves and each other are imposed by our own minds.
My mother was a teacher, and when she wanted to show me art and literature and science, she'd take me to museums, parks and free exhibitions.
We are all capable of infinitely more than we believe.
I remember finding a Houdini book at the library and seeing an image of him chained on the side of a building. He looked so intense and scary, and I couldn't get that image out of my head. That started building up my love of magic.
I remember my mother had this deck of cards that her mother had given her and that she passed on to me. It was a gypsy tarot deck that I used to carry everywhere.
I think everything I do is normal, not paranormal but normal. It's using the power of the mind to achieve whatever we can endure.
I have not had time to reflect on my own truths in many years.
I'd like to bring magic back to the place it used to be 100 years ago.
I'd always wanted to do these types of things - pieces of magic I could put out not as illusions, but really doing it.
I thought instead of burying myself under dirt, I'd bury myself under water so everybody could see that you're there.
My mother encouraged it so much. She was so supportive. Even if as a kid, I would do the dumbest trick, which now that I look back on some things, she would love it, she would say that's amazing, or if I'd make the ugliest drawing, she would hang it up. She was amazing.
Well, I also love magic, which is, you know, different than showmanship. Magic's an art where you use slight of hand or illusion to create wonder.
I think magic, whether I'm holding my breath or shuffling a deck of cards, is pretty simple. It's practice, it's training, and it's - It's practice, it's training and experimenting, while pushing through the pain to be the best that I can be.
As a kid, I always was obsessed with Houdini.
My only fear is the unknown.
I do a lot of research on what people have done in the past.
I think anybody can do any of these if they train. I don't recommend it, but anybody could do it if there was a need.
I think great whites are the most beautiful and perfect creatures I've ever seen.
I'd go to Coney Island to hang out, and I saw a magician doing a rope trick on the boardwalk. I was fascinated. I guess that's how it started.
