American,Actor
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.
I wish to spend my life's twilight being just who I am. I could claim noble reasons as coming out in order to move gay rights forward, but I must admit it is for far more selfish reasons. Now is the time I wish to find someone, and I do not desire to force any potential partner to live a life of extreme discretion with me.
Fun can happen on the interior. Nobody knows about it, but there are fireworks going on inside your spirit when you hear a great orchestra playing great music.
I'd forgotten I'd done the anime called Spirited Away, the English version of a Japanese film.
My father, who died a few years ago, was a good, simple, very honest man. His faith and affection for his family was just unassailable, without question.
I am not a long-run actor. I admire actors who can do that.
The ebulliently sharp mind of 'White Christmas' director Walter Bobbie made me tremble and strive in the same breath. The deceptively 'simple' dialogue of David Ives, asking every actor to just. say. it. Float it on the breeze; it doesn't need 'explanation,' just energy and truth.
People are nice enough, but you can hear the giant tick of the second hand. People are so harried.
In television you go in with this operating system that it is a crapshoot.
A lot affects the outcome. It boils down to scheduling and the commitment of the network.
If it's right and true, it's listened to and accommodated.
Very often, I don't make it through moments of recording because it is genuinely funny and absolutely ridiculous that a 60-year-old grown man is making these noises.
High school music teachers... nobody makes a living off it.
I will never master this craft. Orchestras are very, very forthcoming with me.
Because I don't take money, I'll go anywhere and do a benefit concert with almost any orchestra.
I love pulling people into concert halls who might not otherwise go and getting their ears tuned.
Something happens to us all when we experience something as a unit that doesn't occur when we're on our couches or holding our little portable DVD players.
Kids now are so used to surround sound and the power in theater speakers, that the concert hall is a disappointment to them.
What we have to get clear to kids is that when you offer your stillness and open yourself to the experience of music, it pays you back more than you give.
You hear the same work by different orchestras, different conductors, violinists, pianists, singers, and slowly, the work reveals itself and begins to live deeper in you.
We lament the speed of our society and the lack of depth and the nature of disposable information.
I am certainly not a mainstream religious man.
Very often when I go in to meet for movies or pilots, I'm put on videotape. I hate the notion that that tape is going to sit on a shelf and never get better.
Every time I hear, Cut. Print, something cold and electrical goes off in my head, because I'm never going to change that film.
I had a meeting in LA in which they took a really overstuffed hour and a half. It was as close to old Hollywood as I remembered it in the last 20 years.
It's rare to be treated like a friend you haven't met in a Hollywood meeting.
