American,Actor
I had a handle on satisfaction, and I loved my career, but I didn't really know what happiness was. So I started on this quest to have a happy life.
My first Broadway show was with Elizabeth Taylor and Maureen Stapleton. Maureen Stapleton, a legend in the theatre; Elizabeth Taylor, a legend, period.
I've done a lot of things with theater that I'm very, very proud of.
'Breaking Away' was a great experience. It's the kind of movie that engenders a lot of goodwill from people.
A script arrived, and on the front cover - scrawled really big, as if it were a book report - is 'Django Unchained, written by Quentin Tarantino.' And I thought, 'Well, no art department came up with this; this is Quentin's writing.'
I've had a 'Zelig'-like career. I pop up unexpectedly. I'm always kind of around.
It would be a dream come true to appear on Turner Classic Movies with Robert Osborne, who is one of my heroes.
I guess once you've seen Uma Thurman beaten up endlessly in the 'Kill Bill' movies, you think, 'If Uma can take it, what's the matter with me?'
Character actors have a long shelf life.
The cult of celebrity turned me off, and when the opportunities came along for me to play different characters, that's what I went for rather than the safe choices.
I always think that people who are - maybe 'insane' is too strong a word, but there's more of a spiritual connection. Sometimes they can see below the surface.
I don't know why every actor doesn't do more plays.
You don't get paid a whole lot for theatre, but you know, I feel more like, 'Where could I buy this experience, and how much would it cost? Who else would give me this kind of focus and put me in a room with this kind of talent?'
I have my opinions about the way my father was. But they are my opinions, not necessarily the truth, and they are certainly not the whole spectrum of what this man was going through. It's my young, selfish interpretation of that person.
There's no really signature Leo DiCaprio role, like Jack Nicholson is Jack Nicholson no matter what movie he's in.
I've done three Broadway shows; once the curtain goes up, that's it. I mean, you prepare and you rehearse like crazy, but after opening night, the director's not there anymore, you know. He gives you notes during previews after each performance, but opening night, you're on your own.
I've had the good fortune of working with some amazing people. I mean, my first Broadway show was with Elizabeth Taylor and Maureen Stapleton. Maureen Stapleton, a legend in the theatre; Elizabeth Taylor, a legend, period.
There are always leading characters. There are always complex characters; there are very rewarding plays with great directors and tremendous playwrights, yeah. I've done a lot of things with theater that I'm very, very proud of.
There were two things I wanted to be: an actor and a hippie.
One of my best friends, Stephen Sprouse, Bill Dugan, and I worked designing clothes, doing every conceivable thing. New York was a really intoxicating period for me, literally and figuratively. There was a lot of overlap with Andy Warhol, Studio 54, and Halston.
I'd always keep going back to the acting. Once the rent was paid, and the phone bill, the next money you had was for acting classes.
I had a bike as a kid, and when I worked in Manhattan - I had a 10-speed - I rode from downtown to 68th and Madison for my day job. I knew about fighting traffic, but nothing about racing.
'Breaking Away' was a great experience. It's the kind of movie that engenders a lot of goodwill from people. It's a movie that they cherish. and I feel very welcomed and accepted by people because of that.
I'm not getting involved in sports anymore, except on film. I'm not agile unless a camera's going.
The secret is that I am Italian.
Work has been my lover - I've shied away from any commitments.
