American,Actor
You pray for rain, you gotta deal with the mud too. That's a part of it.
I think a role model is a mentor - someone you see on a daily basis, and you learn from them.
Man gives you the award but God gives you the reward.
I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you're prepared for it.
I'm very proud to be black, but black is not all I am. That's my cultural historical background, my genetic makeup, but it's not all of who I am nor is it the basis from which I answer every question.
My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace.
I'd be more frightened by not using whatever abilities I'd been given. I'd be more frightened by procrastination and laziness.
If I am a cup maker, I'm interested in making the best cup I possibly can. My effort goes into that cup, not what people think about it.
I'm not a film buff. I don't watch a lot of movies.
I never really had the classic struggle. I had faith.
When I was a child I thought I saw an angel. It had wings and kinda looked like my sister. I opened the door so some light could come into the room, and it sort of faded away. My mother said it was probably my Guardian Angel.
My mother used to tell me man gives the award, God gives the reward. I don't need another plaque.
If you have an enemy, then learn and know your enemy, don't just be mad at him or her.
I work hard for the audience. It's entertainment. I don't need validation.
My ultimate life dream project is my kids. My family.
You have to grab moments when they happen. I like to improvise and ad lib.
If you don't trust the pilot, don't go.
The time to worrying about flying is when you're on the ground. When you're up in the air, it's too late. No point in worrying about it then.
I made a commitment to completely cut out drinking and anything that might hamper me from getting my mind and body together. And the floodgates of goodness have opened upon me - spiritually and financially.
Black or white good parts are hard to come by. A good actor with a good opportunity has a shot; without the opportunity it doesn't matter how good you are.
I don't concern myself with award. I'd been to the party enough times to know it really didn't matter.
Where I think the most work needs to be done is behind the camera, not in front of it.
The last few years I've been saying I was ready to quit. It wasn't that interesting to me. Now that I'm directing, it's all new again.
In any profession it gets to be a grind.
I've been fortunate. I don't pick scripts. Scripts pick me.
I and haven't been unemployed for 20 years. I'm an exception to the rule.
