American,Athlete
I've discovered new parts of my manhood, places I couldn't get to without loving someone else unconditionally and putting others before myself.
Fatherhood will put a man through a lot, but it's a tremendous job, the best in the world - even better than playing basketball.
I would venture to guess that if I was a construction worker... who requested a transfer to another department for the betterment of his family, I would be commended for it. But because it's sports, there's just so much passion added to it.
Life for me outweighs the game of basketball.
I don't know how many people feel strongly about what I do.
You know, I have a responsibility to my team that if I'm going to be on the floor, then I have to make a difference.
I have people that I'm close to that give me things to read throughout the season, and in particular in the playoffs and the postseason.
You have to work hard at things.
My parents didn't have the opportunities that my wife and I have now, from a quality of life standpoint.
My character has always been important to me. That was the one thing that I knew, no matter what, I had to hold that strong.
The source of my power and strength is God, and I know it, without a shadow of a doubt.
Nothing means more to me than helping my team win.
I'm not chasing money, so I'm not looking at just trying to stretch out a deal artificially just to have a certain number.
Teams are often pretty clear about what they can do or are willing to do.
I don't feel like basketball is the only way to make a living.
I feel like I'm capable of doing so many things to help people around the country and the world.
I am not a passenger in anything I do.
I am and always will be a leader.
With my responsibilities comes having to manage my time more efficiently.
I really have to make sure that I'm staying true to who I am, and that I know my responsibilities to current N.B.A. players, to future N.B.A. players, to our past and retired N.B.A. Players.
Nothing prepares a family for having multiple children at once.
Basketball used to be my top priority.
