American,Actress
I am my father's daughter: I have his language, his expressions.
Definitely, I have a New York personality.
I'm a slob. I live in sweatpants and workout clothes.
I work out. I eat great. I'm in shape.
My mother used to ask me to stay home from school and keep her company. I'd fake I was sick, and she'd fake believing me.
I kept turning down roles because I knew I just wasn't ready for them.
I sure don't miss going out on auditions!
I started acting as a way to support myself.
I'm clean and sober.
I'd grown up in a production company, but discovering the importance of the work, I realized I had something to bring here.
I remember unbelievable tension in our home. There were lots of meetings, lots of worries. I remember my father told me I had to be careful of what I said on the phone because it was tapped. And I remember how his friends adored and revered him.
I wanted to direct more than I wanted to act. And I found I couldn't do everything.
I'm an entertainer: I want to make people laugh, cry. I want to move them.
I don't understand people who want to leave a good job. To me, without being terribly judgmental, those are people who haven't gone through their stint of being out of work for long periods of time.
Once you have been hot and cold, you get real appreciative when you got a place to go every day with decent material, a paycheck to come in, and nice people to work with.
I found out my limit. I'm not a singer and a dancer.
I've always dated hunks.
Mother was so good that I was defeated even before I started to be an actress. I thought I could never make it unless I spent years in the Actors Studios, went on the blacklist and lived in New York, as she did.
I think that from 15 to, like, 18, I went through a very rough time. Something basically everyone goes through in those years - not knowing what you're going to do.
I happen to think, really, that I'm good at what I do.
My mother is a hardcore actor's actor. She's not a celebrity. She really isn't... And so her main concern was that I not fall into the auditioning-is-my-life syndrome.
When I like myself, which is not too often, but when I do like myself on film, it's when I point, and I go, 'Look what she did! She did the funniest thing - look at her!' Where I can really separate back from it and I don't see me anymore, then I'm really excited. That's, like, really fun for me. That jazzes me.
