American,Musician
Crying is cleansing. There's a reason for tears, happiness or sadness.
I still have some very dear friends from school, and we get together whenever possible.
My motto in life is 'If you think it, you can do it' and if we all apply that thought we can end hunger the world over.
There was a time in the marriage when I could no longer look at myself in a mirror, couldn't feel I was a nice person. A bad relationship can do that, can make you doubt everything good you ever felt about yourself.
I have no desire to look back, I only want to look forward to the things that are still ahead of me.
It is frustrating to be a Black woman in the entertainment industry.
My self-imposed mandate is to be the voice for the voiceless.
A case of can't do with, can't do without, that's why I married him again.
I am an outspoken person. I believe in what I say.
I treat others exactly the way I want to be treated.
Do you know that other than my father, I've never had a man take care of me?
The music for me is paradise. I think it's where God lives.
Healthy children are born from healthy, respected, well-nourished and educated mothers and it is imperative that they have a voice in the decisions which affect them. If you empower a mother and let her have her say towards a poverty-free future, the positive impact this would have on ending hunger will be immense.
Dust does rise, doesn't it? And so can I.
I often feel the need of a man to take care of me, even though I can certainly take care of myself.
I'm not psychic myself.
Linda Georgian is a wonderful psychic. She can do amazing things.
Man will never understand woman and vice versa. We are oil and water. An equal level can never be maintained, as one will always excel where the other doesn't, and that breeds resentment.
My parents gave me stability and a belief in myself and in all the possibilities life has to offer. I was told the only limitations I would ever face were those I placed upon myself.
Years ago I learned to be totally responsible for Dionne Warwick. I will not wait for opportunities. I will create them.
My songs are like my children. I love every single one of them.
I like Brazilians and I like their values. They believe in family.
I first came to Brazil in the Sixties. Then I started coming back every year since touring most of the country. I grew to love it, the people, the music. I thought this is where I belong. I've been living in Brazil for the past 23 years. I call it my stress-free country.
People have been so supportive of this career for so long, and they are still enjoying the music that I bring to them.
I look at the careers of people I'm standing on the shoulders of. People like Lena Horne, Ella Fitzgerald, Sammy Davis Jr., and Sarah Vaughan. These are icons I wanted to emulate, and I feel like they've been holding me up for quite a long time.
I love what I do. I was given the most incredible gift that can be given to anyone. I could never imagine a world without music, and I feel grateful that I've been given the ability to share that.
