American,Actor
There is a divine moment in our lives when we all become one. It's called procreation, and it is reborn, continually and forever.
Change is good. And in fact unavoidable.
I write from the same place I parent, and since becoming a single parent, I have found it difficult, if not impossible, to write anything of length.
It is a good motive, fame and money, as it is tangible and measurable. Being an artist is neither measurable nor tangible and certainly not a way to become rich.
Children... are our legacy. Our responsibility. They are our destiny and we are theirs. The extent to which we fail as parents, we fail as God's children.
I am very abnormal... But it wasn't very long ago that I wasn't so abnormal. I was very normal and headed for a lifetime of paying medical bills as proof of my normalcy.
Hollywood... a city I was to come back to time and again, in sickness and in health, in success and in failure, with anticipation and with dread.
Time is money, as they say, and it was never more apropos than on a television show, where a minute is worth about $200!
Movies are movies, television is television.
The space genre is timeless.
I never get involved with the ladies I work with.
I can still fit into my Battlestar Galactica costume!
We are all vegetarians here, and except for a mountain lion that's been hanging around and killed our dog, we don't have a care in the world.
You can't leave civilization behind entirely.
I believe that the first 8 years are most important and the time in a child's life when parents must be absolutely and completely present.
Children who cling to parents or who don't want to leave home are stunted in their emotional, psychological growth.
Life: my favorite occupation.
The best things in life are usually difficult.
In many ways I wish I wasn't an actor dragging around the baggage from being one so that I could just devote my energies to encouraging people to find their true selves.
I am very willing to share whatever I know or feel I know about finding some serenity in this lifetime.
Harrison Ford was pretty content as a carpenter who thought it would be nice to work on TV and ended up being the biggest film star in the history of cinema.
Be very clear as to what your dream is. Nowadays it is fairly certain that 90 percent of all actors really just want to be rich and famous as the solution to all that ails.
I wanted to be Anthony Hopkins and ended up being neither a film star nor having a career on the stage.
It is all about marketing; that is where the real craft comes in. The best actors do not necessarily become the biggest stars. And vice versa.
From Fred Astaire I learned discipline and hard work.
From dear, dear Gloria Swanson, I learned how to live long, happy and free of health problems. I owe her my life.
