American,Musician
I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me.
I'm a blessing to whoever gets to really know me.
Anything that's not positive, I don't have the energy to focus on it. Anything that's not going in the right direction, I don't have the time or the energy.
It's a waste of energy to think about what somebody else is doing and how they doing it. I'ma just do what I do.
I know I may have done some bad things, but I'm not a bad person.
The truth doesn't change. It was the same when Moses got the Ten Commandments as it is today. That's the thing about the truth. That's the thing about real. It doesn't change and it doesn't have to change. Now you can put it in a different book, but it's still real. It's still the truth.
I been the same dude my whole life.
I'm not going to disrespect you, don't disrespect me.
You can't speak for the people unless you're able to walk amongst the people. And how many of these rappers out here actually hang out with regular people?
You can't call any one person the devil. Because no one person has the power to be the devil.
My relationship with God has gotten so much stronger. He's always had his hand on me. He always guided me. I didn't always go where he wanted me to go. But He always had me. Now that I'm actually listening and being obedient, life is so much better.
Every day, I get closer to God. Every day, my will to do the right thing gets stronger.
There's a difference between violence and senseless violence.
Do dirt, get dirt. So I treat people with the same respect that I want.
I don't like anything about Drake.
I'm a King. Regardless of what I've been through and what I've done, I present myself as a King. And I get that respect from people, from everybody I deal with. I worked my whole life to establish that respect and make sure I get that respect.
When I was a kid, nobody in my family had a car. And I didn't have many toys. The only toys I had were the ones I would steal.
I can reach people the average person can't reach because I'm as grounded as I am.
Somebody's upset with every movie.
One thing about being a celebrity that I learned a long time ago was that I pretty much gave up the right to fair treatment.
When you happy, you get locked in sleep. You get sleepy happy. I always wanna be on point. I always wanna be aware.
I'm not the mixtape guy who's gonna put out a new one every month. I'm gonna allow my albums to marinate and resonate and whatever type of 'ates' they can do. I'm gonna let my music grow on them.
A lot of artists that I've met let me know they're huge fans of mine.
An important and fundamental premise of the American judicial system is the presumption of innocence, that is until proven guilty.
Columbia tried to put me behind other groups, so I didn't wanna wait, they let me out of the contract and I'm glad they did.
The day I will never forget is the day I married my wife, Tashera. Tashera is so special to my boys and me. Her energy is enough to put anyone on a cloud. Her dedication and care gives me comfort and ease.
