American,Musician
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen.
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
I thank God for my failures. Maybe not at the time but after some reflection. I never feel like a failure just because something I tried has failed.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
I wanted to write a book that talked about the emotions of children, which is the rainbow. We all have moods. We talk about being blue when we're sad, and being yellow when we're cowards, and when we're mad, we're red.
No matter what, I always make it home for Christmas. I love to go to my Tennessee Mountain Home and invite all of my nieces and nephews and their spouses and kids and do what we all like to do - eat, laugh, trade presents and just enjoy each other... and sometimes I even dress up like Santa Claus!
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Find out who you are. And do it on purpose.
I was born with a happy heart, and I try to keep a good attitude. It's not true that I'm happy all the time because nobody is, and we all go through our things.
The only way I'd be caught without makeup is if my radio fell in the bathtub while I was taking a bath and electrocuted me and I was in between makeup at home. I hope my husband would slap a little lipstick on me before he took me to the morgue.
I love traveling all over the world; but it's true: there's nothing like home.
You can be rich in spirit, kindness, love and all those things that you can't put a dollar sign on.
My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.
There's nothing like white trash at the White House.
God knows when the end of time will come, not some fanatic... The world will end someday, but the end of the world and the end of time are two different things.
I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids.
I was the first woman to burn my bra - it took the fire department four days to put it out.
I think country music is popular - has been popular and will always be popular because I think a lot of real people singing about a lot of real stuff about real people. And it's simple enough for people to understand it. And we kind of roll with the punches.
I look just like the girls next door... if you happen to live next door to an amusement park.
When I was with Andy Warhol, I thought, 'God, his wig looks cheaper than mine!'
You gotta keep trying to find your niche and trying to fit into whatever slot that's left for you or to make one of your own.
People say I look so happy - and I say, 'That's the Botox.'
You'll never do a whole lot unless you're brave enough to try.
When I'm inspired, I get excited because I can't wait to see what I'll come up with next.
I still close my eyes and go home - I can always draw from that.
I think that I know the value of a dollar.
I have a big gay and lesbian following and they've been very loyal and kind to me.
I've never had a divorce, but I've seen so many of my friends, my sister, my family go through that stuff, so I try to write for the people that can't write about it. I take on their sorrow, so I'm able to kind of express it, or their joy.
I'm almost like three people. There's me the, Dolly, the person. There's me, the star. And then there's me, the manager.
After momma gave birth to 12 of us kids, we put her up on a pedestal. It was mostly to keep Daddy away from her.
If I'd married someone in show business, there'd be too much competition.
My first phone was two tin cans tied together with string, and it worked pretty good.
I'm just a simple country girl.
My philosophy is simple: It's a down-home, common, horse-sense approach to things.
I love to flirt, and I've never met a man I didn't like.
I can be accused of trying to be commercial sometimes.
If you like good ol' fashion Southern soul food then, yes, I am a good cook! My specialty is chicken dumplings and poke salad.
I'm just a friendly person; that runs in my family.
There's a scripture that says, 'A merry heart doeth good like medicine.' I think that's true, too.
We're all just a bunch of sinners, but we do the best we can.
My husband calls me 'catfish.' He says I'm all mouth and no brains.
I say, 'Yeah, Taylor Swift.' I think she is a smart, beautiful girl. I think she's making all the right moves. She's got a good head on her shoulders. She's surrounded with wonderful people. Her songs are great. She keeps herself anchored. She knows who she is, and she's living and standing by that.
All my momma's people were very musical. My grandpa, who was the Pentecostal minister, he was a great musician. He played the fiddle, he played the piano.
God tells us not to judge one another, no matter what anyone's sexual preferences are or if they're black, brown or purple.
I know who I am, I know what I can and can't do. I know what I will and won't do. I know what I'm capable of and I don't agree to do things that I don't think I can pull off.
A lot of people don't realise I came out of the Smoky Mountains with a load of songs.
When I'm home, I spend Sunday with my husband. If we're not cooking, we travel around in our camper, stop at fast-food restaurants, and picnic. We love that stuff that will harden your arteries in a hurry.
I'm not a politician. And I don't want to be.
A lot of people have said I'd have probably done better in my career if I hadn't looked so cheap and gaudy. But I dress to be comfortable for me, and you shouldn't be blamed because you want to look pretty.
For some reason, I have better luck when I work with women. I guess I have a good sense of sisterhood.
Songwriting is my way of channeling my feelings and my thoughts. Not just mine, but the things I see, the people I care about. My head would explode if I didn't get some of that stuff out.
I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else.
I'm old enough and cranky enough now that if someone tried to tell me what to do, I'd tell them where to put it.
I have surrounded myself with very smart people.
I can't tell anybody else how to run their life or their business, but I really believe I've got a good bead on myself.
If I see something sagging, bagging or dragging I'll get it nipped, tucked or sucked.
I grew up around lots of men - my father, my brothers, my uncles - so I wasn't intimidated by them.
I don't like to get involved in things that I am not familiar with. I'm kind of a hands-on type of person.
I want to go and go, and then drop dead in the middle of something I'm loving to do. And if that doesn't happen, if I wind up sitting in a wheelchair, at least I'll have my high heels on.
I don't like to give advice. I like to give people information because everyone's life is different, and everyone's journey is different.
'9 to 5 the Musical' is perfect for anyone that's ever wanted to string up their boss, which is almost all of us.
I've always kinda been a little outcast myself, a little oddball, doin' my thing, my own way. And it's been hard for me to, to be accepted, certainly in the early years of my life.
A lot of my heartbreak songs are inspired by things my sisters are going through, or friends.
I am a tender-hearted person, and I feel everything to the ninth degree.
I've always loved the fans in Scotland and have a little Scottish blood of my own.
Until I was a teenager, I used red pokeberries for lipstick and a burnt matchstick for eyeliner. I used honeysuckle for perfume.
It took me years to eat a lot of shellfish. I was probably 20 years old before I had even seen a shrimp cocktail. I like oysters, but fried.
I think 9/11 affected everybody in one way or another.
I don't think I'm supposed to boss other people around just because I'm a so-called celebrity or star. I hate that when people act that way. No one deserves it. I've seen it happen. I don't call those people out - they know who they are. Some enjoy that reputation.
You don't see too many atheists on the deathbed. They all start cramming then.
I would honestly say that with all the awards and all the other things that I've done in my life, Dollywood is one of the greatest dreams that I've ever had come true - I am so proud of that I can't even begin to tell you, Dollywood is real special to me.
I walk tall; I got a tall attitude.
I modelled my looks on the town tramp.
People make jokes about my bosoms, why don't they look underneath the breasts at the heart? It's obvious I've got big ones and if people want to assume they're not mine, then let them.
Plastic surgeons are always making mountains out of molehills.
You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap!
I was probably 7 years old when I started playing the guitar and writing some serious songs.
I think every entertainer's had nights when things go wrong. I mean you can't remember everything all the time, and especially if you're having hard times personally, things going on that you - you know, and then people make it worse. And that makes you feel worse.
I've copyrighted 3,000 songs.
I've enjoyed all the parts of my career.
Stop this attitude that older people ain't any good anymore! We're as good as we ever were - if we ever were any good.
I look at myself like a show dog. I've got to keep her clipped and trimmed and in good shape.
I think I became more productive through not having children. I never really had the desire to have them. My husband didn't want them either, so it worked out well.
My songs are like my children - I expect them to support me when I'm old.
I've been very fortunate.
I've tried different things through the years to get some play on mainstream. I'll try to tailor-make it.
I'm gonna be making records anyway, even if I had to sell 'em out of the trunk of my car. I'm that kind of musician and singer.
My life has been very full.
If I hadn't been a woman, I'd be a drag queen for sure. I like all that flair and I'd be dressing up in them high heels and putting on the big hair. I'd be like Ru Paul.
I just kind of wake up with a new idea and new dreams every day, and I follow that dream, as they say.
Children have always responded to me because I have that cartoon-character look.
I'm not trying to be fashionable. Never was!
I'm not happy all the time, and I wouldn't want to be because that would make me a shallow person. But I do try to find the good in everybody.
Oh, I can spot a phoney a mile away.
I write for myself things that I've gone through.
I've been around longer than most of my fans have been alive.
People get a kick out of my stupidity.
I have a tendency to be awfully big-hearted and it's very hard for me to say no, even when I need to.
I feel that sin and evil are the negative part of you, and I think it's like a battery: you've got to have the negative and the positive in order to be a complete person.
You know, I look like a woman but I think like a man. And in this world of business, that has helped me a lot. Because by the time they think that I don't know what's goin' on, I then got the money, and gone.
I'm a workin' girl.
My grandpa was a preacher.
Every day I pray about all I do.
I don't have anything to say about other people's art and their work.
I think that I'm perfect.
My husband and I had to raise five of my younger brothers and sisters. They lived with us. We sent them to school.
I love story songs because I've always loved books.
I've never been pregnant, so I just feel God didn't mean for me to have kids so that everybody else's children could be mine.
I have tennis shoes with little rhinestones that I slip on if I exercise. But I always wear heels, even around the house. I'm such a short little thing, I can't reach my kitchen cabinets.
I've never been a feminist.
My mother was always fascinated with the fact that I could rhyme so much stuff.
God and I have a great relationship, but we both see other people.
I think there is a little magic in the fact that I'm so totally real but look so artificial at the same time.
I just don't feel like I have to explain myself.
I usually get up at 3 A.M. I don't require a lot of sleep, and if I get tired, I'll take a powernap during the day.
My husband says I look like a Q-tip.
I was approached about having my own network many, many years ago. There were some people who wanted to start up a network, and I didn't want to get that involved in the business aspect of it.
I do believe that any successful business starts from the top and works its way down.
I just don't have time to get old!
I always think of myself as a working girl.
Money ain't everything.
We just seem to have lost all our morals and principles and values these days.
I have suffered most of the things I write about - or my friends have.
I can write a song in about an hour if it's a simple country song.
I don't have maids or servants, and my husband and I love waking up early and going to the 24-hour supermarket when there is nobody else there.
I didn't know any gay people in my childhood.
I do have a lot of gays in my family now, but some will never come out.
I think everyone should be with who they love.
Nobody can ever make enough money for as many poor relatives as I've got. Somebody's got a sick kid, or somebody needs an operation, somebody ain't got this, somebody ain't got that. Or to give the kids all a car when they graduate.
I never thought, in my lifetime, that you'd be able to watch movies, read books and listen to music from a phone, but I guess the technology of tomorrow is here today.
Kitty Wells was the first and only Queen of Country Music, no matter what they call the rest of us. She was a great inspiration to me as well as every other female singer in the country music business. In addition to being a wonderful asset to country music, she was a wonderful woman.
That little Miley Cyrus... she's like a little Elvis. The kids love her because she's Hannah Montana, but what people don't realize about her is she is such a fantastic singer and songwriter. She writes songs like she's 40 years old!
People are always asking me in interviews, 'What do you think of foreign affairs?' I just say, 'I've had a few.'
Years ago, when I first started being a big star, I had fans that were fanatical. It was when 'Jolene' was a big hit.
There are some loony people in this world!
When I started the Imagination Library in my hometown, I never dreamed that one day we would be helping Scottish kids.
Mine is only one of the millions of hearts broken over the death of Whitney Houston, I will always be grateful and in awe of the wonderful performance she did on my song, and I can truly say from the bottom of my heart, 'Whitney, I will always love you. You will be missed.'
No one is ever successful at everything that they do.
I am confident that partnering my Dollywood Company with a great company like Gaylord will create something truly special.
I always thought that if I made it big or got successful at what I had started out to do, that I wanted to come back to my part of the country and do something great, something that would bring a lot of jobs into this area.
George Jones was my all-time favorite singer and one of my favorite people in the world.
'Wrecking Ball' is a great song.
It's always great to perform at home in the good ol' U.S.A.
Every time I come to Europe, I'm just as excited as I was my very first time, which was many, many years ago. I love that part of the world, and I especially love the fans.
I'm always amazed by the people who work on stage who sing night after night, day after day, week in week out.
I have little bones.
Most country songs, certainly all the stuff I've written, are stories driven by characters.
I don't make people bend over backwards, and I don't like that in people. I am definitely no diva.
I have had some cosmetic surgery, especially after I lost weight and stuff, and I've had my breasts lifted - but not injected. That would scare me to death, anyway.
I think people take me as seriously as I want them to. They take me as seriously as I take myself - let's put it that way.
I'm very secure about my talents and about who I am.
I will not play just an evil part. In fact, I got offered $7 million several years ago to play the part that Faye Dunaway played in 'Supergirl.' I was kind of insulted. I was impressed with the money, but I said, 'Why are you asking me to play an evil witch? Do I come across as an evil witch to you?'
I've used my femininity and my sexuality as a weapon and a tool... but that's just natural.
I'm comfortable in my own skin, no matter how far it's stretched. Ha ha.
I wouldn't wanna go out not looking like the Dolly people have come to know, because I've come to know her that way, too.
I try not to go around looking like a hag.
I've been to those places where it's 'poor, pitiful me.'
People just overshoot trying to find God. They're going outside and trying everything. They don't realize that it's right inside themselves.
My songs are the door to every dream I've ever had and every success I've ever achieved.
I think your values are always influenced by your family and your community.
I often joke that 100 years from now I hope people are saying, 'Dang, she looks good for her age!'
There's been a lot of talk about Jack White wanting to work with me, and I've always admired him, and of course, he lives in Nashville, too.
Everywhere I go, the kids call me 'the book lady.' The older I get, the more appreciative I seem to be of the 'book lady' title. It makes me feel more like a legitimate person, not just a singer or an entertainer. But it makes me feel like I've done something good with my life and with my success.
I'm very short, so I just have to watch my weight because I have a big appetite.
I'll never graduate from collagen.
The secret to a long marriage is to stay gone.
People are looking for something a little more stable; people are feeling like they need to get closer to God.
I met my husband before I became a star, and he doesn't care about any of it.
No one could have been nicer, classier nor better looking than Dick Clark. I've had a crush on him since I was a teenager.
I try to see the good in everybody, and I don't care who people are as long as they're themselves, whatever that is.
I am not gay, but if I were, I would be the first one running out of the closet.
First thing I do in the morning, after I have my breakfast and do my spiritual work, is put on my makeup and fix my hair, and I can do my makeup in 15 minutes.
If people work for me over the years, I expect them to be paid what they're owed, but I don't expect them to be paid more than they earn.
I've... been accused of being involved with every man I'm ever seen with or worked with. Maybe I have, maybe I ain't. I never tell if I have.
I will never retire unless I have to.
No matter how beautiful a woman might be, you're always threatened by certain... You're always threatened by other women, period.
'9 to 5,' that little song, that little story, just won't ever end. Just like 'I Will Always Love You,' it just keeps comin' back, popping up its head in one way or another.
Of course, 'I Will Always Love You' is the biggest song so far in my career. I'm famous for several, but that one has been recorded by more people and made me more money, I think, than all of them. But that song did come from a true and deep place in my heart.
I wear wigs all the time on shows, and every day when I'm in public, at Dollywood. People say, 'How many wigs do you have?' And I say, 'Well, at least 365 because I wear at least one a day.'
It's not easy being young. It's hard to know what to do.
People don't realize that we, we meaning people in show business, have the same problems as everyone else. Money doesn't change that. Fame doesn't change that. Sometimes that brings on more problems. You know, it's just a different kind of problems.
They say somebody's 'street smart.' I feel like, if I got intelligence, it's just a country smart.
When I was a little girl, I always dreamed of being a star. I didn't really know what all that meant. I didn't know.
I had to get rich so I could sing like I was poor again.
I think so many people live their whole life in fear and doubt and shame.
I wear make-up, and it gets a little bit thicker every year.
Depression runs in my family on both sides, and I have to be wary.
I do have a few little tattoos, but they were mostly done to cover scars because I'm so fair.
I don't kiss nobody's butt.
I did not, thank the Lord, have to have a hysterectomy.
I love Velveeta cheese.
I've done everything every fat person ever has. I've tried every diet.
My mama never wore a pair of pants when I was growing up, and now that's all she wears. It was so funny for me when I first started seeing Mama wear pants. It was like it wasn't Mama. Now I've bought her many a pantsuit because she just lives in them.
When I got somethin' to say, I'll say it.
My fat never made me less money.
Every seven years, I sit down and make a whole new plan.
When I get down, I don't waller around for long.
I always wanted to be loved.
I come from a family of 12, so I kind of got a little lost as a child.
I'd love to do a duet, always wanted to work with Madonna, but she never asked.
I'm working on my life story. I'm not decided if it's going to be a musical or a movie with music in it.
Energy begets energy.
I'll be like Bob Hope, touring when I'm 100.
I love being busy.
I do write a lot of children's songs, and I'm going to do a children's television show, which also means I'll be doing a lot of albums. So I do hope my future will hold a lot of things for children.
I don't think you ever really know what all you're doing, so you have to act on faith.
You always want your people to be proud of what you have accomplished.
I used to sing songs and write with my uncle, Bill Owens.
I love Indian, Italian and Mexican food. And if it's a romantic type of thing, I like a good French restaurant.
Writing's just as natural to me as getting up and cooking breakfast.
I ain't never far away from a pencil and paper or a tape recorder.
Some guys look better as they get older.
I don't have time to stand around and listen to an 11-minute song.
Living in America and, of course, just being women in general, we've got more strength than we think we do.
Above everything else I've done, I've always said I've had more guts than I've got talent.
Believe it or not, I was just given an honorary doctorate degree from the University of Tennessee.
No, I can't do rap music!
I'm a singer, a writer and an actress - when I find something that I feel good enough about doing.
Never leave a rhinestone unturned.
My first job was singing on the Cas Walker radio show in Knoxville, Tennessee. I was about 10 years old, and I thought it was big time.
Sevier County is a great area.
I know that I always wanted things. I was always proud of my people, proud of my home, but I always wanted more. I think most people do.
I still have my first paycheck. It was just, I think, a dollar or two that I got when I started as a songwriter with BMI, and I had some songs there that I had through the company, and in the mail I got this big old check for, like, a dollar and a half or something. Somebody had recorded one of my songs.
I really learned to sing in church, I think, really with emotion.
I used to always sit in church looking out the windows at the boys, wondering if I could make an excuse to go out and, you know, go to the bathroom because all the outdoor toilets. But anyhow, I was only going out to see the boys.
I'm easy to look like, so there are lots and lots of Dolly look-alikes.
I'm a showgirl, as you can tell. I'm ever ready.
My lips, I've used collagen. I line my lips with collagen.
All of my brothers and sisters are very talented. They all sang all right.
I can't keep somebody from being a star, and I can't make somebody a star, and nobody can.
I listen to my old records and I think, 'How did I ever get on the radio?'
I look like a woman, but I think like a man.
I've never had that much trouble with the paparazzi, but I don't run the same circles that a lot of these people that do get hounded by the paparazzi.
I was very honored to get to be part of 'American Idol.'
I love being active.
A lot of people think I'm a comedian.
I know it's corny - but I love 'Jingle Bells!'
I'm pretty sure in my older years, I'll be doing old-time flavored folk-mountain music.
When I do listen to music, I'm more prone to listen to the people I've always listened to: George Jones, Otis Redding, Alison Krauss and Emmylou Harris.
Tell me I have to be somewhere, and I'll be there 20 minutes early and stay there longer than anybody else. You hold up a lot of people if you're not on time.
I know some of the best Dolly Parton jokes. I made 'em up myself.
My best country record only sold 200,000 copies.
My nails are my rhythm section when I'm writing a song all alone. Some day, I may cut an album, just me and my nails.
My favorite movies of all times is 'Doctor Zhivago,' and I love 'Gone With the Wind.' I'd love to play some Southern belle or something where I owned a plantation.
Being brought up very religious, I have a fear of people that look to idol gods.
A lot of dreams can turn to nightmares... if you don't really work them.
I always loved that old song 'Banks of the Ohio' - it was always such a man's song, so I've always wanted to record it.
There are certainly a lot of things that still need to change when it comes to women in the workforce.
As a songwriter, you respect and appreciate the writings of other people, and I often get asked, are there songs out there I wish I'd written? Yes. There's many of them!
Actually, I hear a lot of rock music. My husband is a big rock fan.
I'm trying my best to keep up with all this new technology, and I surround myself with all these wonderful people that are in the know and kind of help me out with all that.
'Jolene' has been very popular all of these years, even overseas.
There's a lot of rednecks in the country where I grew up.
Life is a song to me.
Everybody has a purpose.
Sometimes if you jump into something too quickly, you can screw up something that might have been good two years down the road.
People like bluegrass. It's had a following amongst a lot of hip and young people. A lot of college kids like bluegrass.
My biggest extravagances are also investments. I have several houses in California, a house in Nashville, an office complex, and I bought the old home place in Tennessee. They are different places for me to write, but I can turn right around and sell them.
