American,Scientist
So what does a good teacher do? Create tension - but just the right amount.
User-centered design means working with your users all throughout the project.
Knowing how people will use something is essential.
In my opinion, no single design is apt to be optimal for everyone.
Also note that invariably when we design something that can be used by those with disabilities, we often make it better for everyone.
We expert teachers know that motivation and emotional impact are what matter.
Everyday people are not very good designers.
Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand.
I think there is a tendency in science to measure what is measurable and to decide that what you cannot measure must be uninteresting.
I believe that the Apple Shuffle is an excellent compromise among the conflicting requirements of simplicity, elegance, size, battery life, and function.
Sure, one can always get the students to relax and be happy - entertained, but although being laid back and relax can also lead to creativity, mostly it means that nothing much gets done.
You won't catch me giving clear lectures.
As for all those mistakes I make - they are on purpose - to teach you how to deal with them.
Readers always seem to think that the author has some control over the design of their books.
And to get real work experience, you need a job, and most jobs will require you to have had either real work experience or a graduate degree.
It is relatively easy to design for the perfect cases, when everything goes right, or when all the information required is available in proper format.
Market segmentation s a natural result of the vast differences among people.
I prefer design by experts - by people who know what they are doing.
Our information lives will be better served when we are free to get to our information from wherever we are, with any device available.
A big ethical question is what happens after people stop using the device. Does it degrade the environment? Could it have been designed so it would actually be good for the environment?
Isn't one of your first exercises in learning how to communicate to write a description of how to tie your shoelaces? The point being that it's basically impossible to use text to show that.
Scientists are always skeptics.
The problem with emotion was that it was clearly something important, but-at least according to the old philosophy-it was something to overcome.
To me, error analysis is the sweet spot for improvement.
I've been looking at the iPod- the Apple iPod. One of the interesting things about the iPod, one of the things that people love most about it is not the technology; it's the box it comes in.
Am I an Apple bigot? No. I can critique their products and their customer service philosophy. But overall, they do better than any other player.
