American,Musician
Because I'm just an ordinary person that did some extraordinary things.
Well, I'll say I have an incredible ability to fantasize - I really do. I don't have to have things tangible to be able to see them, and therefore I enjoy so many things, because they're in my mind.
I am sensual and very physical. I'm very erotic. But my sexuality exists on a sort of a fantasy level.
God had to create disco music so I could be born and be successful.
I don't care if I'm beautiful; I don't care what I am on the outside. It isn't about the outside.
But I think that I'm just a normal girl, you know.
But I like to know that someone is stronger than I am. I want to be able to know that if I get tired, somebody is there to hold up the fort. I like knowing that I can't pick a refrigerator alone. God did not make me strong enough to do that.
My life was changed in one breath from God.
When you see these people that are in the public eye all the time, it must get tiring.
When I'm not working I try to stay out of the public eye as much as possible.
Nobody wants you to stop, obviously because you're a moneymaking machine. But you have to make the decision and you have to move forward. So I took time off to have babies and do all that.
Let's say that, in reality, I'm basically very shy when it comes to men.
It would be nice if you have a hit. But I don't think it's necessary to continue with my career at this point.
If you've never been to one of my concerts. I want you to know that it is OK to scream and yell.
I'm ready to work and if it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, it's fine.
I want a private life, I truly do. I'm not just pretending to want one like lots of celebrities.
I haven't really been recording in the last several years. I haven't wanted to. And even though I had to deal with Sony and now I'm on Universal again, I will probably put out a new record soon.
I don't really try to predict what can and will happen with things. Sometimes you think something's gonna be a huge success, and it isn't. And sometimes you pay no attention to something whatsoever, and God just makes it into everything.
I don't keep a press agent because I think people need to have a break from you.
And no, having the hits is just more work.
And I mean, I'm established. So I'm not worried about having a hit at this point in my career.
A friend of mine called and said they're interested in having you do a song for the new Pokemon. All my kids are grown up, so I'd heard of it, but I didn't really know what it was.
