American,Designer
Delete the negative; accentuate the positive!
Evening is a time of real experimentation. You never want to look the same way.
Age and size are only numbers. It's the attitude you bring to clothes that make the difference.
If I weren't doing what I'm doing today... I'd be traveling around the world on the back of a motorcycle.
Everything in life... has to have balance.
Basically, I was a hippie and still am a flower child.
Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable.
I think I was a nomad in another life.
I truly believe that philanthropy and commerce can work together.
Originally, back in 1992, DKNY started because I couldn't find a pair of jeans. I also wanted to dress my teenage daughter Gabby. So it was the perfect street wardrobe: jeans, anoraks, jumpsuits, boyfriend jackets, sweaters, skirts and dresses. Then DKNY grew into an entire lifestyle concept, including tailored clothes you wear to work.
I feel very strongly about dresses on every level - a dress feels like underpinning.
Everything I do is a matter of heart, body and soul.
Women should always take care of themselves first. It makes you more equipped to take care of others.
We've come a long way. Power dressing now is designed to let the woman inside us come through.
I live for what I haven't done.
I love building spaces: architecture, furniture, all of it, probably more than fashion. The development procedure is more tactile. It's about space and form and it's something you can share with other people.
I'd rather promote New York than anything else in this world because New York to me means the world.
It's really easy to get colors right. It's really hard to get black - and neutrals - right. Black is certainly a color but it's also an illusion.
You don't have that much choice in your life, which is one of the big lessons I've learned. I was going to be a designer whether I wanted to be a designer or not.
I'm a nature bug.
I love skiing, I love the sun, I love my children, I love my grandchildren, I love my family and friends... and whatever I haven't done.
I've always been about the power of a woman - accentuating the positive, deleting the negative, whether you're talking her body, her voice or her leadership.
I design from instinct. It's the only way I know how to live. What feels good. What feels right. What is needed. Give me a problem and I will approach it creatively, from my gut.
I give Reiki, which is energy, but I don't tell too many people that.
My mother was a working woman, and I was alone a lot. So I wanted to be a stay-at-home mom.
When I first started designing, all women were dressed like men, and I said, 'Hey, guys, let's be women, put the two together - it's not either/or. Let's celebrate our bodies. Our bodies are different.'
