American,Athlete
No team works out teamwork.
As long as you put on a jersey, no matter what kind of jersey it is, as long as you're supporting the game of basketball, I enjoy it.
I understand that I'm not perfect. I made mistakes and I had a hand in everything that's happened to me, good and bad.
Guys who might not be superstars but because of their hustle, because of the little things they do, these are the guys who can really mean the difference between winning and losing.
The biggest thing is to let your voice be heard, let your story be heard.
Whenever there is a big game and people don't think I can do it, I always play my hardest, and now it has become a part of me.
My job, my whole life, I've always had that kind of doubter, people have always doubted me. And I don't know how I would succeed without it. So I welcome it, and it gives me a challenge, and I will see if I can live up to my challenge.
It's always a dream to be on the cover, it's one of the things an athlete always aspires to do, to be on the cover of a videogame, but I never thought I would get to do it this quick.
I wanted to be a football player. Football is a sport that I love, but the more I started playing basketball, the more I started dreaming of playing in the NBA.
Man, anytime the ball goes through the basket. It doesn't matter if it's a jumper or a drive. Any time the ball goes through the basket, and it's going through consistently, it's demoralizing for any opponent.
I don't think the world focuses on the positive things enough.
I've been blessed to be one of those guys who's looked at as a fashion-forward type of guy.
People don't need to necessarily see me in the jersey to understand who I am and what message I'm trying to get across with the things that I'm marketing.
Fatherhood is the best thing that could happen to me, and I'm just glad I can share my voice.
The biggest thing is to make sure that when something comes out about you that is false that you prove it's not true.
You know, 10 years ago I never thought I'd be in this position. It's a dream and I don't even know if I dreamed this big.
The thing is, I don't do these things for recognition, being a good teammate, being a positive member of the community. I do them because those things make me whole and complete.
To wear a gray tweed suit, you have to be mature and confident in yourself. Some people can't pull it off.
I was probably a terrible husband, but I pride myself on being a good dad.
At 9 years old, I moved in with my father because my mother could no longer care for me. Looking back, I now see so many similarities between my own childhood and that of my sons. My father stepped in when I needed him, and that gave me the chance for a better life. That's what I'm doing for my boys now.
Anytime an artist puts your name in a song, it's unbelievable. It never gets old.
I've played for the Miami Heat my whole career under Pat Riley. Mr. GQ himself. So when I pick out my outfits before a game, I'm already feeling confident. And some of that swagger stays with me when I take the court.
It's about taking advantage of the opportunities you have right now, and right now we're in a position where you call somebody and they're willing to pick up and take the call because they're a fan, you have to take advantage of that and have a chance to capitalize on your ideas.
When you have kids, they are the consistent things in your life. They don't change no matter what's going on. They love you. They are more honest than anybody will be.
Over my career, I've had to adjust my game.
Before even Court Grip, I just wanted to be a part of a brand that I felt that listened to the athlete and really catered to the athlete, and gave us what we were looking for.
I love to sing some Beyonce - ya know, like 'All the Single Ladies.' I'll sing that - maybe not with the body shakin' - but I'll have a little bit of the hand movement going on.
For home games, I bring my clothes to the arena. I bring two different outfits that I can pick after the game. Road game, I got to wear what I walk in with.
I'm an athlete, so I can dress down with the best of them. I can throw on t-shirts and sweats with the best of them.
Most days I am in public. If I go to the store, with social media, I'm in public. It might as well be a press conference.
I'm just showing my personality in my clothing.
Wherever you go, things change you. I mean, obviously moving to Miami and becoming part of the NBA has given me a different perspective on style than I had when I lived in Chicago or Milwaukee.
I think the biggest thing I've learned is to not really worry what people will say or think about what you wear. You have to wear what feels good on you, what you feel comfortable in. And I've just learned to not really care.
Being a father is an everyday challenge. It goes on and on.
I think people have had the understanding for many years that whatever happens with the separation of parents, that the kids automatically go to the mother. The fathers don't know their rights.
I grew up in the inner city of Chicago, and then I moved to Robbins, and it kind of raised me. When I was in college, I actually had them change the starting lineup to say 'from Robbins, Illinois' instead of 'Chicago, Illinois.'
I grew up in Chicago, and I understand what Michael Jordan symbolizes.
I think the main thing for kids is to have them believe in themselves.
I supported Obama because of his relationships. A lot of the things he believes in, you would say that it's not in the best interest for someone in my tax bracket, but it's not about that. It's about him making the world better and making it equal and even all around, and that's what I'm supporting when I supported Obama.
Growing up, I always dreamed of winning an NBA championship, never a gold. A gold was something that never crossed my mind.
