American,Entertainer
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations.
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality.
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come from the individual. Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career!
Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.
Your problem is to bridge the gap which exists between where you are now and the goal you intend to reach.
You'll find boredom where there is the absence of a good idea.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own 'acres of diamonds.'
We will receive not what we idly wish for but what we justly earn. Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds; it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
You can measure opportunity with the same yardstick that measures the risk involved. They go together.
Creativity is a natural extension of our enthusiasm.
Whenever we're afraid, it's because we don't know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid.
We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light.
Ideas are elusive, slippery things. Best to keep a pad of paper and a pencil at your bedside, so you can stab them during the night before they get away.
Everything begins with an idea.
We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within.
We tend to live up to our expectations.
People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be - whether they will admit that or not.
Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn.
