American,Politician
Stereotypes lose their power when the world is found to be more complex than the stereotype would suggest. When we learn that individuals do not fit the group stereotype, then it begins to fall apart.
Tone can be as important as text.
You punch me, I punch back. I do not believe it's good for one's self-respect to be a punching bag.
There's enormous energy required to carry grudges - enormous energy! And I'm getting too old to expend my energy that way, cause I think every person has a limited amount of energy. So I have given up all grudges.
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow as Dame Fortune did intend, Murphy would be there to tell me the pot's at the other end.
You don't have to love them. You just have to respect their rights.
The fireworks begin today. Each diploma is a lighted match. Each one of you is a fuse.
The mere process of growing old together will make the slightest acquaintance seem a bosom friend.
If you agree with me on 9 out of 12 issues, vote for me. If you agree with me on 12 out of 12 issues, see a psychiatrist.
No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that.
In a neighborhood, as in life, a clean bandage is much, much better than a raw or festering wound.
Citizens, thank you for all your birthday wishes. I am 88 years old today and still lucky to live in the greatest city in the world.
The person who is bent on killing you will follow you wherever you are.
In action be primitive; in foresight, a strategist.
Clinton has more important things to worry about. He not only risks being destroyed historically, like Afghanistan's Buddha statues; he also could end up going to jail.
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
I think that every Saturday, we ought to say, 'My father's a Jew, my mother was a Jew, and I'm a Jew,' with great pride.
I'm not the type to get ulcers. I give them.
If you don't like the President, it costs you 90 bucks to fly to Washington to picket. If you don't like the governor, it costs you 60 bucks to fly to Albany to picket. If you don't like me - 90 cents.
We're in the hands of the state legislature and God, but at the moment, the state legislature has more to say than God.
The knife of corruption endangered the life of New York City. The scalpel of the law is making us well again.
If you seek violence, we will seek to put you in jail.
If they don't want to pay for it, they can stop drinking it.
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it.
Water, water, everywhere, Atlantic and Pacific. But New York City's got them beat, Our aqua is terrific!
I know many writers who first dictate passages, then polish what they have dictated. I speak, then I polish - occasionally I do windows.
Whenever I leave Manhattan, I get the bends!
To learn something new every day is still exciting!
I never doubted that I would be a good mayor. I never did.
Jews have always thought that having someone elevated with his head above the grass was not good for the Jews. I never felt that way. I believe that you have to stand up.
I love being the mayor. I want to be the mayor forever.
I'm coming to the end of my life. I do reflect on what I've done for the 85 years that I have been given so far. And I'm proud of what I've done.
I have a social life. But I don't discuss it.
I don't believe that in our society that we should have guns.
I'm just a simple Jewish boy from the Bronx.
I like to think that I'm one of the few people in public life who write their own material. I write every word. And I really enjoy writing - especially my political commentary.
It happens that I'm heterosexual, but I don't care about that. I do care about protecting the rights of 10 percent of our population who are homosexual and who don't have the ability to protect their rights.
I'm sure that people who elected me, some of them thought I was gay, some of them thought I wasn't gay, and most of them didn't care.
When I was first elected I got 50% of the vote in '77 in the general election. In '81 I got 75%. In '85, I got 78%. No mayor has ever gotten that high a vote. So it was not an issue. Except for people who were very hostile to me. They thought they would injure me.
I probably enjoy campaigning more than most other people in public office because I like people and I enjoy going out there and telling people what I've done.
If you listen to Giuliani, it's like nobody did anything to improve the city except him. I'm not part of the history. Bloomberg's not part of the history. It's like, he did it. He's the only one. That's why he's a little crazy.
