American,Politician
One of the things that people don't realize is that that natural beauty, those recreational forests, they have an economic development impact for the state as well.
Like working families all across the state, we must find a way to make government live within its means.
Look, natural gas, just like oil, is going to eventually go away. It's not renewable.
If I lose, I lose. I'll do it on my terms.
I am a free spirit. I tell the truth, and I like to mix it up.
Most people are motivated by the economy. And if you've lost your job, lost your mortgage, lost your 401(k), you're angry. And if your brother-in-law has lost one of those you're angry still. And when you're angry you take it out on people who are in office. Which is natural.
There are a tremendous amount of environmental issues that are on the table.
We are the second oldest state in the Union because too many of our young people are leaving Pennsylvania. They are leaving Pennsylvania behind for opportunities elsewhere.
For my part, I make this pledge to all of you: The politics of division, of pitting east against west, urban versus rural, region against region, and people against people will have no place in my Administration.
Creating new jobs for Pennsylvanians continues to be my highest priority throughout the Commonwealth.
The Medicaid system currently steers people toward nursing home care. Far more people can be covered in community-based care programs for significantly less.
I think a moratorium probably is legal, and we should probably for a short period of time impose a moratorium so that we don't permit any additional landfill permits for the time being, so we don't exacerbate the problem.
But in the long run we're not going to be able to keep out of state trash away from Pennsylvania.
Number one I think we should impose a fee or a tax on the transportation of trash per mile.
And secondly, I would impose a significant state landfill tipping fee and use that tipping fee to fund the billion dollar bond issue that I want to create to produce the funds for all of the environmental challenges that we just went over.
I think if we're going to have to landfill trash, and I think we basically have to, we might as well get the upside for it and dedicate that upside to improving the environment in so many different ways.
Growing Greener doesn't produce money for farmland preservation or open space preservation.
If there was a way to discourage trash constitutionally, I would sure as heck take a hard look at it. I don't think there is. So I don't think there's a choice here.
Tourism is our second biggest industry in terms of the people it employs.
And the beautiful open spaces, the forests of Pennsylvania, the recreational uses that come from having these green open spaces and forests, they contribute dramatically to the level of our tourism, dramatically.
And preserving our open spaces or having them there for recreational purposes is one of the things that contributes to the high level of quality of life that we offer in Pennsylvania, and that also translates into economic benefits.
We will not lose this election for lack of money.
I have said consistently both in my papers and in my speeches - which you heard in the primary campaign - that I will continue to phase out the Capital Stock and Franchise tax.
I'm interested in giving business an opportunity by improving the tax environment to invest and grow with Pennsylvania, to expand and put more money in capital investment and creating jobs.
We've been working our tail off and lead by that example.
I think Barack Obama has brought a new level of ethical standards to Washington. Has he changed some basic hard-knuckle politics? No. You need hard-knuckle politics to succeed.
