American,Actor
I support the indigenous people anywhere in the planet.
The older you get the more you understand what you're doing.
Education is the key. But it's the kind of education that we teach that is the key. We don't have it.
A saint is a person who gives of themself without asking for anything in return. That's how simple it is to be a saint. Try it! Try being a saint.
Education is the vaccine for violence.
I don't support violence, period.
There is no way that we know what is going on between the African American and the Asian American. We don't understand what an Indigenous American is. We don't understand what a Latino American is.
You know, Hillary Clinton gives of herself. Princess Diana gave of herself. But they are not saints.
I learned to discipline myself to do things I didn't want to do.
Our inability to relate to one another is very, very, very important. When we don't have it, we get situations like Bosnia.
Education is a vacine for violence.
I believe that Gandhi was correct. Non-violent civil disobedience is the only way to bring about change that allows people to enjoy the change and not get killed in the process.
Chiapas is probably the main concern I have right now for the planet.
You get more churches burned down in the United States in the last two years than in the last hundred, because of the lack of understanding of culture and diversity and the beauty of it.
Yeah, the New York Times is very intellectual and very, very prestigious, but it doesn't reach the market that People magazine does.
At the rate we're going, the 21st century looks pretty clear. It's going to be pretty violent.
Right now, the Anglo people are desperately trying to hold on to the United States, like they tried to hold on to Africa.
And, granted, for a long time, the European has been dominant in certain parts of this Western Hemisphere, but by the end of the 21st century, it's over.
Because people of color will definitely, definitely become the power base in the Western Hemisphere.
Basically, I think that there are some characters that you can just allow the truth of your character as a human being in your real life to come through.
There are nuclear weapons in China, Iran, Korea and Pakistan. It wouldn't take much to send a couple of warheads off on this planet somewhere that would cause a lot of environmental damage, then if you have got someone who wants to retaliate you have real problems.
Now I also discipline myself to do things I love to do when I don't want to do them.
I want to show how strong I am from my roots.
We don't have as much prejudice as we did 40 years ago, but today it is more educated.
I think in Vice and American Me I played very silent, rigid characters and people remember them.
And I've been acting for 39 years, so I define characters differently than I did in say Miami Vice.
