American,Author
With all due respect to the nation's fish and game departments, more deer die because people hunt them than because people feed them.
We may never find a way to live in suburbia with deer as we do with raccoons, say, or squirrels. So for this reason, it's very important that we make sure always to save enough wild or open land so that they can live in their normal manner.
You can look at your dog and see that it's thinking and has strong feelings. And if it does, so do wolves. And if wolves do, so do elephants. People aren't the only beings that think and feel.
I don't mind aging - I'm glad to be aging. I'll never die young.
As far as I'm concerned, I own my dogs as I own my body. My legs are with me when I take a shower, and I feel no shame. If I were to lose one, I'd grieve, and people would send sympathy cards, but it would be my condition that evoked the sympathy, not the fate of the leg. That's like losing a dog.
Barring some competition from whales, wolves are probably America's most popular wild animal. Wolves are also contenders for America's most unpopular wild animal, with perhaps some competition from coyotes.
Hundreds of species are facing extinction due to human impacts on the environment.
No other creatures of the savannah sleep as deeply or as soundly as lions, but after all, lions are the main reason for not sleeping soundly.
We fill the woods with invasive primates camouflaged to look like piles of leaves who sneak around, sprinkling estrus doe urine and manipulating gadgets that sound like antlers clashing.
In my cosmology, indigenous wild deer are more important than exotic ornamental shrubs.
Many expressions of a cat's feelings seem deeply related to the capture of live prey.
We are surely the primary agent of death for all members of the cat tribe. For many if not most cat species, our depredations must surpass accidents, disease, and even starvation by a considerable margin.
The story of cats is a story of meat.
People are perfectly glad to accept the idea that dogs love us, so they must be able to love each other.
Dogs are a window on the natural world.
I always thought of deer as solitary animals that weren't very interesting. But my goodness, that was very wrong. The big eye-opener for me was that they're social. They have family groups.
You have to be able to love members of your own species before you can branch out and apply that to other species.
Once you're known to be an alcoholic, that's how many people identify you, which could be a reason not to talk about it.
Not even a maggot is an it, and to refer to any animal in that manner is an affectation, an ignorant stab at science-speak.
Animals need to understand other species, if only to prey on them or escape from them.
Every dog might wish to be Dog One, but like us, most dogs want membership in the group even more than they want supremacy over others.
Dogs who live in each other's company are calm and pragmatic, never showing the desperate need to make known their needs and feelings or to communicate their observations, as some hysterical dogs who know only the company of our species are likely to do.
Primates feel pure, flat immobility as boredom. But dogs feel it as peace.
Every day, the humane societies execute thousands of dogs who tried all their lives to do their very best by their owners. These dogs are killed not because they are bad but because they are inconvenient. So as we need God more than he needs us, dogs need us more than we need them, and they know it.
I would like to visit a dog's mind to know what he's thinking and feeling.
When I was very young, my nanny was a big Newfoundland dog... whose task was to keep me from drowning.
