American,Comedian
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
My classmates would copulate with anything that moved, but I never saw any reason to limit myself.
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me.
At my lemonade stand I used to give the first glass away free and charge five dollars for the second glass. The refill contained the antidote.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, 'I'm going to mop the floor with your face.' I said, 'You'll be sorry.' He said, 'Oh, yeah? Why?' I said, 'Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well.'
I love to go down to the schoolyard and watch all the little children jump up and down and run around yelling and screaming. They don't know I'm only using blanks.
You know what I hate? Indian givers... no, I take that back.
I was with this girl the other night and from the way she was responding to my skillful caresses, you would have sworn that she was conscious from the top of her head to the tag on her toes.
You don't appreciate a lot of stuff in school until you get older. Little things like being spanked every day by a middle-aged woman: Stuff you pay good money for in later life.
I love to go to the playground and watch the children jumping up and down. They don't know I'm firing blanks.
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Probably the worst time in a person's life is when they have to kill a family member because they are the devil. But otherwise it's been a pretty good day.
Always remember the last words of my grandfather, who said: 'A truck!'
I once had a large gay following, but I ducked into an alleyway and lost him.
I was walking down fifth avenue today and I found a wallet, and I was gonna keep it, rather than return it, but I thought: well, if I lost a hundred and fifty dollars, how would I feel? And I realized I would want to be taught a lesson.
Probably the toughest time in anyone's life is when you have to murder a loved one because they're the devil.
Well, my brother says Hello. So, hooray for speech therapy.
The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and incompetence... sort of like the Post Office with tanks.
I got some new underwear the other day. Well, new to me.
I was at a bar nursing a beer. My nipple was getting quite soggy.
I ran five miles today. Then, finally, I said, 'Here, lady... take your purse.'
Actually, my cd was released in 1985, in return for two German missionaries and a Dutch urologist.
Whatever happened to the good ole days, when children worked in factories?
I go from stool to stool in singles bars hoping to get lucky, but there's never any gum under any of them.
My jokes are in my head and I have a duplicate copy of my jokes in a lot of British comics' heads, where they are safe.
