American,Psychologist
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'
Greed is a bottomless pit which exhausts the person in an endless effort to satisfy the need without ever reaching satisfaction.
Selfish persons are incapable of loving others, but they are not capable of loving themselves either.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
The task we must set for ourselves is not to feel secure, but to be able to tolerate insecurity.
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Man is the only animal for whom his own existence is a problem which he has to solve.
Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.
Man's main task in life is to give birth to himself, to become what he potentially is. The most important product of his effort is his own personality.
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
If I am what I have and if I lose what I have who then am I?
There is only one meaning of life: the act of living itself.
If a person loves only one other person and is indifferent to all others, his love is not love but a symbiotic attachment, or an enlarged egotism.
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that men may become robots.
The ordinary man with extraordinary power is the chief danger for mankind - not the fiend or the sadist.
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
Love is union with somebody, or something, outside oneself, under the condition of retaining the separateness and integrity of one's own self.
The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal.
There is perhaps no phenomenon which contains so much destructive feeling as moral indignation, which permits envy or hate to be acted out under the guise of virtue.
The psychic task which a person can and must set for himself is not to feel secure, but to be able to tolerate insecurity.
There can be no real freedom without the freedom to fail.
There is no meaning to life except the meaning man gives his life by the unfolding of his powers.
One cannot be deeply responsive to the world without being saddened very often.
