American,Writer
Children are the keys of paradise.
Someone who thinks the world is always cheating him is right. He is missing that wonderful feeling of trust in someone or something.
The leader has to be practical and a realist, yet must talk the language of the visionary and the idealist.
People who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them.
Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature.
Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind.
We feel free when we escape - even if it be but from the frying pan to the fire.
Every new adjustment is a crisis in self-esteem.
In times of change learners inherit the earth; while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
Our passionate preoccupation with the sky, the stars, and a God somewhere in outer space is a homing impulse. We are drawn back to where we came from.
Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us.
Disappointment is a sort of bankruptcy - the bankruptcy of a soul that expends too much in hope and expectation.
Propaganda does not deceive people; it merely helps them to deceive themselves.
The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings.
Rudeness is a weak imitation of strength.
Our greatest pretenses are built up not to hide the evil and the ugly in us, but our emptiness. The hardest thing to hide is something that is not there.
Whenever you trace the origin of a skill or practices which played a crucial role in the ascent of man, we usually reach the realm of play.
Our frustration is greater when we have much and want more than when we have nothing and want some. We are less dissatisfied when we lack many things than when we seem to lack but one thing.
The suspicious mind believes more than it doubts. It believes in a formidable and ineradicable evil lurking in every person.
Charlatanism of some degree is indispensable to effective leadership.
Those in possession of absolute power can not only prophesy and make their prophecies come true, but they can also lie and make their lies come true.
The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.
When cowardice is made respectable, its followers are without number both from among the weak and the strong; it easily becomes a fashion.
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
Man is the only creature that strives to surpass himself, and yearns for the impossible.
Dissipation is a form of self-sacrifice.
It is the child in man that is the source of his uniqueness and creativeness, and the playground is the optimal milieu for the unfolding of his capacities and talents.
When we believe ourselves in possession of the only truth, we are likely to be indifferent to common everyday truths.
The beginning of thought is in disagreement - not only with others but also with ourselves.
The savior who wants to turn men into angels is as much a hater of human nature as the totalitarian despot who wants to turn them into puppets.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
Animals often strike us as passionate machines.
When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other.
We can be absolutely certain only about things we do not understand.
A heresy can spring only from a system that is in full vigor.
You can never get enough of what you don't need to make you happy.
To spell out the obvious is often to call it in question.
It is not actual suffering but the taste of better things which excites people to revolt.
We used to think that revolutions are the cause of change. Actually it is the other way around: change prepares the ground for revolution.
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities.
The fear of becoming a 'has-been' keeps some people from becoming anything.
There is probably an element of malice in our readiness to overestimate people - we are, as it were, laying up for ourselves the pleasure of later cutting them down to size.
With some people solitariness is an escape not from others but from themselves. For they see in the eyes of others only a reflection of themselves.
Craving, not having, is the mother of a reckless giving of oneself.
I hang onto my prejudices, they are the testicles of my mind.
Call not that man wretched, who whatever ills he suffers, has a child to love.
It sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities, but its own talents.
There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other.
A nation without dregs and malcontents is orderly, peaceful and pleasant, but perhaps without the seed of things to come.
Every intense desire is perhaps a desire to be different from what we are.
We have rudiments of reverence for the human body, but we consider as nothing the rape of the human mind.
Our sense of power is more vivid when we break a man's spirit than when we win his heart.
Action is at bottom a swinging and flailing of the arms to regain one's balance and keep afloat.
We are least open to precise knowledge concerning the things we are most vehement about.
To become different from what we are, we must have some awareness of what we are.
There are no chaste minds. Minds copulate wherever they meet.
It is not so much the example of others we imitate as the reflection of ourselves in their eyes and the echo of ourselves in their words.
Facts are counterrevolutionary.
The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle.
There is in most passions a shrinking away from ourselves. The passionate pursuer has all the earmarks of a fugitive.
A grievance is most poignant when almost redressed.
Where everything is possible miracles become commonplaces, but the familiar ceases to be self-evident.
Faith in a holy cause is to a considerable extent a substitute for lost faith in ourselves.
Far more crucial than what we know or do not know is what we do not want to know.
Men weary as much of not doing the things they want to do as of doing the things they do not want to do.
It is the around-the-corner brand of hope that prompts people to action, while the distant hope acts as an opiate.
One of the marks of a truly vigorous society is the ability to dispense with passion as a midwife of action - the ability to pass directly from thought to action.
We do not really feel grateful toward those who make our dreams come true; they ruin our dreams.
A great man's greatest good luck is to die at the right time.
It almost seems that nobody can hate America as much as native Americans. America needs new immigrants to love and cherish it.
It is a sign of creeping inner death when we can no longer praise the living.
To know a person's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance.
Where there is the necessary technical skill to move mountains, there is no need for the faith that moves mountains.
The weakness of a soul is proportionate to the number of truths that must be kept from it.
Nationalist pride, like other variants of pride, can be a substitute for self-respect.
The world leans on us. When we sag, the whole world seems to droop.
We are more prone to generalize the bad than the good. We assume that the bad is more potent and contagious.
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.
Self-esteem and self-contempt have specific odors; they can be smelled.
Man was nature's mistake she neglected to finish him and she has never ceased paying for her mistake.
Take away hatred from some people, and you have men without faith.
Youth itself is a talent, a perishable talent.
Unpredictability, too, can become monotonous.
The pleasure we derive from doing favors is partly in the feeling it gives us that we are not altogether worthless. It is a pleasant surprise to ourselves.
Sometimes we feel the loss of a prejudice as a loss of vigor.
What greater reassurance can the weak have than that they are like anyone else?
We are told that talent creates its own opportunities. But it sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities, but its own talents.
A dissenting minority feels free only when it can impose its will on the majority: what it abominates most is the dissent of the majority.
