American,Model
Sexiness is all about your personality, being genuine and confident, and being a good person.
If you work hard and you do your best, you can do anything.
You really don't need to wear any make-up most of the time; keep your eyebrows the way they are, and find your own natural beauty signature.
I love seeing new places and meeting new people. I'm sort of addicted to traveling.
There is just something about starting your day with something luxurious like a bath.
Being yourself is very sexy, you know?
My style is simple, kinda girly, but with a bit of an edge.
It's important to be fit, but you shouldn't get too skinny. You need to have curves.
I always stay active, even if I'm on vacation.
Love yourself no matter what!
Healthy body image is not something that you're going to learn from fashion magazines.
People like to be around those who give off positive energy.
Inner beauty radiates from within, and there's nothing more beautiful than when a woman feels beautiful on the inside.
It's people's own prerogative to be able to look at something and know the difference between 'this is what someone looks like with make-up on' and 'this is what they look like in real life.'
Photoshop makes things look beautiful just as you have special effects in movies. It's just a part of life.
My favourite beauty look is definitely '70s beauty - sun kissed skin, wavy hair and defined eyes.
I have way too many candles. There's always a candle burning at home.
I like to work hard and see the results of my hard work.
Rome is one of my favourite cities in the world.
Rudeness, I think, is the worst.
The most important thing for staying in shape is having fun with your workouts.
Even if you don't have time for a big workout, stretching in the morning and night really changes your body.
Rest is the best thing for your body rather than working out or dieting. Sleep can change your whole metabolism, so it's my number one priority when it comes to looking good.
My best friend is Lily Aldridge. Her daughter's my godchild.
Caviar's sexy.
A mistake a lot of girls make is that they work out but don't eat enough. If you're not eating enough, all the work outs are doing, it's not going to show.
Australian people are dope. They're so fun. They want to just have a good time, and they have a great sense of humour.
I've been to Australia several times, and I just like the earthiness; it's part of the culture. That's a really good vibe to be around.
Working out gives me the opportunity to let go and listen to my music; it's a big stress reliever.
I'm gluten free, but that still allows me some chocolate!
Music inspires me.
I think that, like any art, fashion is about expression. It allows you to express yourself and your identity through what you choose to wear.
Perfection is really boring!
I get so busy that I forget to eat, and that's really hurt me in the past. I gained weight from that.
I love the responsibility of being a Victoria's Secret spokesmodel. It's a great life skill.
I love lipbalms in general; they're very important!
Life would be pretty boring if we didn't have vices.
I think New Orleans is the best city in the United States.
I've worked for years with Michael Kors, and he's just like this funny, charismatic guy.
As a model, you're such a gypsy, so that 'home' element is kind of taken from you.
I love going on dates and talking.
I'm a homebody, but I make people come to me, like, 'Everyone just come over, and we can have fun at my house.' I love to entertain.
I can shoot a basket pretty well.
I can't maintain the body of a 16-year-old anymore. That's just a really boring life to me. You really just cannot do anything fun, ever.
I never thought I was cute, ever.
It's really not important what my personal life is.
I need to pay people to make me work out, or I wouldn't do it.
I can't even sleep in. My body won't let me.
My favorite memory from school was going to football games with my friends. We always had so much spirit and dressed up to go to the games, even though our team was pretty bad.
I've met some of my best friends in the world working for Victoria's Secret.
You can put in a curl or put on a lip color or mascara, but the important thing is that the health of your skin and hair is shining through.
I love being in Chicago.
The short amount of time I'm out on the runway is like going on a rollercoaster. It's such a happy, exciting feeling. I'm more like a racehorse ready to go - I just want to get out there.
I went to a private Jewish school before high school, and a lot of the kids had beautiful homes, but my parents don't really care about those kinds of things.
I always love a side of guacamole with everything.
I definitely only want to do charity work that I'm hands-on involved in. I don't want to get a dress on and go to a stupid event.
I shopped a lot on 1stdibs.com when I first started modelling. Just whenever, I've always been on and bought all my furniture on 1stdibs.com.
