American,Novelist
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men. True nobility lies in being superior to your former self.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
Courage is grace under pressure.
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
The first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency; the second is war. Both bring a temporary prosperity; both bring a permanent ruin. But both are the refuge of political and economic opportunists.
All things truly wicked start from innocence.
We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Never mistake motion for action.
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
You see, I am trying in all my stories to get the feeling of the actual life across - not to just depict life - or criticize it - but to actually make it alive. So that when you have read something by me, you actually experience the thing. You can't do this without putting in the bad and the ugly as well as what is beautiful.
Time is the least thing we have of.
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.
For a true writer, each book should be a new beginning where he tries again for something that is beyond attainment. He should always try for something that has never been done or that others have tried and failed. Then sometimes, with great luck, he will succeed.
His talent was as natural as the pattern that was made by the dust on a butterfly's wings. At one time he understood it no more than the butterfly did and he did not know when it was brushed or marred.
About morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after.
The only thing that could spoil a day was people. People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.
If a writer knows enough about what he is writing about, he may omit things that he knows. The dignity of movement of an iceberg is due to only one ninth of it being above water.
You can wipe out your opponents. But if you do it unjustly you become eligible for being wiped out yourself.
Somebody just back of you while you are fishing is as bad as someone looking over your shoulder while you write a letter to your girl.
There's no one thing that is true. They're all true.
The game of golf would lose a great deal if croquet mallets and billiard cues were allowed on the putting green.
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.
I never had to choose a subject - my subject rather chose me.
All our words from loose using have lost their edge.
I'm not going to get into the ring with Tolstoy.
No weapon has ever settled a moral problem. It can impose a solution but it cannot guarantee it to be a just one.
I rewrote the ending to 'Farewell to Arms,' the last page of it, thirty-nine times before I was satisfied.
Why should anybody be interested in some old man who was a failure?
I know war as few other men now living know it, and nothing to me is more revolting. I have long advocated its complete abolition, as its very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a method of settling international disputes.
Wars are caused by undefended wealth.
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.
What is moral is what you feel good after, and what is immoral is what you feel bad after.
All my life I've looked at words as though I were seeing them for the first time.
I've tried to reduce profanity but I reduced so much profanity when writing the book that I'm afraid not much could come out. Perhaps we will have to consider it simply as a profane book and hope that the next book will be less profane or perhaps more sacred.
There is no rule on how to write. Sometimes it comes easily and perfectly; sometimes it's like drilling rock and then blasting it out with charges.
Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor.
After you finish a book, you know, you're dead. But no one knows you're dead. All they see is the irresponsibility that comes in after the terrible responsibility of writing.
I always rewrite each day up to the point where I stopped. When it is all finished, naturally you go over it. You get another chance to correct and rewrite when someone else types it, and you see it clean in type. The last chance is in the proofs. You're grateful for these different chances.
Switzerland is a small, steep country, much more up and down than sideways, and is all stuck over with large brown hotels built on the cuckoo clock style of architecture.
When you have shot one bird flying you have shot all birds flying. They are all different and they fly in different ways but the sensation is the same and the last one is as good as the first.
I know now that there is no one thing that is true - it is all true.
I learned never to empty the well of my writing, but always to stop when there was still something there in the deep part of the well, and let it refill at night from the springs that fed it.
When I am working on a book or a story, I write every morning as soon after first light as possible. There is no one to disturb you, and it is cool or cold, and you come to your work and warm as you write.
To be a successful father... there's one absolute rule: when you have a kid, don't look at it for the first two years.
I don't like to write like God. It is only because you never do it, though, that the critics think you can't do it.
When writing a novel a writer should create living people; people not characters. A character is a caricature.
When you go to war as a boy, you have a great illusion of immortality. Other people get killed, not you... Then, when you are badly wounded the first time, you lose that illusion, and you know it can happen to you.
Decadence is a difficult word to use since it has become little more than a term of abuse applied by critics to anything they do not yet understand or which seems to differ from their moral concepts.
Once we have a war there is only one thing to do. It must be won. For defeat brings worse things than any that can ever happen in war.
Things may not be immediately discernible in what a man writes, and in this sometimes he is fortunate; but eventually they are quite clear, and by these and the degree of alchemy that he possesses, he will endure or be forgotten.
That is what we are supposed to do when we are at our best - make it all up - but make it up so truly that later it will happen that way.
'For Whom the Bell Tolls' was a problem which I carried on each day. I knew what was going to happen in principle. But I invented what happened each day I wrote.
A man's got to take a lot of punishment to write a really funny book.
That terrible mood of depression of whether it's any good or not is what is known as The Artist's Reward.
The good parts of a book may be only something a writer is lucky enough to overhear or it may be the wreck of his whole damn life and one is as good as the other.
When I have an idea, I turn down the flame, as if it were a little alcohol stove, as low as it will go. Then it explodes and that is my idea.
If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work.
Pound's crazy. All poets are. They have to be. You don't put a poet like Pound in the loony bin.
You can write any time people will leave you alone and not interrupt you. Or, rather, you can if you will be ruthless enough about it. But the best writing is certainly when you are in love.
It's none of their business that you have to learn how to write. Let them think you were born that way.
Personal columnists are jackals and no jackal has been known to live on grass once he had learned about meat - no matter who killed the meat for him.
There are events which are so great that if a writer has participated in them his obligation is to write truly rather than assume the presumption of altering them with invention.
Ezra was right half the time, and when he was wrong, he was so wrong you were never in any doubt about it.
Certainly it is valuable to a trained writer to crash in an aircraft which burns. He learns several important things very quickly. Whether they will be of use to him is conditioned by survival. Survival, with honor, that outmoded and all-important word, is as difficult as ever and as all-important to a writer.
