American,Businessman
When I meet with the founders of a new company, my advice is almost always, 'Do fewer things.' It's true of partnerships, marketing opportunities, anything that's taking up your time. The vast majority of things are distractions, and very few really matter to your success.
If you look at the Internet, the vast majority of start-ups are not successful. But the ones that are, are very very successful. So you can't point to the unsuccessful ones and say, 'There's no hope for this field.' It's just that they had the wrong idea or they had bad execution.
Google started out when the dot-com boom was happening. It grew under the radar of big companies that were competing in but basically ignoring search. Then they were able to really invest during the bust for a long time.
I subscribe to about 200 blogs. I look for insights and good writing, and I look to get smarter.
After high school, I enrolled at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln, but I stayed only a year and a half. I felt college was a waste of time; I wanted to start working.
The things that keep nagging at you are the ones worth exploring.
Most of the great businesses of our time have experimented. Like Google.
Blogging got the concept of personal publishing, but it didn't really take advantage of the network.
I believe that companies that are independent are more competitive, ultimately.
I suspect there's a lot of validity to the premise that big companies aren't going to attract entrepreneurial talent.
I'm not a big-company guy. I need freedom and control.
The promoted tweet is a real tweet that a company may have sent out that they want more distribution for. They will buy key words for it. If people are looking for something related, it will show up.
Twitter isn't a social network, it's an information network.
Twitter is a very easy way to keep in touch.
'What is Twitter?' has always been a tough question to answer.
Blogging and traditional media work together. Twitter complements traditional media.
Twitter was designed to be this system that you just scan for information that's important or useful to you and then walk away, and if you wanna take a break you take a break.
The only reason Twitter itself would be a fad is if someone comes along and does it better.
I used to tweet about the most mundane things - like 'I just bought a soya latte' - but now I try and make it a bit more interesting.
My life has been a series of well-orchestrated accidents; I've always suffered from hallucinogenic optimism.
I was broke for more than 10 years. I remember staying up all night one night at my first company and looking in couch cushions the next morning for some change to buy coffee.
There's something about just hanging around when it comes to success on the Internet.
What the Internet is great at is building networks.
Anything I've done that really worked happened because, either by sheer will or a lack of options, I was incredibly focused on one problem.
I had a blog for many years. Once you develop your readership on your blog, and you can put something out there or direct traffic or get attention - it's like a super power.
Every time you start a company - and I've started five or six - you have the opportunity to screw up in whole new ways.
