American,Actress
My life has never been easy. It's like all the major events of my life have always been difficult.
I do think children come in wired a certain way. Why else would I be filled with hope and optimism? You just could not keep me down for very long. You can call it grace or a gift from God, but I do think I came in with it.
I don't ever remember not praying. Bedtime prayers, the rosary, praying for friends, relatives, for the sick and for those who had died. It was a natural part of our lives.
When I first went to New York I was right out of high school, I was 17 years old, and I had never seen a building over two stories high.
I started in live television and I've done a lot of live TV and that's really the thing that I love best. I love flying by the seat of my pants.
I'm a '70s mom, and my daughter is a '90s mom. I know a lot of women my age who are real computer freaks.
I still get so much fan mail addressed to Carol Brady, and I think a lot of it's through the Net. And I always answer it, if it's legible.
I have four of the most incredible children. And I have five grandchildren.
It was in 1969, and I thought, wow, you know, I really didn't want to do a TV series. You know, I had my own act, and I was performing in Vegas and doing all of these exciting things.
I frequently am contacted by people who want to thank me for 'The Brady Bunch.' Whether they grew up during the show's original television run or are brand-new fans of the present generation, they tell me how important 'The Brady Bunch' has been in their lives.
My children and their happiness have always been my greatest concern.
Being a mom makes you far more compassionate. You have more empathy for people, more love. I was always taught to say thank you, and I'm very grateful. And my kids have that quality, too.
I may have more than one friend with benefits. It's very healthy for the heart. I think no matter how old you are - and I am pretty up there in terms of numbers - I think you should do whatever makes you happy.
There is no age limit on the enjoyment of sex. It keeps getting better.
I don't know that I would want to be married again, but I do love companionship.
It's so important to keep moving and don't buy into the myth. I say do anything you feel like as long as you don't hurt yourself or hurt anyone else. And things don't stop working in your body or your mind.
For me, 'The Brady Bunch' is just a part of the fabric of my career, but for a lot of people, that's it.
I had an instinct to gravitate towards people who were smarter than I was, teachers that were nice people that were trying to do things in life that were constructive, and that's what I gravitated to instead of what I saw and what I was in.
You don't get happy by sitting around going on, 'Oh this is a horrible situation, what to do?' You've got to find the courage to change that. I think change is extremely hard for people.
I don't remember ever not singing. My mother loved music, and she taught me songs, country music, spirituals. I would sing for people and pass the hat when I was 4.
A lot of women say to me, 'You know, I really hated you because my kids wanted you to be their mother.'
I grew up in a very large, poor family.
If you want to wear long hair or wear that dress, as long as you're not hurting yourself or anybody else, I say do it. If you want to go out and have a romantic, sexy affair, do it.
