American,Actress
Once you wake up and smell the coffee, it's hard to go back to sleep.
Well, my favorite color I guess I would say yellow.
Well, every time I get ready to do a job I want to lose weight.
I told her I wanted a plastic surgeon to sew me up, and I wanted her to freeze my ovaries, so I could harvest the eggs and have a biological child through a surrogate.
I've gone very far, far away, but my character keeps me close to home.
If we don't empower ourselves with knowledge, then we're gonna be led down a garden path.
Life is precious and there's not a lot of room for anger.
I've lived, laughed, lost, and loved again the whole Shakespearian thing.
I like to cook, walk on the beach, go to concerts and look at fine art.
My clothes are predominately black and my home is predominantly white.
And remember, it's also very funny, because side by side with grief lies joy.
Since my illness, I've felt the presence of my angels.
I'm very involved in the writing on every level.
Every time you go to the doctor and get a good report, the odds keep staking more in your favour.
I've lived three lifetimes in my short time.
I had my moments when I got very frightened that I would not recover.
I have been dairy free for several years, and I started because I felt it was going to reduce my allergies, which it did, and help me lose weight, which it did.
You know I think that going into therapy is a very positive thing, and talking about it is really helpful, because the more you talk the more your fears fade, because you get it out.
Though I'm not religious in the classical sense I did partake in Passover.
I started as a teenager going up on commercials.
I did a terrible television pilot that was so badly written and dumb that it became a turning point for me and I decided that I would never accept a job just because I needed the money.
It was a small provincial place with great people and I had a happy childhood growing up in Queens.
I have very eclectic taste in music, but when it comes to going to concerts, I like going to rock concerts.
I like writing better. Because I don't have to wear makeup, I don't have to be thin, and I don't have to remember lines.
I was popular. I wasn't the most popular. But I definitely held my own.
I choose the places I go to carefully and wisely. I'll rarely go to a shopping mall anymore.
