American,Musician
Just keep taking chances and having fun.
I just love to see people having a good time.
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
Stand straight, walk proud, have a little faith.
That smell of freshly cut grass makes me think of Friday night football in high school. The smell of popcorn and cigar smoke reminds me of the stadium. The cutting of the grass reminds me of the August practice.
Here's my whole marketing idea: treat people the way you want to be treated.
Happiness isn't getting what you want, it's wanting what you got.
The greatest conflicts are not between two people but between one person and himself.
All the artists out there, I ask you and beg you: Take over your ship. It's your career. It's your life.
Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.
I can take the steel guitars and fiddles off, we can make it a little more pop, cover ideas that are a little less cowboy. But you got to look at yourself in the mirror and ask, whose flag you are under? For Garth Brooks, I'm steel, fiddles, red, white and blue.
Any time I'm in a moving thing, like an airplane, I'm usually asleep before we even get on our way.
People aren't always themselves. They're always holding back something.
I'm very square and proud of it. The flag stays on the porch here.
I go home, and I'm a blob. I just lay there and don't do anything - lay by the pool with the other husbands while the wives work. It's fantastic. It's really good. That's kind of our life at home.
Thank God I'm with the love of my life. That's why I know I'm right where I'm supposed to be.
Before the show, we see all these radio people, and most of them say, 'Garth, you're a lot calmer than I thought you were gonna be.' But when the members of the band give one another that handshake, and the lights go out, and the crowd goes up, then you're sliding into the elevator, man, your heart is just going bopbopbopbopbop.
If you're true to yourself, you just do what you do.
You can't succeed if you don't know what losing is.
One of the greatest gifts we have is our own mistakes and somebody singing about them.
I'd love to play a villain in a movie, the kind of bad guy you would never think of me being able to play. Like most people, I have a darker side I'd like to explore onscreen.
I believe in the 'Wal-Mart' school of business. The less people pay, the more they enjoy it.
Country music is what is sincere; that's the main thing.
Don't change a thing. That's one of the best gimmicks a band could ever come up with.
Whatever I do, I hope it's quality, I hope it's something that's class.
I'd like to think a baseball picture is somewhere in my future.
I love being a part of country music. I love going out and... doing things for the first time for country music. I always enjoy that.
I spend all my time right now trying to combat music retail and copyright.
I remember in the '80s, Randy Travis was my guy. He's the reason I moved to Nashville, and I just loved him. But at some point when he was winning everything, you find yourself pulling for other people.
My hardest thing was to let go, to be happy for everybody and just to enjoy. And go back to being what you were before you became an artist, and that was just a fan.
I try to do my best.
Nashville, there's people that are ten times more talented than me, ten times better singer than me, song writer than me, but for some reason you get the ball, and now - and now you run with it. And you do the best you can.
The most important days, more than any Grammy award thing or anything, is the day that you're responsible for snacks after the game.
If we see too much of one person, even though we like that person, we start to kind of pull for other people.
In our house, everyone's opinion is welcome. I grew up in a house where everything wasn't when it came to politics or religion.
My father and brothers were in the military.
I am the last guy that wants to quit making music.
That's what you want to do as an older artist - you want to reinvent, but there has to be that vein in there for why people were listening to you before in the first place.
How many songs in your life were your favorite songs but never were singles on albums?
The hardest part about this business is accepting the back end with the same love that you accepted the front end.
People said, 'How could you walk away from music?' But being a dad - there's nothing that can touch that.
Once you've figured out how to wait on people and clean toilets, it makes you very mindful of how you treat the people who are serving you.
I don't care if people remember Garth Brooks.
I'm one of those guys who has to have a constant something going inside and in front of my face. If not, I get in trouble.
Be with someone who is kind. I think that's it. Just to love one another was the thing I would want to do. It's a thing that you can't stop doing.
I live my life by these little church signs you see as you drive around, and there's one near me that says, 'If we really knew each other, we would neither idolise nor condemn.' And that's it: if we all knew each other, then we wouldn't treat anybody any different. And there wouldn't be any big stars, I guess.
In advertising, you have a small window to say the most you can. That's what songwriting is. The difference is, you get to put the leaves on the trees and colour 'em in.
It's the sweetest thing to be a parent of a daughter. When they hit their twenties, they become these lovebugs that come back. It's just so sweet.
My retiring days are behind me - they're going to have to throw me out now.
What you do on tour is you build this 'You and me against the world' thing.
You can't deny RCA's past and its history. I was also on Capitol Records, so I have that past history.
I feel very lucky to get to fly the flag of RCA Records and Sony Music.
I don't think the label makes the artist or the artist makes the label. It's the music that makes everything work or not.
The dads across the soccer field looked at me as a dad just like them. And I was very grateful.
There's always hunger to create because I believe that's what I do. I believe that's what I'm supposed to be doing.
Why I got into music was James Taylor, so to see him be a real down-to-earth guy that's unbelievably talented... then to hear him sing those lyrics of 'What I'm Thankful For,' which is a song Ms. Yearwood and I got to write together, that was definitely a highlight of my recording life.
I wrote 'The River' practically trying to rip off every lick that James Taylor had, so it was neat to hear him sing those lyrics because that's who inspired you to write them.
Awards are for young people. They just are.
I introduce her as the love of my life everywhere that we go. She introduces me as her current husband. So you can see how the relationship kinda works here.
No offense to music - thank you for Entertainer of the Year and all that stuff. But if you're a father or a mother, there's nothing that beats being a parent, and that's the best time of my life right there.
I wouldn't trade a thing. Even the troubles that I had. I have become the husband and mate to my wife that I have because of what I went through, including the bad times. I wouldn't trade that.
We're just a real dirty band. We're raw, and we're rough. None of us are top-scale, top-line musicians. But I tell you what, you get your top-line musicians and see if they can entertain like us.
I was lucky enough to go home and raise our babies.
I don't think it's changed that much when you go on the principle if Garth introduced more rock into country music, then Florida Georgia Line's gonna introduce more dance and more beat-driven stuff into country music. That's just how it's gonna go. So whatever influences you as a kid, you're gonna put in your music.
If the artists would just keep hammering away - unify, stick together - then music will become the king again, which is what it should be.
Music should always be first.
The great thing about albums is it gives you a lot of choices, and we can all say that the album business is dead, but watch Taylor Swift. I don't think it's dead. I just think we've got to hit on the energies that make people want to collect albums.
I'm gonna stay an album guy. In fact, concept albums are really blowing my mind right now, because if you want to promote an album, think about it - a concept album might be the way to go.
With Ghost Tunes, you just try to do what's right. And what's right is whatever the copyright owner wants to do with their music, they do it.
Your band members? Your band members don't want to be tied to a machine. They want to be playing. That's what the Beatles did. And the Beatles' stuff is timeless. That's what I would suggest. Just get back to sweating, playing hard, hammering, and having a blast.
I'm worried a lot of our work day as artists is a producer's creation - not an artist's creation.
I spend most of my time at concerts hoping for that one second that the artist looks at me, I look at the artist, and that's when I get to say, 'Thank you.'
Doing new stuff live is tough just simply because I pay my money, I stand in my seats, and I see the guys I love. And if I paid that ticket, there's a good chance that I'm there to hear the stuff that made me fall in love with 'em - we call it the 'old stuff.'
Music keeps you eternally young. It just does.
What I love about 'Midnight Train' is that it's a song about a journey, but the music actually takes you on that journey. It feels like you're moving through the whole song.
