American,Actress
I have an elbow that bends the wrong way, and I'd do things like stand in an elevator and the doors would close, and I'd pretend that my arm had got caught in it, and then I'd scream, 'Ow, ow, put it back!'
I have a Web site that parents and girls can use to learn about Title IX and take action if they find their school is not in compliance. Thirty years after Title IX passed, 80 percent of schools are not in compliance.
Archery is something that I took up later and didn't know I had a natural aptitude for.
Rosie knows how to play ball. She's an athlete, for sure.
I haven't ever gone to any Mensa meetings.
Archers are pretty focused.
This dapper little mouse that wore such cute clothes and said such interesting things, yeah. I thought it was a great idea to have a mouse like that in your family, so now I get to see what it was like.
If you risk nothing, then you risk everything.
Something's like crossed over in me and I can't go back. I couldn't live.
It's a fantasy that we could have a president who could actually make choices based on what's right, rather than having to weigh the political fallout. But that's sort of what we're showing. And you can dream.
We're making this as entertainment. But God willing, if this show stays on and people see a woman in that office for a while, I think it will help people become more used to it. It's certainly about time that we had a few female presidents.
So many other countries have had female leaders, in fact the U.S. ranks 61st in female representation in government and I think it is startling and sign of a change that needs to be made.
I just read that 81 percent of Americans are ready to vote for a woman. So it sounds like America is ready.
Somebody warned me early on to be very careful about brushing up against the chocolate.
As an Independent, she has no party backing... Her being the first Independent president trumps the fact that she's a woman. It causes even more upheaval in Washington than her being female.
A woman as the leader of the Free World is an impossibility. Muslim countries won't talk to you.
Look at the number of cop shows and lawyer shows and forensics shows... I think there could be room for two quite different examinations of the same political office.
I played this character twice in live action, and now I've become an animated character. It was actually fun to see myself drawn - I've never been a drawn character before.
When my friends and I would act out movies as kids, we'd play the guys' roles, since they had the most interesting things to do. Decades later, I can hardly believe my sons and daughter are seeing many of the same limited choices in current films.
It's really important for boys to see that girls take up half of the planet - which we do.
I've always looked up to him, even though he is shorter.
We're showing kids a world that is very scantily populated with women and female characters. They should see female characters taking up half the planet, which we do.
