American,Politician
The Electoral College was necessary when communications were poor, literacy was low, and voters lacked information about out-of-state figures, which is clearly no longer the case.
Every citizen's vote should count in America, not just the votes of partisan insiders in the Electoral College.
Punishment for putting patients at risk ought to reflect the gravity of manufacturing, distributing or selling counterfeit medications.
E-waste is the fastest growing waste stream in the United States and can pose serious environmental and health problems here and around the world when not handled properly.
I hear from broadcasters pretty often. Their ad revenue is down.
Cap and trade is not an easy one for refiners, so we tried to get some moderation in the bill, and we did, but not near as much I would like.
People have the right to know the drugs they are taking will make them better instead of harming them.
You work really hard on something, and if you're lucky, you get a break.
The Hunting Bayou and Greens Bayou watersheds have experienced major flooding over the years and are crying out for investment to protect the hundreds of thousands of residents and businesses in those areas.
The Federal Communications Commission licensed satellite radio to be a national-only radio service.
I support the free enterprise system, and I want companies to make money, but they shouldn't be reaping profits from the deaths of their employees or former employees.
In some cases, corporations engaged in this activity have as much as 16 percent of their profits generated through the holding of 'janitor's insurance.'
Women who may choose to have silicone breast implants are entitled to independent research to ensure they have complete and comprehensive information. It's especially important since so many women have experienced complications with their implants they never knew were possible.
I have a lot of hard-working, blue-collar people in my district who are at the end of their unemployment benefits.
If you're not worried, you're not reasonable.
Sen. Clinton carried our district, and it is difficult to vote against your constituents.
It's no secret I was part of John Dingell's whip team.
The Vietnam War soured President Johnson's legacy. We still have to recognize his domestic legacy.
As the pace of technology increases, the amount of toxic electronic waste is piling up at home and abroad.
Many Americans are unaware that discarded electronics often contain lead, mercury, and other toxins and end up being salvaged under inhumane conditions in the developing world.
If the EPA cannot or will not act to halt the toxic e-waste trade to developing nations, then Congress should take action.
What happened with Keystone is it actually poisoned the well for other pipelines that are not as controversial.
Floor time is valuable. Our leadership isn't going to bring something up that's going to take up floor time and not be successful.
The significant regulatory impact of reclassifying broadband services is not something that should be taken lightly and should not be done without additional direction from Congress.
There's a value in used electronic equipment, and currently, there are small, domestic recyclers that process this equipment safely. But they have a hard time competing with facilities overseas that have few, if any, environmental and safety standards.
What auto and steel is to Ohio River Valley, refineries are to the oil regions. You wouldn't tell Silicon Valley you're going to put a moratorium on high-tech.
Our federal resources, our U.S. marshals, and the federal court system are being used, I think, by the private sector.
I'd like to vote for a bill. But I'm not going to vote for one unless I think it's going to be good for the area I represent.
Ultimately, refiners, like all of us, are going to have to clean up their emissions.
I've worked with Fred Upton, and I think we've got a lot of common agreement on energy production.
Frankly, whatever assistance people get from FEMA will not have a lot of extras built into it, so they will need every dollar.
I've never been a 'yes person.'
You have to have patience to be a legislator.
The result may not be perfect. But our forefathers wanted us to compromise to get things done for America.
I represent a blue-collar district: people who work at petrochemical plants and machine shops.
I'm not a green like most Democrats would be. I have a blue-collar district.
I did have a constituent four or five years ago - she never liked me. So, she called, I returned her call, and she was complaining about something, and she said: 'And why do you always use green? I think it's narcissistic.' And I said, 'Well, ma'am, everyone has to have a gimmick, and that's my gimmick.'
I get better coverage on my Spanish stations than I do on my English stations.
