American,Director
My stories are about humans and how they react, or fail to react, or react stupidly. I'm pointing the finger at us, not at the zombies. I try to respect and sympathize with the zombies as much as possible.
I expect a zombie to show up on 'Sesame Street' soon, teaching kids to count.
A zombie film is not fun without a bunch of stupid people running around and observing how they fail to handle the situation.
The very fact that you thought of it means that, somewhere in your mind, it's believable to you. All you have to do is convince your audience that it's possible.
To me, the zombies have always just been zombies. They've always been a cigar. When I first made 'Night of the Living Dead,' it got analyzed and overanalyzed way out of proportion. The zombies were written about as if they represented Nixon's Silent Majority or whatever. But I never thought about it that way.
For me, tribalism and religion are basically the big reasons we're in trouble. Patriotism, tribalism, and religion.
If one horror film hits, everyone says, 'Let's go make a horror film.' It's the genre that never dies.
I have a very quiet life. There's nothing weird.
I sympathize with the zombies and am not even sure they are villains. To me they are this earth-changing thing. God or the devil changed the rules, and dead people are not staying dead.
As great as Ed is, the wisdom out here is that he can't carry a movie. They'll pay him $3 million to be the second banana in Julia Roberts things. But they won't put up $3 million for an Ed Harris movie.
I really believe that you could do horror very inexpensively. I don't think it has anything to do with the effects, the effects are not the most important parts.
People say you're trapped in this genre. You're a horror guy. I say wait a minute - I'm able to say exactly what I think. I'm able to talk about, comment about, take snapshots of what's going on at the time. I don't feel trapped. I feel like this is my way of being able to express myself.
I sit around listening to classical music. I don't play video games. I love to go to dinner, go on picnics, travel.
When you're working with a low budget, the most expensive time is the time spent on the set. The words of the day are, 'Get off the set as quickly as possible,' and so CG enables you to do that.
I always thought of the zombies as being about revolution, one generation consuming the next.
The grotesque has never really affected or frightened me. I guess it's real-life stuff that frightens me much more.
'The Thing from Another World' was the first movie that really scared me. But the one that made me want to make movies was 'The Tales of Hoffman.' That's my favorite film of all time. It's a fantasy film. It's an opera. I never get tired of it.
I'm like my zombies. I won't stay dead!
Zombies are always moving fast in video games. It makes sense if you think about it. Those games are all about hand-eye coordination and how quickly can you get them before they get you.
I also have always liked the monster within idea. I like the zombies being us. Zombies are the blue-collar monsters.
I really liked the helicopter pilot in 'Dawn of the Dead', when he gets bitten and comes out of the elevator. That guy was amazing. He did this incredible walk that we didn't even know about until we started shooting.
I can't really make fun of zombies. They're not liars. They're not cheats.
I'm telling you, man, after I did 'Land of the Dead,' which Mark Canton produced, Universal picked it up, and I had to use stars. I didn't think I needed stars - Dennis Hopper was in it. I loved him. We hung out. I loved him, but his cigar budget was more than we paid for the entire budget of 'Night of the Living Dead.'
Collaborate, don't dictate.
The zombie was just an intriguing character; it is a sympathetic character.
My zombie films were all sort of satirical, with political messages. So I was doing them inexpensively and quietly off in left field somewhere.
'The Thing from Another World' was the first movie that really scared me.
When I was old enough to go to movies alone, I got to see 'Frankenstein' and 'Dracula' on the big screen. I just fell in love with them.
My zombies will never take over the world because I need the humans. The humans are the ones I dislike the most, and they're where the trouble really lies.
On the other side of that coin, and far outweighing it, is the fact that I've been able to use genre of Fantasy/Horror and express my opinion, talk a little about society, do a little bit of satire and that's been great, man. A lot of people don't have that platform.
I go to conventions and universities and talk to young filmmakers and everybody's making a zombie movie! It's because it's easy to get the neighbors to come out, put some ketchup on them.
What the Internet's value is that you have access to information but you also have access to every lunatic that's out there that wants to throw up a blog.
Anybody who tunes into Rush Limabaugh already knows what he's going to say and is already inclined to agree. So it winds up creating tribes.
I've only actually done one studio film. I want to be left alone.
My films, I've tried to put a message into them. It's not about the gore; it's not about the horror element that are in them. It's more about the message, for me. That's what it is, and I'm using this platform to be able to show my feelings of what I think.
When you're shooting super-low-budget - we had 20 days to shoot 'Diary,' and a little over $2 - time is money.
I wanted 'Night of the Living Dead' to look naturalistic, but we weren't able to do it because we were shooting with a blimped 35mm camera, which is automatically static.
I've made six zombie films; I've tried consciously to make each one different from the next.
Film is a very expensive medium.
'Martin' is my favorite film of mine and 'Knightriders' a close second.
My stuff is my stuff. I do it for my own reasons, using my own peculiar set of guidelines.
There are very few horror films that I think are worth their salt.
The horror films that I've made have been satirical in one way or another or political, and I really think that's the purpose of horror. I don't see that happening very often.
I'd love to make a film like 'Pan's Labyrinth.'
A lot of my friends are people who do horror films: Wes Craven, John Carpenter, Stephen King.
When we made 'Night of the Living Dead,' we got riddled. There was this famous article Roger Ebert wrote just blasting the film because he had gone to see it at some screening where there were all these kids in the audience. I don't know why that happened. We didn't make the movie for kids.
One thing about a film production is that it must run efficiently; there is no room for dead wood. So somebody that hangs around by the coffee wagon won't get hired again, but somebody who is dedicated and works hard and really puts out will get noticed by the people that matter around there and will get asked to come back again.
I've seen so many young filmmakers - even professional filmmakers who get a Hollywood deal - they don't quite know where to begin, where to end, and they'll waste a lot of time making this perfect shot, an establishing shot, and then there's no time left to shoot the dialogue.
I love a couple of Fulci things. I just had a gas watching them. It's not what I would do, but I loved watching them. They were fun.
I don't want to do 'Beyond the Planet of the Apes.' I don't want a zombie society. I don't want to go that far.
I always have CNN on. That's where I get my ideas.
I'm amazed. I go to these conventions, and the fans that come, sometimes my line goes all day.
Some directors work from day to day. I work from moment to moment.
I do think of my films as morality plays, even though my reputation is, you know, splatter films and like that. But I think of them as very moral.
I want 'Dawn' to play like a cowboys and Indians movie.
After 'Land,' I wanted to do something about emerging media and citizen journalism, so I got this idea for 'Diary of the Dead.'
With CG, I can do more and be sillier. In 'Diary,' there's a scene where they hit a guy with acid, and the camera is never off him, and you see it gradually eat through his skull and get all the way through his brain. That's fun, too.
I grew up on EC comic books and 'Tales From the Crypt,' which were all loaded with humor, bad jokes, and puns. I can have that kind of fun and make these comic book movies but, at the same time, talk about things I want to talk about - whether it's consumerism or the Bush administration or war.
I like to use horror as allegory.
I guess my stuff needs to grow on people. Too bad! That seems to happen with all of it.
There is something about the sameness people like. And what I've tried to do with all the zombie films is purposely make them different. That may be part of why it takes so long for people to see what it's intended to be.
At the time we did 'Night,' I was a director of television commercials. Some of them cost a lot more than our whole movie. They were very slick, sophisticated... we wanted the opposite look for 'Night.' We wanted it to look like a newsreel.
With 'Dawn,' I wanted the slick look; I wanted to bring out the nature of the shopping center, the retail displays, the mannequins. There are times when maybe you reflect that the mannequins are more attractive but less real - less sympathetic, even - than the zombies. Put those kinds of images side by side, and you raise all sorts of questions.
I did 'Land of the Dead,' which was the biggest zombie film I had ever made. I don't think it needed to be that big. That money went largely to the cast. They were great, but I don't think that money needed to be spent.
I used to be able to pitch them on the basis of the zombie action, and I could hide the message inside that. Now, you can't. The moment you mention the word 'zombie,' it's got to be, 'Hey, Brad Pitt paid $400 million to do that.'
As movie monsters go, zombies are the most human. They were human at one time. So we are confronted with ourselves in a way, which is much more frightening and disturbing.
The 'Dead' films allow me to talk about things that a drama, say, won't. 'Dawn Of The Dead,' which was set in a shopping mall, is on one level about consumerism; 'Land Of The Dead' is a response to Bush.
I didn't much care for the 'Dawn' remake. It was a well-made action movie but really wasn't anything like my 'Dawn Of The Dead.'
I liked the '28 Days Later' films, but they're not zombies; they're not dead. They're not using it in the same way.
If you look to the few films that have been really successful, 'Insidious,' 'Paranormal Activity,' it's all basically the old monsters.
There aren't that many monsters. It's very hard to create a new monster.
I love 'Shaun of the Dead.'
Nursery rhymes were political when they were first written! To me, that's what it's about: it's about using it to say something more than just what the story is.
Basically, I'm an EC comic book guy, man. You can show me anything that's high-spirited horror, and I'll be there giggling.
You can get an audience no matter what your opinion is.
You just wish you could lobotomize yourself and just do a thing that's really on instinct. There's always a certain self-consciousness. And you worry about that.
Is Michael Moore an honest documentarian? Honestly? I don't think he is... The real discussion gets left behind the entertainment value.
My film collection is all oldies.
If I go to a movie and it's particularly violent, and people are leaving the theatre ready to vomit, we're sitting there with our popcorn just chuckling.
In 2007, 'Diary of the Dead' all of a sudden made money. I was blindsided by that.
Because of 'World War Z' and 'The Walking Dead,' I can't pitch a modest little zombie film which is meant to be sociopolitical.
Comic books and radio were my escape. I even remember 3-D comic books where you put on the red-and-green glasses and Mighty Mouse would punch you in the face. It was the literature of the day for kids my age who were too bored with listening to 'Peter and the Wolf' on the record player.
When you are working with low budgets and you have a gunshot with a squib and it goes wrong - the gun flash does not synchronize with the squib or whatever - it takes half an hour or 40 minutes to clean it all up and reset it. It's much easier to use a computer to paint in the flash and splatter.
I will never make a film where zombies are threatening to take over the planet.
The main thing people took from 'Night of the Living Dead' was that it was a racial statement movie, and that was completely unintended.
I won't say I'm uncompromising, but I won't compromise just for the hell of it.
Pittsburgh, for a while, became a production centre. There was one $400 million year. Hollywood was bringing productions in there. Films like 'The Silence of the Lambs' and 'Innocent Blood.' So my guys, the guys I worked with, were able to have careers and live at home. But then it dried up, and a lot of my friends left.
'Day of the Dead' remains my favourite zombie film of mine.
Most of my stuff was sort of of-the-time. 'The Crazies' was, basically, we were angry about Vietnam, and it had a reason for being.
Neighbors are frightening enough when they're alive.
I'm basically a fairly traditional filmmaker.
Horror films are the anchovies of the cinema. Either you like them, or you don't.
I've never had a zombie eat a brain! I don't know where that comes from. Who says zombies eat brains?
I go to these horror conventions all the time, and these audiences get so deep into it. They've pulled apart every movie fifty ways from Sunday.
I remember when John Cameron Swayze over the television told me personally that the Russians now had the atomic bomb; then I knew that we were goners.
I grew up in New York City. And I lived in the Bronx in a place called Parkchester.
I'm more alarmed by people reacting violently to the violence in my films than I am by the violence in films.
Zombies cannot run.
Zombies are my ticket to ride! It's how I get a deal! I don't care what they are. I don't care where they came from.
Zombies to me don't represent anything in particular. They are a global disaster that people don't know how to deal with.
In the old days, there were three networks, and all of a sudden, Walter Cronkite is the most trusted man in America. Everybody believes what he says, not even thinking. In those days, we didn't even know it was being spun. We were very willing to just listen to it and go along with.
I'm a Turner Classic Movies guy. That's it. I'd much rather sit here and watch an oldie than anything new.
I vote in the Academy, so I get all the screeners. I'm so often disappointed by all the material and especially by what wins. I find myself never voting for the winner.
The only advice you can give is, 'Don't let the bad stuff keep you down.'
Back then, in 1968, everything was suspect - family, government, and obviously the family unit in 'Night of the Living Dead' completely collapses. That's what we were focused on.
I have a soft spot in my heart for the zombies.
'Night of the Living Dead,' then 'Dawn of the Dead' is a few weeks later, 'Day of the Dead' months later, and 'Land of the Dead' is three years later. Each one spoke about a different decade and was stylistically different.
