American,Musician
Suicide is a serious thing. And if you know anyone who is suicidal, you need to get them help. No one should be in pain. Everyone should love themselves.
I want to be a vampire. They're the coolest monsters.
Heroes are ordinary people who make themselves extraordinary.
I'm not psycho... I just like psychotic things.
Life is very, very short, and you can choose to live it how you want. You can choose to dumb yourself down and not express yourself just so you can fit in, just so people won't dislike you.
Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic's best friend!
There's not a lot of art forms where you can control your presentation and your ideas.
So many people treat you like you're a kid so you might as well act like one and throw your television out of the hotel window.
I had a couple of really cool friends when I was a kid, and we'd find cool music and movies and show them to each other. My friend Dennis had a copy of 'A Clockwork Orange' and he'd already seen it once, and he was like, 'We need to watch this.' I was sleeping over his house - and I think we were literally 15 - and we watched it.
It is often my nature to be abstract, hidden in plain sight, or nowhere at all.
Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.
There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.
I feel like my mission is to be honest with myself. My mission is to share my truth - share, not give. I think that's what an artist is supposed to do: I think they share.
You should love yourself.
I'm a big fan of domino masks, like Zorro, or Robin. You could put a domino mask on anything, and it becomes a superhero. You put a domino mask on a milkman, and he becomes, like, Super Milkman.
I'd rather be a creature of the night than an old dude.
I wasn't bullied in high school, I was just ignored.
The clearest actions come from truth, not obligation.
My Chemical Romance is done. But it can never die.
People have evolved into something selfish, greedy and intolerant. People are unaccepting, because of religion, race, gender, sexual orientation... I've seen it in punk clubs, and I've seen it in the world.
I love watching 'Twilight Zone.' New Year's Eve they do the marathon; I watch it every year.
A lot of kids get disappointed. They expect me to be, like, 'Bwaah.' 'If I spend a minute with them, they end up saying, 'Wow, you're a nice, normal guy.' They hate it when they catch me out of my makeup.
To me, nothing feels more like being dead than being in your 20s and having no direction in your life.
Did Superman really want to save the world, or did he just feel like he had to? Would he much rather be a farmer? Maybe. Would he much rather be hanging out with his dad and his mom and his dog? Probably.
I've always seen My Chemical Romance as the band that would have represented who me and my friends were in high school, and the band that we didn't have to represent us - the kids that wore black - back then.
When Scorsese shoots a violent scene, it's very uncomfortable - it's not like watching 'Rambo.'
Alan Moore is a prophetic writer.
It was harder to break into comics than it was to become a singer in a rock band.
I do enjoy manga but would not consider myself a 'super-fan,' only really connecting with certain works such as 'Lone Wolf and Cub,' or 'Tekkon Kinkreet,' the more breakthrough works, and 'Akira,' to me, is the daddy of them all.
