American,Athlete
Am I complicated? Nah, I'm interesting. I just like having a good time.
You take that walk from the dressing room to the ring and that's when the real man comes out. Then you climb up those four stairs and into the ring. Then finally, you can't wait for the bell to ring.
All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through. While he was fighting his management was very excited for him, but now that he is done, that management team is moving on.
Boxing was not the sport that I thought is was due to all the politics.
It takes a strong person to admit he's got problems. Things are bugging you, you've got to get it out. Life is supposed to be peaches and cream, but it doesn't turn out that way. I sometimes found things confusing and sometimes didn't understand how things can be so difficult.
I've spent most of my life in prison. I was a prisoner of my fear and my low self-esteem.
I've had a long, long road with lots of ups and downs. But that's all behind me now.
You have a small period of time when you can perfect your career and become good at it. A lot of guys get distracted, which only hurts them. You must stay focused and work very hard at boxing.
I'm a real person. I have real feelings. I have real thoughts. It's a quality people like about me. They can reach out and touch me. I wouldn't give it up for anything.
After every fight, I knock myself down. I start from scratch again. I say, 'I'm not as good as I thought.' It makes you work harder. It makes you push harder. It's more than money. It's more than the title. It's my pride, and it can be scary thinking about it. I could lose. It's scary.
Every Saturday and Sunday, when the other guys were out having a good time at the mall, I was at home working in the garden.
I'm easygoing. There's a place and time for everything. When that bell rings, I'm not nice and easy. I'm not meek and passive.
I don't fear Holmes, but I think he's a good fighter. He has a lot of pride. But I wouldn't be fighting him if I feared him. It's going to be a tough fight. People say with all the hoopla out there, I won't be able to handle it. I believe the pressure's on him. I'm just going to do my thing.
Too many guys don't know what to do with their lives after boxing. I was lucky because I had two managers who didn't trust each other, and so they were always making sure where all the money was, and because of that, so did I.
I don't care what you say about me anymore! I don't care what you write about me anymore. I don't care! This is my life. I can't have anybody messing with my life. I just want to be Gerry Cooney, doing what I want to do. I want to be what I am. A fighter.
When I hurt Norton, I got scared. I looked to the referee. But in the same sense, you're a fighter: you gotta have the killer instinct.
The past is yesterday. I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
The road hasn't always been paved for me. People identify with that. Everybody passes through hard times, and I think that's part of my appeal - that I have, too.
I don't overswing any more. I can throw a punch and be right in position to punch again. No more 'Hail Mary' punches, where it took me five minutes to get back in position.
I either had to concentrate on fighting, or I had to help my family. I chose my family. I love my mom; I love my family.
It's tough waking up in the morning and reading derogatory stories about you.
I am involved in minor league baseball. I go around the country speaking to troubled youths, trying to help them understand that whatever path they choose, they'll need to really pay attention to it.
By the time you're 30 years old, you can be on a nowhere street, if you're not careful.
I grew up in a big Irish, Catholic family. My dad was a pretty rough guy. So one of my brothers left home when he was 15 and found his way to the gym. It gave me the opportunity to go and spend some time with him and work out in the gym.
I was a left hooker, and I loved hooking. I also really liked to jab and mix it up right away.
Muhammad Ali was the kind of guy you either loved or hated, but you wanted to see him. I happen to really love him. He brought boxing to another level and always made you laugh.
The Klitschko boys, they're great fighters, but they're just boring here in America.
Winning the Gloves made me believe I was somebody.
Joe DeGuardia, I love that guy. He's not a superstar promoter yet, but he will be. He was a fighter himself; he's staying the course with these guys. He's developing some good fighters out there. I really applaud him whenever I get a chance to.
When we first started in Huntington Recreation with John Capobianco, we put four kids in the Golden Gloves finals. We didn't even have a ring. We trained at Stimson Junior High School. They give us the gym three nights a week. We used to box in the gym - no ring, just on the gym floor.
Long Island has a great boxing tradition.
Sometimes it takes certain people longer to get over things than others.
I want to get me one of those titles.
People who think I lack desire are wrong.
Looking back, I couldn't get enough fights because Don King owned most of the top 10 fighters, and he never gave me a fight.
Everybody handles pressure differently.
I want to win. For myself first. And for all those people who stuck with me and understood.
Drug abuse is a very difficult disease.
When I fought Holmes, I feel I was a better fighter than he was. I was just so caught up in what was written about the fight - I got caught up in that whole thing.
I believe in my abilities as a fighter.
I really don't care who I fight.
My career got sidetracked after fighting Holmes.
In '82, I was a little too young, I was a little inexperienced, and I was more concerned with going the distance in the fight than going out and taking Holmes out.
I see Mike Tyson as too strong for Spinks.
For every athlete, the roar of the crowd goes away, and we have to learn how to turn the page.
I had money, but I still didn't know what to do with my life.
I believe in myself. I want to be a fighter. I want to be heavyweight champion of the world.
I was lucky. I held on to some of my money. I didn't really know what I wanted to do after boxing. But I found what I wanted to do.
It's great playing a sport where you don't get hit in the head.
Boxing was a way to express my anger. All of a sudden, I was expressing anger, and I was good at it. I was like a Jekyll and Hyde. Boxing helped me because I was fighting the anger out. I was knocking guys out.
If my son wants a boxing career, I won't stop him, but I definitely won't push him. It's bad for a kid to be pressured.
I have this want-to-be-liked thing, but deep down, I had this rage. I was just - I was blinded. I wasn't healthy enough to be able to learn more. I had one mode - to fight.
I liked to watch the expression in the fighter's face change when you connected with him. You know when you connect in the right spot. It's like a tunnel vision.
I have a great life. I'm the happiest guy in the world.
When I was 15, I decided to take up the sport seriously, so I went down to the Y.M.C.A. My first day there, this little Italian guy beat my brains out. I decided to quit. Then I realized I really wanted to be a fighter. I worked at it, went back, and that little Italian guy didn't beat me up no more.
My father never once told me he loved me. I told him I loved him only one time - that was when he was sick. It was hard, the way he showed his love. I didn't understand what he was trying to teach me. Now I know, but it came too late for him to see it. After he was gone, I realized he was trying to strengthen my mind to make me better.
Fighting is not something you can just turn off.
Maybe I'll go to acting school. Acting is like boxing, you know.
I'm one crazy, crazy guy.
I don't want anybody guarding me. I want to be free; I want to be left alone... I would like to go out there and have no one know me, but at the same time, it would bother me, y'know.
I was embarrassing against Spinks.
You go through pain. You feel uncomfortable, uncomfortable, uncomfortable until you change. I acquired a different outlook.
It took me to be 33 to start to know how to fight.
I spent a lot of time dwelling on yesterday, and it did me no good.
Some have made boxing a terrible thing to be around.
They said if I'd fight a ranked contender, I'd get a title shot. I did that, and the next day they changed the rules.
I think I make people laugh, and that's good in life.
Some of the things written about me hurt, but there is nothing I can do about it.
I've just had some bad luck. I've had every injury known to man. I understand how people think, 'How can this be happening all the time to Gerry Cooney?' But it did.
I've always wanted to fight. I love to fight.
I don't care about the critics. I took a lot of nonsense. I got stuck with silly labels like 'White Hope.' What about other guys like Tex Cobb - they never had those labels?
Sometimes you get so frustrated that things aren't working out, you say, 'Let me step away for a while.' But the fire still burns.
I know I can fight; that's the only thing that matters to me.
I have a Roman nose. It roams all over my face.
Boxing gave me a voice to express the anger I felt for where I came from.
I saw my brother have an altercation one time. He hit a guy with a left hook to the body and a right hand to the chin. He not only knocked the guy out, but out of wind. That stuck with me. It scared me.
I had two managers who couldn't stand each other. I had a promoter, Don King, who couldn't get any fights, and I was fighting once a year. I knocked out Norton and then didn't fight for 13 months. Then I fight the heavyweight champion of the world.
It's like I had two things pulling at me: you want to be a fighter, and you have problems. So I couldn't be a fighter, and I wasn't solving any problems.
I always had the hope that Holmes and I would fight again.
I'm a happy guy. I just want to see people laugh and smile.
I never fought because of my father. I started to box before he pushed me. It had nothing to do with him.
My father would never have lost to Holmes.
You can have more than one career, but you only have one family.
I grew up in a household where I learned five things from my old man. You know what they were? You're no good. You're a failure. You're not going to amount to anything. Don't trust nobody, and don't tell nobody your business. When I lost to Larry Holmes in 1982, I felt all five of those things smacked me right across the face.
When I see a fighter gets into the ring, I not only see the fighter, but I see his wife and children. I care about what happens to them. I care about what happens to that fighter after he gets out of the ring.
About 99 percent of fighters end up broke. F.I.S.T. helps them turn the page and find new goals.
Most fighters, when they're finished, boxing turns its back on them.
When you bottom out, you have to stand up and get going again.
Anytime somebody climbs up those steps into the ring, they have a heart.
I learned a lot from the Holmes fight. I learned about styles and the pressure. I'm more prepared now.
You have got to not get hit. You could be the best puncher in the world, but if you're going to keep constantly taking punches you're going to lose your heart. Once you learn how to miss the punches and then you start to punch them, you become an all-around fighter.
