American,Comedian
I have always felt comedy and tragedy are roommates. If you look up comedy and tragedy, you will find a very old picture of two masks. One mask is tragedy. It looks like it's crying. The other mask is comedy. It looks like it's laughing. Nowadays, we would say, 'How tasteless and insensitive. A comedy mask is laughing at a tragedy mask.'
I always wish the hotels were like they are in movies and TV shows, where if you're in Paris, right outside your window is the Eiffel Tower. In Egypt, the pyramids are right there. In the movies, every hotel has a monument right outside your window. My hotel rooms overlook the garbage dumpster in the back alley.
I was the class podiatrist. I never made it to class clown. I wasn't funny enough. I would examine feet and prescribe and ointment. It was a sad childhood.
No, generally I think influence is used as a nice word for plagiarism.
I would show up at a party for Al Qaeda if you said there's going to be a dinner.
I wanted to be a brain surgeon, but I had a bad habit of dropping things.
There are certain things I don't want to joke about. If it's about somebody else, it's fine. If it's about me, I think it's totally insensitive!
I was Jewish, through and through, although in our house that didn't mean a whole lot. We never went to synagogue. I never had a Bar Mitzvah. We didn't keep kosher or observe the Sabbath. In fact, I'm not so sure I would have known what the Sabbath looked like if it passed me on the street, so how could I observe it?
One thing I can take credit for, along with the rest of show business, is when the red ribbons were out, we cured AIDS. Any advancements that came towards fighting AIDS were not done by scientists or doctors - it was people with little ribbons on their lapels.
You never know what people will choose to be offended by.
I can't even find someone for a platonic relationship, much less the kind where someone wants to see me naked.
In real life I'm a tall, blond Christian.
My Bubbie lived to 104, which is probably a little too old to consider a ripe old age, because she had already started to turn. I still say she died young.
I think a lot of people have too much time on their hands.
The pressure to being a comedian is being funny, but I've given that up, so there is no pressure whatsoever.
Well, I'm eventually gonna take the Daryl Hannah parts.
I've never been one of those who wanted to fill my calendar up 90 percent of the time.
Well, I play Jews and parrots. Parrots are how I've branched out.
Unfortunately, I've never been mistaken as Johnny Depp.
If the police ever try to pick me up, Michael Jackson told me I can hide out at his house.
I predict one of these two teams will win the Super Bowl.
I don't know if I change my act from century to century. Sometimes I'm onstage doing imitations and references to people who have been dead for 50 years.
There definitely is exposure in reality shows, but the exposure will basically get you more reality shows.
If you're a lead actor, people are just waiting to say 'you're too old' or 'you're too unhip.' If you're a supporting actor, you can just work forever.
I'd make Jack Benny look like a philanthropist.
I'm used to explaining to people why my jokes were funny.
I just don't accept midgets as human beings. There's only so much political correctness I can accept.
If I could cause world peace by taking someone out to lunch, I'd go, 'Well, war isn't that terrible.'
I remember being at the premiere of 'Beverly Hills Cop II' and the tremendous reaction from the crowd outside, then going to a party at a hotel afterwards where the speakers were blasting 'Shakedown,' a song from the movie. That felt like a show biz moment to me.
With me, traveling for work is arriving at the airport, checking into the hotel, leaving the hotel the next morning at 4 or 5 to do something like 'The Jimmy and Jackie Captain Crazy Morning Zoo,' doing a bunch of those in a row, then going back to the hotel, and then finally going to the club.
I'm a very anti-vacation person. Because I'm always getting on planes for work, to me, a vacation is when I don't have to get on a plane.
I'm one of those people, in any country I'm in, if somebody could just put me in a car or a bus, I'll look out the window and say, 'OK, there's the Tower of London, there's Buckingham Palace, there's Big Ben,' and if it all takes about five minutes, perfect. I've seen all of it and I can go home.
I'm terrible when I have to fill up free time. My days, if I'm not working, I wake up and figure out a way to kill time until it's time to go to sleep.
People have many theories about comedy, but being just plain funny is the one most important thing.
Nothing can help my comedy.
I'm one of those people that picks up the remote control and just keep hitting constantly, even if I like the show I'm watching.
The 'Phoenix Sun' did a list of the unsexiest men in the world, and I made it to number one. I beat out Bin Laden. He's a terrorist, hasn't bathed in months. I beat him out. To me it was a great honor.
I changed the face of comedy. I used to be funny.
I understand being less sexy than Osama bin Laden, but not less sexy than Carrot Top. That, I find offensive.
