American,Actress
Every morning, my dad would have me looking in the mirror and repeat, 'Today is going to be a great day; I can, and I will.'
I try to keep in mind that it's a long journey. It's not a race. It's about staying focused, continuing to do good work, make my family and community proud; that's all I really want to do... and pay my bills.
I like to peel it and share it with friends. You can spread the love with an orange.
This industry is all about work, and just because Sundance exposed me to the world, it is my job to stay deserving in that world. The work never ends; the hustle just get harder, and you get stronger!
I think when you work really hard and you help others, God helps you get what you want.
With each dream accomplished, bigger ones are put in their place.
I love telling stories that allow people to be less afraid to tell theirs.
I do not devalue the role of a maid or nanny, or the stereotypical roles that some members of our family have actually done to feed our families in real life.
I've specifically decided to say no to projects that weren't advancing Latinos, that weren't showing us in a positive light, roles that were gratuitous and spreading untruths.
I grew up dancing salsa - you know, a traditional Puerto Rican dance.
What I will not do is continue to perpetuate stereotypes. I'm the daughter of a maid; why do I have to also play a maid? My mom was a maid so I didn't have to be a maid.
I love relatable stories.
I started salsa dancing with a few different companies and started touring the country. It was fantastic, but I realized that I really wanted to talk every time we were performing. That's a problem because when you're dancing, if you stop to talk, that's not really cool to the other dancers.
What makes characters real are details, and if you're crafting a person from scratch, you're probably not going to pay as much attention to a question like, 'Does this person bite their nails?'
I started performing very young as a salsa dancer, and every time I was on that stage dancing, all I knew was that I wanted to speak. I wanted the music to stop, and I wanted to speak.
I've learned a lot about what kind of actor I want or do not want to be while being on set. I sit back and observe how other actors treat the totem pole of set politics.
I don't want the Latino community to think I think the reason Latino films are not doing well is because of us. It is not fully our responsibility.
Latinos don't go out and support their own films, but at the same time, it's not their responsibility.
I think all Latino actors want to be storytellers first. I want to be an actor first, and then I want to be Latina.
I will play the characters with last names like Sanchez and Gonzalez until the day I die, but I also want to play the 'Michelle Smiths.'
I dream big, baby. I want to do thrillers, I want to do smart David Lynch-type mysteries.
I can live in L.A. as a struggling artist. I cannot live in New York as a struggling artist.
I grew up in Chicago, so hip-hop has always been a part of my life.
I went to college at NYU for acting, since acting was my dream from very young. I did a lot of hip-hop courses while I was there. I helped co-write a hip-hop production for the main stage of NYU, but I never touched rap.
I've been very lucky; God has done amazing things for me.
I'm not messing with skiing. You can't get this Puerto Rican on the slope. Uh-uh.
