American,Actress
From the first moment on the set I was consumed with curiousity about the technical side of shooting a sound picture.
Sunset Boulevard opened in August 1950, and it was pronounced the best movie ever made about Hollywood.
As Daddy said, life is 95 percent anticipation.
I entered the cosmetics industry because I wanted more women to use cosmetics made with safe, healthful ingredients.
If you're 40 years old and you've never had a failure, you've been deprived.
I've given my memoirs far more thought than any of my marriages. You can't divorce a book.
All creative people should be required to leave California for three months every year.
After 16 years in pictures I could not be intimidated easily, because I knew where all the skeletons were buried.
All they had to do was put my name on a marquee and watch the money roll in.
At 26 I felt myself a victim rather than a victor in the realm of pictures.
Because I take care of my body, it doesn't look like the body of a woman of my years.
By the time I was 15, my mother had turned me into a real clotheshorse.
Fame was thrilling only until it became grueling. Money was fun only until you ran out of things to buy.
I always anticipated difficulties in order to avoid scenes.
I am a very pragmatic person.
I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944.
I consider anybody who weighs over 200 pounds fat, and time was when I could not refrain from telling such people so.
I didn't want to spend the rest of my life playing Norma Desmond over and over again.
I doubted that there were Communists hiding behind every corporation desk and director's chair.
I feel sure that unborn babies pick their parents.
I had starred in more than 30 successful films, six in a row directed by Cecil B. De Mille.
I was 25 and the most popular celebrity in the world, with the possible exception of my friend Mary Pickford.
I was married when I was 17. I knew nothing. I was full of romance.
I was the first celebrity in pictures to be marrying a titled European.
In two months Joseph Kennedy had taken over my entire life, and I trusted him implicitly to make the most of it.
Life and death. They are somehow sweetly and beautifully mixed, but I don't know how.
