American,Activist
I seek truth over a lie; I seek justice over injustice; I seek righteousness over the rewards of evildoers, and I love Allah more than I love the state.
The only politics in this country that's relevant to black people today is the politics of revolution... none other.
To be successful in struggle requires remembrance of the Creator and the doing of good deeds. This is important because successful struggle demands that there be a kind of social consciousness.
To be successful in struggle requires remembrance of the Creator and the doing of good deeds. This is important because successful struggle demands that there be a kind of social consciousness. There has to be a social commitment, a social consciousness that joins men together.
I say violence is necessary. It is as American as cherry pie.
Revolution comes when human beings set out to correct decadent institutions.
See, it's no in between: you're either free or you're a slave.
In terms of the revolution, I believe that the revolution will be a revolution of dispossessed people in this country: that's the Mexican American, the Puerto Rican American, the American Indian, and black people.
You've got to stop dividing yourselves. You got to organize.
We happen to be the vanguard of that revolutionary struggle because we are the most dispossessed.
The poverty program was not designed to eliminate poverty.
The first responsibility of the Muslim is as teacher. That is his job, to teach. His first school, his first classroom is within the household. His first student is himself. He masters himself and then he begins to convey the knowledge that he has acquired to the family. The people who are closest to him.
You see, the poverty program for the last five years have been buy-off programs.
Yes, politics IS war without bloodshed; and war is an extension of those politics.
We talking about revolution because that's the era that you're caught in.
They cannot divide us by saying that you're middle class or you're lower class.
There's no such thing as second class citizenship. That's like telling me you can be a little bit pregnant.
There is no such thing as a black middle class.
The only thing that's going to free Huey is gun powder.
The man does not beat your head because you got a Cadillac or because you got a Ford; he beats you because you're black!
So black people all across this country are uniting. They must unite, and they must organize themselves.
See, justice is a joke in this country, and it stinks of its hypocricy.
One of the lies that we tell ourselves is that we're making progress; but Huey's chair's empty.
No such thing as a Dixiecrat.
If America don't come around, we're gonna' burn it down.
Everybody in the black community must organize, and then we decide whether we will have alliance with other people or not, but not until we are organized.
