American,Actress
Well I was eight years old, and I have an older cousin who is three years older than me and she was doing acting, commercials, and modeling at the time and... to see my cousin doing that was really inspiring and I wanted to do it. So I went to my mom and I asked her if I could do it, and for the acting part of it, she made me study for a year.
I love the film route and I'm gong to try my hardest to stay on it.
It needs to be said and heard: it's OK to be who you are.
It's hard not to love everything Prada does.
Every girl wishes she was Juliet in some version of their life.
My mom taught me to live by the three p's: to always be passionate, persistent, and prepared.
When 'Romeo and Juliet' came along, I fell in love with the way that it was written and how innocent and vulnerable it was and how different it was from 'True Grit.' I really liked that.
I was just another girl.
Facebook is my life.
I love to hang out with my friends and go to the movies. My mom and I are involved in the Mother/Daughter Organization - national charity work. Whenever I get free time, we volunteer. It's an organization so mothers and daughters can spend time together while volunteering.
The idea of revenge coming from a 14-year-old girl isn't, you know, exactly right.
Everything I do now is a first.
I don't know if it has set in or not. Honestly, it's crazy. It's such an amazing honor. I remember thinking back to being in my room waiting for the call to see if I got the part. It's like winning the lottery. I'm proud to be a member of such an amazing cast - that's the best award of all.
Child actors come off as work being their life and doing it 24/7, but I still have those days where it's totally, like, whatever: shopping, movies, adventures.
My very first audition was on the lot of Paramount, and I was put on tape and it was very nerve-racking. I think it was about 15 pages.
My first modeling job was Gap, and my first time in front of the camera was for a Soda Pop Girls commercial - it's one of those Bratz dolls, Barbie dolls... one of those.
The shooting of the guns, that was kind of funny, because rolling a cigarette and shooting a gun aren't like normal things for a 13-year old girl!
When I was 13, I looked like I could play 16, and I wasn't mature enough to play 16.
The one thing I loved so much about making 'Pitch Perfect 2' - especially in comparison to a movie like 'Ten Thousand Saints' - is you can go and be yourself, and you just know that all your weirdness and craziness and imperfections are completely embraced and accepted.
Music is a very big part of my preparation as an actor.
There's a different energy with a female director, a female at the head of the production. I don't prefer one over the other, but they're definitely different experiences, and I would love to have more of them.
I went to my mum at about seven or eight and said I want to start acting, but the week before, I had said I wanted to do ballet. She said if I took acting classes for a full year, she would look further into it, and that's how it started.
I was home-schooled.
Singing is something I've always loved to do, and I'd never considered taking it further than the shower.
I haven't even graduated from high school yet - and I've realised in the last four years, with all the travelling I've done and all of the movies I've made, that the world is my classroom. I've experienced things I don't know you can necessarily get from reading a history book.
With 'True Grit,' the language was very specific, as is Shakespeare. You couldn't really improvise, nor would you really ever have to. I never felt the need to. It was all so beautifully written, and it was all right there.
