American,Statesman
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.
If you don't know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere.
Accept everything about yourself - I mean everything, You are you and that is the beginning and the end - no apologies, no regrets.
The Vietnam War was a great tragedy for our country. And it is now far enough away so that one can study without using the slogans to see what's really happened.
No foreign policy - no matter how ingenious - has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of a few and carried in the hearts of none.
Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.
It's never happened in history that every region in the world could affect every other region simultaneously. The Roman empire and the Chinese empire didn't know much about each other and had no means of interacting. Now we have every continent able to reach every other.
The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling their way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from the other, whom he assumes to have perfect vision.
Power is the great aphrodisiac.
America has fought five wars since 1945 and has gained its objectives in only one of them, the Gulf War.
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.
Everybody has a hacking capability. And probably every intelligence service is hacking in the territory of other countries. But who exactly does what? That would be a very sensitive piece of information. But it's very difficult to communicate about it. Because nobody wants to admit the scope of what they're doing.
No one will ever win the battle of the sexes; there's too much fraternizing with the enemy.
The Vietnam War required us to emphasize the national interest rather than abstract principles. What President Nixon and I tried to do was unnatural. And that is why we didn't make it.
Art is man's expression of his joy in labor.
If I should ever be captured, I want no negotiation - and if I should request a negotiation from captivity they should consider that a sign of duress.
A leader who confines his role to his people's experience dooms himself to stagnation; a leader who outstrips his people's experience runs the risk of not being understood.
To be absolutely certain about something, one must know everything or nothing about it.
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.
The conventional army loses if it does not win. The guerrilla wins if he does not lose.
The high probability is if American forces withdraw from Afghanistan and if no alternative international arrangement is made that then the historic contests between the regions and the sects will reappear, the Taliban will re-emerge, and a very complicated and maybe chaotic situation will develop.
The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault.
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent.
Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation.
The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously.
Whatever must happen ultimately should happen immediately.
I have spoken to Chinese leaders occasionally on human rights, but I've always done it in private.
High office teaches decision making, not substance. It consumes intellectual capital; it does not create it. Most high officials leave office with the perceptions and insights with which they entered; they learn how to make decisions but not what decisions to make.
The American temptation is to believe that foreign policy is a subdivision of psychiatry.
The tragedy of America is that it entered all the wars with a consensus in favor of them, but within a defined period, the legitimacy of the war became a major domestic issue, with some people arguing that withdrawal was the only legitimate objective.
I don't see the wisdom in modern politicians that I once saw in men like Dean Acheson, David Bruce, or George Marshall. In my day, the northeastern establishment dominated foreign policy formulation, but the composition and distribution of our population is very different today.
I think we would find, if you study the conduct of guerilla-type wars, that the Obama Administration has hit more targets on a broader scale than the Nixon Administration ever did.
The attitude of the West and of Russia towards a crisis like Ukraine is diametrically different. The West is trying to establish the legality of any established border. For Russia, Ukraine is part of the Russian patrimony.
Even a paranoid can have enemies.
We are moving towards a world that is reordering itself and that may appear more ordered at some periods of time, but I see no sign that we are moving towards a world order in my definition of it - namely, a system which is accepted, which is internalized by the majority of the key participants.
You can't make war in the Middle East without Egypt and you can't make peace without Syria.
I don't see why we need to stand by and watch a country go communist due to the irresponsibility of its people. The issues are much too important for the Chilean voters to be left to decide for themselves.
We cannot always assure the future of our friends; we have a better chance of assuring our future if we remember who our friends are.
The essence of Richard Nixon is loneliness.
We are all the President's men.
I am being frank about myself in this book. I tell of my first mistake on page 850.
Most foreign policies that history has marked highly, in whatever country, have been originated by leaders who were opposed by experts.
There is obviously a gap between the public's perception of the role of U.S. foreign policy and the elite's perception.
A president has an inescapable responsibility to provide direction: What are we trying to achieve? What are we trying to prevent? Why? To do that, he has to both analyze and reflect.
Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton both had exceptional natural abilities. Nelson Rockefeller was very good statewide but never gained national traction.
I have not endorsed Trump and will not do so.
Every first-term president has to learn something after he comes into office. Nobody can be completely ready for the inevitable crises.
I have been a professor, and I have been a policymaker, and as a professor, you think in terms of truth or absolutes.
