American,Poet
The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain.
In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity.
Into each life some rain must fall.
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day.
Simplicity in character, in manners, in style; in all things the supreme excellence is simplicity.
Youth comes but once in a lifetime.
The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained by sudden flight, but they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night.
If we could read the secret history of our enemies we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.
The dawn is not distant, nor is the night starless; love is eternal.
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.
Sit in reverie and watch the changing color of the waves that break upon the idle seashore of the mind.
Thy fate is the common fate of all; Into each life some rain must fall.
Each morning sees some task begun, each evening sees it close; Something attempted, something done, has earned a night's repose.
The human voice is the organ of the soul.
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
Joy, temperance, and repose, slam the door on the doctor's nose.
A torn jacket is soon mended; but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
A single conversation across the table with a wise man is better than ten years mere study of books.
Not in the shouts and plaudits of the throng, but in ourselves, are triumph and defeat.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.
Men of genius are often dull and inert in society; as the blazing meteor, when it descends to earth, is only a stone.
Ambition is so powerful a passion in the human breast, that however high we reach we are never satisfied.
That which the fountain sends forth returns again to the fountain.
Talk not of wasted affection - affection never was wasted.
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.
The strength of criticism lies in the weakness of the thing criticized.
There is nothing holier in this life of ours than the first consciousness of love, the first fluttering of its silken wings.
Build today, then strong and sure, With a firm and ample base; And ascending and secure. Shall tomorrow find its place.
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
When she had passed, it seemed like the ceasing of exquisite music.
Resolve and thou art free.
Not in the clamor of the crowded street, not in the shouts and plaudits of the throng, but in ourselves, are triumph and defeat.
The greatest firmness is the greatest mercy.
Give what you have to somebody, it may be better than you think.
As to the pure mind all things are pure, so to the poetic mind all things are poetical.
Whenever nature leaves a hole in a person's mind, she generally plasters it over with a thick coat of self-conceit.
People demand freedom only when they have no power.
A thought often makes us hotter than a fire.
Man is always more than he can know of himself; consequently, his accomplishments, time and again, will come as a surprise to him.
Something attempted, something done, Has earned a nights repose.
Intelligence and courtesy not always are combined; Often in a wooden house a golden room we find.
Critics are sentinels in the grand army of letters, stationed at the corners of newspapers and reviews, to challenge every new author.
Love gives itself; it is not bought.
Fame comes only when deserved, and then is as inevitable as destiny, for it is destiny.
Morality without religion is only a kind of dead reckoning - an endeavor to find our place on a cloudy sea by measuring the distance we have run, but without any observation of the heavenly bodies.
Sometimes we may learn more from a man's errors, than from his virtues.
The rapture of pursuing is the prize the vanquished gain.
The nearer the dawn the darker the night.
Evil is only good perverted.
Therefore trust to thy heart, and to what the world calls illusions.
It is a beautiful trait in the lover's character, that they think no evil of the object loved.
The Helicon of too many poets is not a hill crowned with sunshine and visited by the Muses and the Graces, but an old, mouldering house, full of gloom and haunted by ghosts.
