American,Politician
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Never give in and never give up.
Behind every successful man is a proud wife and a surprised mother-in-law.
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.
It was once said that the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly; and those who are in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy and the handicapped.
To be realistic today is to be visionary. To be realistic is to be starry-eyed.
To err is human. To blame someone else is politics.
Compassion is not weakness, and concern for the unfortunate is not socialism.
There are not enough jails, not enough police, not enough courts to enforce a law not supported by the people.
Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law.
Liberalism, above all, means emancipation - emancipation from one's fears, his inadequacies, from prejudice, from discrimination, from poverty.
Propaganda, to be effective, must be believed. To be believed, it must be credible. To be credible, it must be true.
The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor.
Never answer a question from a farmer.
Leadership in today's world requires far more than a large stock of gunboats and a hard fist at the conference table.
I have seen in the Halls of Congress more idealism, more humanness, more compassion, more profiles of courage than in any other institution that I have ever known.
In real life, unlike in Shakespeare, the sweetness of the rose depends upon the name it bears. Things are not only what they are. They are, in very important respects, what they seem to be.
National isolation breeds national neurosis.
The difference between hearsay and prophecy is often one of sequence. Hearsay often turns out to have been prophecy.
The Senate is a place filled with goodwill and good intentions, and if the road to hell is paved with them, then it's a pretty good detour.
Each child is an adventure into a better life - an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new.
If there is dissatisfaction with the status quo, good. If there is ferment, so much the better. If there is restlessness, I am pleased. Then let there be ideas, and hard thought, and hard work. If man feels small, let man make himself bigger.
For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.
There are incalculable resources in the human spirit, once it has been set free.
It is not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left.
