American,Publisher
Life is too short to be living somebody else's dream.
Someone once asked, 'What's your best pickup line?' I said, 'My best pickup line is, 'Hi, my name is Hugh Hefner.'
Living in the moment, thinking about the future, and staying connected to the past: That's what makes me feel whole.
I'm very comfortable with the nature of life and death, and that we come to an end. What's most difficult to imagine is that those dreams and early yearnings and desires of childhood and adolescence will also disappear. But who knows? Maybe you become part of the eternal whatever.
In my wildest dreams, I could not have imagined a sweeter life.
It's good to be selfish. But not so self-centered that you never listen to other people.
Picasso had his pink period and his blue period. I am in my blonde period right now.
If you let society and your peers define who you are, you're the less for it.
The interesting thing is how one guy, through living out his own fantasies, is living out the fantasies of so many other people.
Sex is the driving force on the planet. We should embrace it, not see it as the enemy.
You know, from my point of view, I'm the luckiest cat on the planet.
Surrounding myself with beautiful women keeps me young.
The major civilizing force in the world is not religion, it is sex.
Could I be in a better place and happier than I am today? I don't think so.
I guess I'm the most successful man I know. I wouldn't trade places with anybody in the world.
I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me.
I have about 100 pairs of pajamas. I like to see people dressed comfortably.
One of the problems with organized religion is that it has always kept women in a second-class position. They have been viewed as the daughters of Eve.
Being attacked by right-wing Christians did not bother me. Being attacked by liberal feminists did.
Historically the Puritans left England to escape religious persecution, and they promptly turned around and started persecuting the people they didn't agree with - the scarlet letter A, and the stocks and the dunking board came from that. That puritanism is still there.
In my own words, I played some significant part in changing the social-sexual values of our time. I had a lot of fun in the process.
The whole 1950s notion was find the right girl, get married, move to the suburbs and then hang out with the guys while she stayed home with the babies. I felt that was sort of sad.
I don't have dinner parties - I eat my dinner in bed.
People get their information in different ways now. And we are a little poorer for it, because the way you get information affects what you learn.
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
I have been married twice, and those were not the happiest times of my life. Part of the problem, quite frankly, is that when you get married, the romance disappears and the children arrive and the love is transferred. It shouldn't be that way, but too often it is transferred to the children.
