American,Novelist
The last paragraph, in which you tell what the story is about, is almost always best left out.
There are too many books I haven't read, too many places I haven't seen, too many memories I haven't kept long enough.
An absolutely necessary part of a writer's equipment, almost as necessary as talent, is the ability to stand up under punishment, both the punishment the world hands out and the punishment he inflicts upon himself.
Every novelist has a different purpose - and often several purposes which might even be contradictory.
I am forced to say that I have many fiercer critics than myself.
It's those damn critics again.
A writer has to live with a sense of honor.
All writers are the same - they forget a thousand good reviews and remember one bad one.
I reach my readers regardless of what the critics have written.
My views naturally have mellowed. Most of the critics have been more or less nice to me.
Posterity makes the judgments. There are going to be a lot of surprises in store for everybody.
Special-interest magazines are dangerous places for writers to start out in because the writing quickly falls into a routine and people are likely to find themselves artistically exhausted when they want to work on something of their own.
The romantic idea is that everybody around a writer must suffer for his talent. I think a writer is a citizen of humanity, part of his nation, part of his family. He may have to make some compromises.
When I started out in the early 1930s, there were a great many magazines that published short stories. Unfortunately, the short-story market has dwindled to almost nothing.
Writers of fiction, when they begin, are more likely to try the short form.
Writing for the theater, you find yourself living a nocturnal life.
You have to expect the raps when you have achieved popularity as a writer.
You must avoid giving hostages to fortune, like getting an expensive wife, an expensive house, and a style of living that never lets you aford the time to take the chance to write what you wish.
If you're young enough, any kind of writing you do for a short period of time is a marvelous apprenticeship.
My attitudes have changed, but somebody would have to read all my books to find out how they have.
I imagine that my characters have become much more complicated than when I first began, which would be normal.
I'm not as hopeful as I was when I was young.
At the height of the McCarthy period, writers were being hounded.
Kennedy was a man who liked writers and even I got invited to the White House.
Ernest Hemingway did a great deal toward making the writer an acceptable public figure; obviously, he was no sissy.
I don't think that the writer is regarded as a freak by Americans.
