American,Scientist
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not.
Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right.
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today - but the core of science fiction, its essence has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all.
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
To insult someone we call him 'bestial. For deliberate cruelty and nature, 'human' might be the greater insult.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today.
I don't expect to live forever, but I do intend to hang on as long as possible.
There is a single light of science, and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere.
Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night.
All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men.
