American,Politician
It doesn't take a lot of strength to hang on. It takes a lot of strength to let go.
Character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that's right is to get by, and the only thing that's wrong is to get caught.
The measure of a man is not how great his faith is, but how great his love is. We must not let government programs disconnect our souls from each other.
I think you grow wherever God plants you. I hope I'm growing as a person of faith, as a Christian. That should be our number one objective this journey of life. That all starts with a personal intimate relationship with Christ and then being in prayer every single day about all of those things - being tenacious about it.
In 2008, as a matter of fact, I had people accusing me of being a Senator Obama supporter because I wouldn't slam him. I said, 'Well, consider the fact that I voted for impeachment for President Clinton, but it wasn't a personal vote. I voted based on the facts and the law and the Constitution and what we were dealing with.'
I'm not one that believes that affirmative action should be based on one's skin color or one's gender, I think it should be done based on one's need, because I think if you are from a poor white community, I think that poor white kid needs a scholarship just as badly as a poor black kid.
I'm secure in who I am. I don't need the validation of those that would say, you have to be a certain thing in order to be accepted. I'm comfortable going against the grain if I need to.
When it comes to the American dream, no one has a corner on the market. All of us have an equal chance to share in that dream.
If you are explaining, you are losing.
Republicans and Democrats have used accounting gimmicks and competing government analyses to deceive the public into believing that 2 + 2 = 6. If our leaders cannot agree on the numbers, if 'facts' are fictional, how can they possibly have a substantive debate on solutions?
I'm looking forward to the day when America will mature to the point that we are a color-blind society. I'm not so sure that in politics that will ever be reality, because politics has a way of separating us based on skin color.
I think that anybody that stays in school, gets good grades, pays the price, I think we are wealthy enough in the public and the private sector in America to make sure that every child in America that wants to continue their education, they should be able to do that.
Everyone tries to define this thing called Character. It's not hard. Character is doing what's right when nobody's looking.
There's a whole lot more to the African-American community than entertainment and sports.
If diversity is O.K. for God, it ought to be O.K. for Republicans.
One of the Republicans' major products is dream making. People are dying to get into this country... not out of it.
Having a Republican candidate speak at the NAACP convention is like trying to build a house starting at the roof. If you don't have a foundation, the roof isn't going to stand.
Republicans think that the NAACP is the only voice in the black community. It is a voice in the black community. But it's not the only voice.
Good policy makes good politics and what I've done has been good politics.
I would caution all of us or I would remind all of us that any candidate that we support, they are going to be flawed.
When you look at the results that Newt Gingrich got when he was speaker, he got results for the American people.
I never got into politics for it to be a career.
I don't know if anybody has moved up the ladder more quickly than I have.
My work in the House of Representatives, at this time in my life, is completed. It is time to return home.
Serving in Congress has been more than an honor; it has been one of the most exhilarating experiences of my life... It has been a wonderful ride. It has been a wonderful journey.
The past two decades revolutionized the way we access information. You and I can have our questions answered with the click of a mouse at any time of day. If America, both corporation and citizen alike, can use these services to solve problems, why can't Washington?
I have often said one of the reasons more blacks don't support Republicans is because they don't trust the GOP establishment.
Governor is not the position to have in Oklahoma. It is the head coach of Oklahoma or Oklahoma State or Tulsa.
You always hear 'black Republican,' but you never hear 'white Democrat.' We've got to get beyond the labels and stereotypes. Other people have hang-ups about it. I don't.
As an Oklahoma quarterback, you learn to perform under pressure.
Affirmative action is a little like the professional football draft. The NFL awards its No. 1 draft choices to the lowest-ranked team in the league. It doesn't do this out of compassion or guilt. It's done for mutual survival. They understand that a league can only be as strong as its weakest team.
Some might think that George W. Bush had his shortcomings, but let me tell you something - history's going to be kind to George W. Bush.
That's the way blacks have been encouraged to think: that we got to stick together. You've got a situation today where if a black person says he thinks O.J. Simpson's guilty, other blacks will cut their eyes at him and say, 'You ought to go somewhere and sit down and shut up.'
Individual responsibility, hard work, paying attention in school, faith, family all these things are important.
The strength of America is not in Washington.
In my wildest imagination, I never thought that the fifth of six children born to Helen and Buddy Watts - in a poor black neighborhood, in the poor rural community of Eufaula, Oklahoma - would someday be called Congressman.
