American,First Lady
If you bungle raising your children, I don't think whatever else you do matters very much.
I want minimum information given with maximum politeness.
One must not let oneself be overwhelmed by sadness.
You have to have been a Republican to know how good it is to be a Democrat.
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.
What is sad for women of my generation is that they weren't supposed to work if they had families. What were they going to do when the children are grown - watch the raindrops coming down the window pane?
Even though people may be well known, they hold in their hearts the emotions of a simple person for the moments that are the most important of those we know on earth: birth, marriage and death.
I'll be a wife and mother first, then First Lady.
A camel makes an elephant feel like a jet plane.
The one thing I do not want to be called is First Lady. It sounds like a saddle horse.
He didn't even have the satisfaction of being killed for civil rights. it had to be some silly little Communist.
There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.
I want to live my life, not record it.
Sex is a bad thing because it rumples the clothes.
Dear God, please take care of your servant John Fitzgerald Kennedy.
I don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives.
Can anyone understand how it is to have lived in the White House and then, suddenly, to be living alone as the President's widow?
I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?
The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.
I am a woman above everything else.
Whenever I was upset by something in the papers, Jack always told me to be more tolerant, like a horse flicking away flies in the summer.
Now, I think that I should have known that he was magic all along. I did know it - but I should have guessed that it would be too much to ask to grow old with and see our children grow up together. So now, he is a legend when he would have preferred to be a man.
There are two kinds of women, those who want power in the world and those who want power in bed.
I don't understand it. Jack will spend any amount of money to buy votes but he balks at investing a thousand dollars in a beautiful painting.
The only routine with me is no routine at all.
You are about to have your first experience with a Greek lunch. I will kill you if you pretend to like it.
