American,Politician
Our nation stands at the crossroads of liberty. Crushing national debt, rampant illegal immigration, insane business regulations and staggering national unemployment are pushing our nation into unchartered territory.
Every generation has to protect every one of their rights, whether that's freedom of the press, freedom of speech, or freedom of faith. You have to remain diligent.
Every person is created in the image of God and has value. Every person. Every person is to be treated with respect. Every person is also a citizen of some country. In their country, they have rights and responsibilities; in every other country, they are a guest.
I think people see the social media numbers, and the assumption is made that we're running a campaign that is just social media, but I think we're running a very old-school campaign.
We've overmedicated kids. Quite frankly, some of the overmedication of kids are because welfare moms want to get additional benefits, and if they can put them on SSI through maintenance drugs, they can also put them on Social Security disability and get a separate check. That is wrong on every single level.
The First Amendment is first for a reason - it cannot be ignored by the D.C. City Council.
Certainly, every student and school ought to have standards and evaluation, but who sets those standards, and who writes the test? Whoever controls the test controls the school.
I see myself as more of a student, that I love to get down into the weeds of different problems and try to go through that. I don't mind messaging, but I'm going to default back to the research side of things.
Christmas is a great time to recommit to each other and our communities.
I am proud to join the many state legislators, governors, businessmen and hard-working Americans who have worked to build support and momentum for the idea of the Health Care Compact, and I am proud to introduce the common-sense bill for this sensible solution.
Centralized national decision-making on education reduces the role of the parent and the local districts.
Spanish Explorers celebrated Christmas in 1539 in the area we now know as the State of Florida.
Race and sexual preferences are two different things. One is a behavior-related and preference-related and one is something inherently - skin color, something obvious, that kind of stuff.
The recent, single-year influx of unaccompanied minors from foreign countries into the United States is a direct result of President Obama's policies of encouraging amnesty and failing to enforce existing immigration laws.
There's a lot of middle school behavior in Washington, D.C. I look at that and I say, 'I've seen that before,' it was just with a 14-year-old.
My wife and I come from a Christian worldview.
I keep Reagan's 11th Commandment that I don't run down other Republicans.
Personally and politically, I'm extremely conservative for who I am, but I'm also very careful in my tone. I don't believe just because you're a conservative that you're angry. I can be plenty frustrated and not have to constantly portray myself as upset and angry at the world.
There's a Biblical mandate to reach out to those who are the orphans, the widows in their distress, to take care of the stranger in your land. But that does not mean citizenship.
I'm not a 'messiah' coming to change Washington. I don't come with a political background, so I think it's part of my responsibility to raise my hand and say 'Why?' Folks don't just want smaller government; they want an efficient small government.
I'm very, very pro-defense.
Personally and politically, I'm extremely conservative for who I am, but I'm also very careful in my tone.
I don't believe just because you're a conservative that you're angry.
I can be plenty frustrated and not have to constantly portray myself as upset and angry at the world.
Every person is also a citizen of some country. In their country, they have rights and responsibilities. In every other country, they are a guest.
Race and sexual preferences are two different things. One is behavior-related and preference-related, and one is something inherently - skin color, something obvious, that kind of stuff.
I just don't believe that being conservative means all you do is throw stones and poke people in the eye.
I believe that being conservative means you try to get in to the middle of the fight and try to solve the problem.
I believe that conservative solutions can help families of every race, every economic background, and every town in Oklahoma.
I find it completely irrational to say someone who stands up for life for children is taking the life of adult. It's completely inconsistent with the values of the pro-life movement that are very passionate about protecting life, not taking life.
There is a way for the IRS to be able to have a double check to make sure individuals don't file on your Social Security number early and try to get a tax return and make it chaotic for you to file your own taxes. That's not been done.
We still have a major problem in debt with America that we have to find efficiencies in government to get us back to a balanced budget.
I understand the significance of being one of 18 senators in Oklahoma history.
What they have done, ISIS is very well outspoken about how much they hate our freedom, who we are as Americans.
Al Qaeda likes to coordinate, have a central command to be able to send out emissaries around that they have highly trained and say, 'This is the moment we're going to do a large-scale attack.'
ISIS has leadership, just like al Qaeda has leadership. It's important to be able to eliminate the individuals that are leading the organization.
We're facing serious issues. We can either complain about it or try to step in and solve it.
One of the hardest areas is duplication; everyone knows there's lots of duplication in government. But when you ask someone, 'OK, name two programs that are duplicative,' typically there's a long pause.
Government on its own is always inefficient.
The only way to make government more efficient is to make it smaller and to make it more local.
Let's set aside our political and ideological differences and take a moment to love our families, hug our children, parents and grandparents and through love and respect, strengthen the bonds that made us the greatest nation on Earth.
The Health Care Compact is a way for states to protect their residents from the top-down, one-size-fits-all health care 'solutions' that have been imposed from Washington D.C., including Obamacare.
I still strongly support a full repeal of Obamacare.
The Health Care Compact simply gives a state like Oklahoma the option to create a customized system that better meets the needs of Oklahoma families.
The number of fighters that are ISIS fighters wouldn't fill up most American football stadiums. This is not a large group of individuals, but they're tenacious, and they rule with absolute terror.
You talk about leading Republicans. That's no easy task on just like you were trying to lead Democrats on the other side. We all have independent thoughts and independent ideas.
We have a very structured process for taking in refugees. It takes almost two years to transition from another country into the United States through the refugee process.
It's very difficult for the family members of ICE agents, and it's very difficult for ICE agents to know what's right and what's wrong and why should I get engaged and go out there and enforce the law when I don't know what it means any more to have consequences.
This is why it's bad to run a country by executive order: because our nation runs on laws - when everyone knows the law, and everyone knows what it is, you know both the law and the consequence, and you get that.
When a president makes up law as he goes, no one knows what the law is anymore.
The Constitution provides that all Americans enjoy the right to live a life in accordance with their convictions of faith.
President Obama and I disagree on policy with Israel. He seems to say... 'We want peace, but we want to act like Switzerland. We're going to be a neutral party to everyone.' I think that's negotiating from weakness.
I'm in favor of dealing with Iran and dealing with the nuclear issue, but I'm not in favor of a bad deal.
The vast majority of Americans believe you don't discriminate. You don't. We honor each other. We don't all see life the same way. We don't. We're Americans.
What I love to do is the policy. The politics, I'm brand-new at.
I don't want to go home and tell my wife and my girls, 'I was gone last week because I had to do a press release.'
No matter where I travel in the state, people want to talk about education.
Every schoolteacher will tell you that there is no substitute for engaged parents in the education of a child.
I firmly believe the Senate should see more voting and debate and less standing around and waiting for backroom deals.
The goal of federal regulations should be to promote health and safety, but regulatory enforcement must be balanced with common-sense policies and assistance for businesses.
Most businesses believe regulators intend to fine them rather than help them protect their workers. Serious violations should bring real consequences, but minor violations should only incur warnings that encourage compliance.
Quite frankly, Oklahomans are pretty smart. They know how to choose candidates.
Hillary Clinton has her own issues with just her own arrogance as a leader; that has been well known for a long time.
There is only one person in the State Department that can sign off on State Department personnel being in a facility that doesn't meet security standards, and it's the secretary of state.
We have a lot of great hospitals in America, across the country.
I don't see people who are eager for shutdowns. While some people have a romantic ideal about shutdowns, the vast majority of Republicans and Democrats believe you have to try to work problems out rather than having a shutdown.
If we care about life and the dignity of all life, then we care about the dignity of all life, and that includes the human life of children.
I'm one of those folks that look and say the Old Testament laid out clearly the path for Christ to come, but when He came, every scholar at that time missed it.
As a Christian, Israel has a very special place in my heart. There's no question about that. I grew up with a Bible, and the back of the Bible has all these pictures of Israel in it. And so all these locations are incredibly significant to me personally in my faith.
