American,Author
I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually.
It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.
The paradox of education is precisely this - that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated.
Anyone who has ever struggled with poverty knows how extremely expensive it is to be poor.
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.
To be a Negro in this country and to be relatively conscious is to be in a rage almost all the time.
The power of the white world is threatened whenever a black man refuses to accept the white world's definitions.
People are trapped in history and history is trapped in them.
I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am also, much more than that. So are we all.
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.
American history is longer, larger, more various, more beautiful, and more terrible than anything anyone has ever said about it.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, or who had ever been alive.
To be sensual, I think, is to respect and rejoice in the force of life, of life itself, and to be present in all that one does, from the effort of loving to the making of bread.
Nobody is more dangerous than he who imagines himself pure in heart; for his purity, by definition, is unassailable.
If the relationship of father to son could really be reduced to biology, the whole earth would blaze with the glory of fathers and sons.
Fires can't be made with dead embers, nor can enthusiasm be stirred by spiritless men. Enthusiasm in our daily work lightens effort and turns even labor into pleasant tasks.
Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by others doing it.
Love him and let him love you. Do you think anything else under heaven really matters?
To act is to be committed, and to be committed is to be in danger.
Education is indoctrination if you're white - subjugation if you're black.
People can cry much easier than they can change.
A child cannot be taught by anyone who despises him, and a child cannot afford to be fooled.
Every legend, moreover, contains its residuum of truth, and the root function of language is to control the universe by describing it.
Most of us are about as eager to be changed as we were to be born, and go through our changes in a similar state of shock.
The world is before you and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.
Money, it turned out, was exactly like sex, you thought of nothing else if you didn't have it and thought of other things if you did.
Life is tragic simply because the earth turns and the sun inexorably rises and sets, and one day, for each of us, the sun will go down for the last, last time.
The noblest spirit is most strongly attracted by the love of glory.
Any writer, I suppose, feels that the world into which he was born is nothing less than a conspiracy against the cultivation of his talent.
Voyagers discover that the world can never be larger than the person that is in the world; but it is impossible to foresee this, it is impossible to be warned.
