American,Comedian
I don't have a good work ethic. I have a real casual relationship with hours.
Is being an idiot like being high all the time?
The world would be better off with multiple superpowers. When Communist USSR was a superpower, the world was better off.
Men are allowed to age. Men are allowed to gain weight. Men are allowed to be quirky looking.
When I see the American flag, I go, 'Oh my God, you're insulting me.'
I guess I just prefer to see the dark side of things. The glass is always half-empty. And cracked. And I just cut my lip on it. And chipped a tooth.
You know, there's nothing more interesting than seeing a bunch of racists become confused and angry at a speech they're not quite certain what he's saying.
I remember the old Times Square from when I was younger, and there was a seedy thrill to it. Some of that is gone, which I have a little bit of nostalgia for.
German accents and Hassidic accents aren't that romantic. They're more harsh. Although Hebrew, when spoken by certain people, sounds beautiful. There's this beautiful woman I know who speaks Hebrew, and when she speaks, it's so attractive. Maybe it's who's speaking it.
Let's be very honest about what this is about. It's not about bashing Democrats, it's not about taxes, they have no idea what the Boston tea party was about, they don't know their history at all. This is about hating a black man in the White House. This is racism straight up.
The term 'celebrity' makes my skin crawl.
I say at this point, for different reasons, Bush and Hussein are both very threatening to world peace and to deny that is to be incredibly naive.
I absolutely realize that a celebrity spokesperson is not ideal.
When Communist U.S.S.R. was a superpower, the world was better off. The right-wing media is trying to marginalize the peace movement.
I actually was class clown, but I don't know how that happened because I've never been considered an outwardly funny person-as the people in this room will attest.
Iraq is a manufactured conflict for the sake of geopolitical dominance in the area.
To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first.
I would have to say loneliness is next to uncleanliness.
I can do most anything and not have a problem with it. The only time I have negative attention is when I run naked through the streets brandishing a handgun.
The glass is always half empty. And cracked. And I just cut my lip on it. And chipped a tooth.
I actually was class clown, but I don't know how that happened because I've never been considered an outwardly funny person.
Here's what the right-wing has in, there's no shortage of the natural resources of ignorance, apathy, hate, fear. As long as those things are in the collective conscious and unconscious, the Republicans will have some votes.
I think I failed miserably on NewsRadio. I was very nervous because of the caliber of the cast - especially Dave Foley - so I think I did a terrible job.
I don't think Hollywood was trying to do anything with me. In fact, they lost interest pretty quick. I think I got lucky, briefly, in the '90s, and it just so happened that those movies were the opportunities that came my way. Then it just kind of stopped.
I don't understand why, in entertainment, the hours are as long as they are. It seems like everything takes forever, and no one can tell you why exactly.
It's been hard in entertainment as a 45-year-old woman to find jobs. They get fewer and far between if you're older, unless you're one of the few lucky ones who work constantly, like Meryl Streep.
TV, it's a director's medium, and they wanna make it look interesting. To be rehearsing mostly for the sake of where you're standing so they can do the lighting, that's what I don't like.
I was thrilled to work opposite Carl Reiner and Robert De Niro. Mr. Reiner was very chatty and delightful, but I learned that if you want Robert De Niro to like you, don't speak at all, and he'll be friendly to you.
Boy, does that give you street cred for years after, if you tell people you were on 'The Larry Sanders Show!'
I don't think Hollywood was trying to do anything with me. In fact, they lost interest pretty quick.
Sometimes people say I'm a political comedian, which, actually I'm not. I'm a comedian who sometimes discusses politics, culture - again, the word 'politics' to me is just life.
I guess intractable right-wing ideologues are my mortal enemy.
I'm not a cook. I like to watch the Food Network, but I don't like to cook.
I love a nice cooking show. It's as aesthetically pleasing as any other thing that tempts the senses, I suppose.
I'm not specifically attached to anything other than trying to, in my personal life, fight against where I see right wing thinking. Whether it be around my dinner table or on the street or somebody reading the New York Post.
