American,Actress
You can have a plan, but you have to be flexible. Every day is unpredictable, and you just have to go with the flow.
The excitement of being in a rehearsal room is good for me.
I think when I was younger, I strived for perfection. And now I strive for my imperfections because I think they're more interesting.
Even though we all know the facts, it's hard to resist the lure of a tan.
I have trouble keeping plants alive. Even plastic ones.
I'm always awoken with the joyous sound and laughter of my son. That's the best part about being a mom.
I think I used to sort of segregate things. Work was this and life was this and exercise was this. And I feel as I get older, or I become more relaxed, I feel like wellness is my whole being.
If I'm ever lucky enough to be part of an awards tribute, I hope they play 'Muffin Top' in my little clip. That's how I want to be remembered.
My new favourite smell is new baby smell. It makes me so happy. If someone could bottle that, I'd love to have it.
Who wouldn't want to be an 'American Idol' judge? It's an awesome, awesome show.
I'm willing to go further than other people on camera.
That's why I love doing live theater more than anything: You get an immediate reaction, whether it's good or bad.
I was one of those people who watched and videotaped the Tonys every year and kept a highlight reel every year. I saw every Broadway show as a kid.
The fact that I even get in Broadway shows is, to me, still amazing, but then to win a Tony was just incredible.
I am someone who puts their takeout or leftovers into the Tupperware and stores it in the refrigerator overnight.
I love to roller skate.
My parents were involved in community theater in New Jersey. Instead of hiring a baby sitter, they would take me with them. So my love of acting seeped in from watching my parents and seeing them having fun.
If I could do theater during the hiatus and then do '30 Rock' in the winter, that would be my ideal job.
I never thought I'd sing or dance on national television.
I'm a girl from Jersey.
It takes a lot out of you to do a one-hour episodic lead of a show. I don't think actors realize that when they take the job.
I consider myself to be more real-sized than most of the actresses in California and in show business. They're very small. They're like miniature people.
People's arrest tapes, mug shots, everything is online.
I think of the Roundabout as my musical theater family here in New York City.
I still get thrilled by the energy that is a live performance, the fear and the panic and the electricity that happens on the night. I think jolting myself every once in a while with that fear is a good thing for me.
I had a really tragic cut at the beginning of Season 2 of 'Ally McBeal.' Someone convinced me that it would be good to layer my hair. I basically looked like Ronald McDonald.
