American,Politician
We are a diverse country, but we are one country. And we are at our best when we come together as Americans, not despite our differences, but in celebration of them.
When the money dries up, the sites die off. That's the way to go after piracy.
Many rogue sites exist to make a profit and others are enormously expensive to maintain. If they don't have the resources to continue stealing intellectual property, they'll wither away.
I'm too busy thinking what I'm going to say next to remember what I've said, but my staff tells me I'm sometimes funny. Not always on purpose, though.
The foundation of a strong economy and job creation begins with providing every child in America with the best possible education, including students with disabilities.
It's critical to show that we can meet our commitment to students with disabilities without raising taxes and without increasing the deficit. In the past, there's been strong support for full funding and I'm still hearing that from many of my colleagues.
Congress seems to thrive on breaking promises and passing unfunded mandates down to local government. It's really just a matter of priorities.
I oppose piracy and want to see intellectual property protected because that is what fosters and rewards innovation. But SOPA won't accomplish a meaningful reduction in piracy and causes massive collateral damage to the Internet ecosystem.
It's easier to stop bad things than to pass good things.
Gay marriage won't be more of an issue 25 years from now than interracial marriage is today.
As long as you have money to live then it's not a terribly important thing. If you don't have enough to live, then it's very important thing.
Lady Gaga is one of the most amazingly talented musicians to bring her gifts to humanity in a long time.
I'm more of the sneaker-wearing, computer geek type.
From the newest arrivals to our Native American brothers and sisters, we are one America.
Agribusinesses should never dictate the quality of school meals.
But parents and schools have their priorities; making sure our kids eat right because research shows a clear connection between nutrition and student performance in school.
Big food companies have their priorities, which include selling cheap, unhealthy foods at high profits.
Pizza certainly has its place in school meals, but equating it with broccoli, carrots and celery seriously undermines this nation's efforts to support children's health and their ability to learn because of better school nutrition.
