American,Athlete
A lot of late nights in the gym, a lot of early mornings, especially when your friends are going out, you're going to the gym, those are the sacrifices that you have to make if you want to be an NBA basketball player.
The business always gets in the way of basketball.
When you are on the floor, there's no better feeling than when your teammates are into the game on the bench and are cheering for you and vice versa. When you come out of the game, you are cheering for those guys that are on the floor.
A lot of things get misinterpreted with me, I guess.
I just tried to play the game the right way. As you get older, Father Time is undefeated.
You talk about Shaq, I would put Tim Duncan in that same category. Mr. Fundamental, just kept things simple. He is a great teammate, a great player, and a great person. When you have those ingredients in a champion, you just want to be a part of that and have an opportunity to play with him.
We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees.
That's why the fears of playing or coaching, you want to do everything possible to make it. A lot of teams make it look real easy, but it is hard.
Hard work does pay, and you just have to continue to work, and you got two guys, when you're talking about Gary and myself, we have a God-given talent, but we worked at it and we're happy to be where we are today.
I think cryotherapy is excellent for anybody and not just athletes.
The ball touched the paint a lot of times. When we talk about touching the paint, the ball touches the key for making a layup or making a play for a teammate. We've got to use our length and our speed. Defensively, getting deflections. Give up one shot and rebound.
There's always room for improvement. We have a nucleus that's pretty good. You want players that will help.
The Knicks, they're a very talented team.
I'm a football guy at heart; maybe I should have played football for a living instead, because I play a lot of football videogames; I'm really into them.
Championship teams are built on being prepared, playing unselfishly and being held accountable, and that's how I expect to coach this basketball team. I am truly excited about this next phase of my basketball career.
Yeah, I play a lot of their games. Going way back to Bulls vs. Lakers to the later Live stuff, I go at it quite a bit. More than anything tough, I play Madden.
When I was a little kid I used to play with guys twice my age, so, I was the last one picked, so if I picked I knew that I had to get the ball to the scorer if I wanted to stay on the court, so that was pretty much my job.
There are many really good teams in our conference this season. Miami, Indiana and Detroit will be our fiercest opponents this year. But we just have to focus on our game and be patient with the realistic hope that we'll be on top after all is said and done.
The 76ers currently play very good basketball, and we don't. However, we are still only one win behind them. If we continue to improve, we should be on the top of our division at the end of the regular season.
Oh, I think, watching Magic, him being one of my... I'm one of his biggest fans, and just trying to emulate what he did, going out on the playground, and also playing with older guys.
Kobe enjoys that situation. Stepping up and making the big basket or being involved in a key play.
If there wasn't any business and it was just strictly basketball, then there would be no issue, it would probably be done by now. But the team has to protect.
I've got to play free agency out, and I've got to look at all of my options.
I'm a high-risk taker on the court in the sense of trying to squeeze things in there.
I think that realistically we can shoot for the title this year. If we stay healthy and be persistent throughout the season, I think we have good chance to go all the way.
I think we're going in the right direction.
More eyes on the court is better than just two eyes. There's always a time for one voice. But when the guys are working, I believe in those guys working and making the players better. Hands-on.
I think the big thing with O.J. - I've known him since he was in high school - and he's a great kid, loves the game of basketball.
I've always respected Coach Frank. I kind of publicly recruited him because I really need him and want him. I'm kind of the college recruiter now because he brings a lot to the table. He's had success here and understands the good and the bad, so I'm recruiting him to join my staff.
I just coach and get my guys ready.
I was just one piece of the puzzle, a very small piece at that. I really enjoyed my time with the Knicks, and we had a great run.
It's funny because everybody has injuries, and different teams handle them differently.
With the intention of signing Lin back, I saw that I can help.
I just want to be in there at the end of the game to try to help the team win. The last six minutes of an NBA game is where you make your name, so hopefully I'm in there trying to help my guys win.
I think if you're consistent in this league, you'll win a lot of ball games.
I thought I was going to be a Spur.
Being able to run an NBA team at 19 is not easy.
It's harder when you're supposed to win. When you're talking about the best players and the best teams in the world, when you talk about the Heat, you can ask them - it's not easy.
A lot of times late in your career, you don't have a chance to win a championship.
When the Heat were put together, there was talk of going undefeated. They didn't get off to a great start, but they found a way to win back-to-back championships.
Each individual has got to look themselves in the mirror and try and see what they can do better. Period. Point blank.
Kobe is Kobe. He is one of the best to ever play this game. Given the opportunity, he can embarrass you.
I wanted to go to San Antonio. I told them I was coming. I had to tell them that I was changing my mind and staying with the Nets. It was a day later when I had to tell them, but when I got back to Jersey, when I started thinking about the process, I felt a little more comfortable staying home.
I wanted to see if I could win a championship in San Antonio.
Joe Prunty will take over, and he will run the team. But nobody gets out of their lane. Joe will still be offense, and Sweeney will still be defense.
A lot of wear and tear on my body. I've been blessed not to have too many surgeries.
When you think about 19 years, it has been a heckuva ride. Physically, I want to be able to participate in activities with my kids, so it has taken a toll. It is time to move on and think about maybe coaching or doing some broadcasting.
The two things that are probably tied for first are winning a championship with the Mavericks and also being able to win a gold medal - two gold medals with Team USA.
The biggest thing is winning. No matter what percentage, no matter what my numbers say in the sense of points, assists, rebounds and steals, it's always been about winning.
The best players have the mental advantage throughout the league.
