American,Businessman
It's easy to forget, as a leader, that when employees don't get the wide view, not only does the point of their work escape them, but it can also lead to real frustration. It's hard to feel pride and ownership when you don't understand where things are going.
Meetings should be like salt - a spice sprinkled carefully to enhance a dish, not poured recklessly over every forkful. Too much salt destroys a dish. Too many meetings destroy morale and motivation.
Statistics rarely drive me. Feelings, intuition, and gut instinct do.
By rationing in-person meetings, their stature is elevated to that of a rare treat. They become something to be savored, something special.
When meetings are the norm - the first resort, the go-to tool to discuss, debate, and solve every problem - they no longer work.
Hiring people is like making friends. Pick good ones, and they'll enrich your life. Make bad choices, and they'll bring you down.
I've found that nurturing untapped potential is far more exhilarating than finding someone who has already peaked.
A fixed deadline and a flexible scope are the crucial combination.
Great people want to work on things that matter. Inevitably, a great person working on imaginary work will turn into an unsatisfied person.
Entrepreneurs love to view risk as binary. The more you put on the line, the greater the potential for reward.
Success isn't about being the biggest. It's about letting the right size find you.
Deadlines are great for customers because having one means they get a product, not just a promise that someday they'll get a product.
The risk of relying on a handful of customers is not just financial. Your product also is at risk when you're at the mercy of a few big spenders. When any one customer pays you significantly more than the others, your product inevitably ends up catering mostly to that customer's specific needs.
One of the secret benefits of using remote workers is that the work itself becomes the yardstick to judge someone's performance.
When you can't see someone all day long, the only thing you have to evaluate is the work. A lot of the petty evaluation stats just melt away.
I believe if you start a business with the intent of making it huge, you're already prioritizing the wrong thing. Size is important, but it's a byproduct of a whole bunch of other things that are worth way more of your mental energy - customers, service, quality.
We think of computers as smart and powerful machines. But your goldfish is smarter.
What's bad, boring, and barely read all over? Business writing.
I used to think that deadlines should be ignored until the product was ready: that they were a nuisance, a hurdle in front of quality, a forced measure to get something out the door for the good of the schedule, not the customer.
Bottom line: If you can't spare some time to give your employees the chance to wow you, you'll never get the best from them.
If you could taste words, most corporate websites, brochures, and sales materials would remind you of stale, soggy rice cakes: nearly calorie free, devoid of nutrition, and completely unsatisfying.
Who you work with is even more important than who you hang out with because you spend a lot more time with your workmates than your friends.
Like many entrepreneurs, I started out in sales. I began at 14, when I got a job selling shoes and tennis rackets at a pro shop, and I've been selling one thing or another ever since.
It's like, the front door of the office is like a Cuisinart, and you walk in, and your day is shredded to bits because you have 15 minutes here, 30 minutes there, and something else happens, you're pulled off your work, then you have 20 minutes, then it's lunch, then you have something else to do.
You cannot ask somebody to be creative in 15 minutes and really think about a problem. You might have a quick idea, but to be in deep thought about a problem and really consider a problem carefully, you need long stretches of uninterrupted time.
Very, very few people actually have long stretches of uninterrupted time at an office.
Whenever you need something from someone else before you can move forward, it's a dependency. We believe dependencies slow people down. We want people to be more independent, because that will keep them moving forward.
The reality is, risk is variable. Those in the financial world know it.
I'm generally risk averse, and most great entrepreneurs I know are as well.
In my mind, declaring that an unfamiliar task will yield low-hanging fruit is almost always an admission that you have little insight about what you're setting out to do.
Sometimes you get lucky and things are as easy as you had imagined, but that's rarely the case.
Respect the work that you've never done before.
Remind yourself that other people's jobs aren't so simple.
When we launched the first version of Basecamp in 2004, we decided to build software for small companies just like us.
Selling to small businesses and selling to enterprises take two very different approaches with two very different kinds of people.
A diverse customer base helps insulate you; a few large accounts can leave you vulnerable to their whims.
We don't want to bank all our risk on a small collection of big companies. We don't want to lose 20 percent of our business if one big account goes away.
I've seen small businesses turn into terrible midsize or big ones because they let their desire to achieve some arbitrary metric get the best of them. Whatever is compromised as a result doesn't matter anymore, as long as the company is growing.
I'd love to see more businesses take this approach - intentionally rightsizing themselves. Hit a number that feels good and say, 'Let's stick around here.'
Whenever I speak at a conference, I try to catch a few of the other presentations. I tend to stand in the back and listen, observe, and get a general sense of the room.
Sustained exhaustion is not a rite of passage. It's a mark of stupidity.
People pulling 16-hour days on a regular basis are exhausted. They're just too tired to notice that their work has suffered because of it.
When you're short on sleep, you're short on patience. You're ruder to people, less tolerant, less understanding. It's harder to relate and to pay attention for sustained periods of time.
Many of the things we do at Basecamp would be considered unusual at most companies: paying for employees' hobbies, allowing our team to work from anywhere, even footing the bill for fresh fruits and veggies in our staff members' homes.
Give your employees a shot at showing the company a new way, and provide the room for them to chalk up a few small victories. Once they've proved that their idea can work on a limited basis, they can begin to scale it up.
If an employee can demonstrate results produced in a way that the company didn't think possible, then a new way forward can begin to take shape.
When time, money, and results are on the line, it's easy for tension to build.
We like to bully deadlines. Pick on them; make fun of them; even spit on them sometimes. But what a terrible thing to do. Deadlines are actually our best friends.
If you tell your story well, it can help attract customers; it can help people understand your business better, and you are more approachable as a business and a company.
I'm not sure a lot of companies know their story, or can explain why they exist and who they are, without just spewing just corporate speech.
I think the story is important in every business. Why do you exist, why are you here, why is your product different, why should I pay attention, why should I care?
A lot of people relate leadership to formalities. They believe that leadership is about being professional and strong and always right and being a booming voice. I just don't buy that. I think that leadership is a soft skill; it's a people skill.
I think what really people want is just a few things done really, really well. And if you think about ever day of your life, the things you really appreciate aren't the complicated things. They're the simple things that work just the way you expect them to.
A company gets better at the things it practices.
Practice quality, and you get better at quality. But quality takes time, so by working solely on quality, you end up losing something else that's important - speed.
As businesses grow, all sorts of things that once were done on the fly - including creating new products - have a way of becoming bureaucratized.
I casually advise a few young companies, and I'm always surprised when I see them overthinking simple problems, adding too much structure too early, and trying to get formal too soon. Start-ups should embrace their scrappiness, not rush to toss it aside.
When it comes to making decisions, I'm not what you'd call a numbers guy.
I know plenty of entrepreneurs who are numbers first. They tend to be highly analytical people, and before they pull the trigger, all the numbers have to line up just right.
The owner of a company with supertight margins - say, a restaurant, retailer, or producer of commodity goods - would be a fool not to keep a close eye on the numbers. But when I make big decisions, numbers are seldom, if ever, the tiebreaker.
I live in Chicago but own some property up in Wisconsin.
In almost every case, cutting things back is a way of favoring what is left.
I'm a designer, but I rely on programmers to bring my ideas to life. By learning to code myself, I think I can make things easier for all of us. Similarly, I want to be able to build things on my own without having to bother a programmer.
Unlike a goldfish, a computer can't really do anything without you telling it exactly what you want it to do.
A computer doesn't have a mind of its own - it needs someone else's to function.
You have to live with your decisions every day. Why live with one you're uneasy with? 'Because it'll make you money' is a common reply. But I don't think that's good enough.
We've never much liked the idea of charging a participation tax, a phrase we coined to represent what it feels like when a software company charges you more money for each additional user. Participation taxes discourage usage across a company.
Lots of business owners spend their lives trying to land the whale - the single, massive, brand-name account that will fatten the top line and bestow instant credibility. But big customers make me nervous.
A large user base helps shield us from things we can't control. You can spend years catering to a major corporation, for example, only to see your contact there move on.
I've run into a lot of companies that invent positions for great people just so they don't get away. But hiring people when you don't have real work for them is insulting to them and hurtful to you.
When you write like everyone else and sound like everyone else and act like everyone else, you're saying, 'Our products are like everyone else's, too.'
If you care about your product, you should care just as much about how you describe it.
Even companies that do big business online struggle to be noticed by Google users. The Web, after all, is home to some 120 million Internet domains and tens of billions of indexed pages. But every company, big or small, can draw more Google traffic by using search-engine optimization - SEO, for short.
