American,Author
In real life, I tend to yell at people a lot. Not because I'm bossy or mean, but because I'm frustrated.
I believe that I have such a vanilla life.
I believe that I have such a vanilla life. But maybe I come with a different perspective. I'm always trying to improve myself.
I've always been able to cook Italian food. That's in my blood because I'm half Sicilian.
When you think about a drill sergeant, a drill sergeant expects you to perform your best, and if you don't, they're going to stay on you until you do.
No one wants to friend or follow covert info about Pakistan's nuclear policy.
There's nothing fun about stuff like estate planning, getting mammograms, or talking to a guy about long term disability insurance, but do it anyway. Trust me, the stress of not having done the above is prematurely aging.
My friend created an iPhone app that locates Vienna Beef products across the country. Personally, I came hardwired with an internal GPS that instinctively points me toward coffee shops, cupcake stores and the perfect Chicago-style dog, so I find this technology redundant.
I had been terrified of Halloween my entire adult life. Loved it as a kid, but the minute I got out of college, there were little kids at my door demanding candy, which, No. 1, I couldn't afford, and, No. 2, if I had candy, it would be mine.
No matter how happy anyone is with their choices, I believe it's human nature to wonder about the path not taken.
As a reader, I notice political views regardless of whether or not the book is fiction. What annoys me is when said views do nothing to advance the narrative.
Remember when Japan was cool? We used to run around with 'Mr. Roboto' on our Walkmans, 'The Karate Kid' in our Betamaxes and wore T-shirts embossed with the characters for 'storm sewer' and 'dishwasher.'
Here's a bit of Discovery Channel for you - apples don't last forever. They can stay fresh for a long time, especially when refrigerated, but definitely not from December into the month of March.
Our citizens never hesitate to take sides against one another, whether it's Democrats versus Republicans, Coke drinkers opposed to Pepsi enthusiasts or Yankee loyalists against Red Sox aficionados.
I'm not thin, but I'm strong - plus my balance is such that I can navigate a flight of stairs with a basket of laundry and a stack of Pottery Barn catalogs, vaulting over cat-and-dog hurdles, never once spilling my coffee.
You can't all of a sudden go to sleep one night and wake up Martha Stewart. It's bit by bit by bit.
Everyone who reads me is someone I'd like to hang out with.
I'm such a fangirl when it comes to other writers. I read 250 books a year, and I'm always talking up books by other authors.
Writing is something that I've always loved. That stems from my love of being a reader.
I'm very detail oriented. I think that's why people enjoy my memoirs - because I tend to remember everything.
I think people tend to be very myopic and they don't understand how their actions impact others.
I never ever, ever say anything against my husband to anyone except my husband. Everyone gets in fights, and I think the natural propensity for women is, 'Oh I want to talk to someone.' But the minute you take what bothers you outside the bond between you and your husband, you let someone else into the relationship and that causes a wedge.
Expressing political opinion can be a powerful way to establish a character's voice when writing fiction.
I'm a humor writer, so I don't always present myself in the best light.
The Tao of Jen was very much the Tao of hiding everything that didn't look good. The Tao of Jen is wearing a cocktail dress with underwear with holes in it. The Tao of Jen is all style and no substance.
I like Oprah. I could sit around and make vision boards all day, but I wouldn't actually get anything done if I were to concentrate on my feelings rather than doing.
I don't want to limit myself as a writer. Tastes change, and I want to keep my eye on the future.
I didn't want to turn into Martha Stewart. I wanted to turn into a more organized, more gracious me. And that truly has happened.
I can clean my own house. Now, maybe a couple of times a year we have a cleaning crew come in before we have a party, but otherwise, I'm able to maintain it myself.
Plaid is always cute and always will be. But only on the bottom. At the top, it makes you look like a farmer.
Beauty pageants, you're only judged once. Sorority rush, you have to go through 20 parties.
The iPad's all about proprietary apps that are supposed to be amazing on the bigger screen.
To be clear, I'm not opposed to apps; I just want them to be geared to my lifestyle. I don't need a virtual NASCAR racing app, but I'd certainly appreciate one that stopped my husband from plowing into the lawnmower every time he pulls into the garage.
I could manage my life so much better if an app could tell me exactly when my parcels will be delivered so I don't spend the day under virtual house arrest.
After we were married, we were broke. Flat broke. Not only did we not have health insurance, we could barely keep a roof over our heads, let alone have the kind of coin to throw around on onesies and Pampers.
The first 'Wii Fit' games I tried were the slalom and ski jumping. I believe my spectacular failures here had more to do with the board resting on thick carpet than my shoddy balance.
Unless 'Wii Fit' stops acting like a mean girl, it's over between us forever.
I married a man who isn't afraid to wash a dish, scrub a toilet, or have his unibrow waxed into submission by a licensed professional.
