American,Musician
If someone is genuine, compassionate and kind, that is a turn-on. A sense of humor is a huge turn on, and that goes hand in hand with intelligence.
Less is more! I don't wear makeup if I don't have to.
I definitely think that, for a woman, the biggest turn-on is the mind. Otherwise, obviously you want someone who keeps up with himself and has self-respect and self-confidence.
I have always loved and continued to love Johnny Depp. Period. End of story.
When we were at the CMT Awards this year, Robert Plant was there. What an icon, I love him... But I can't go up and speak to him, because I don't want to seem like a goob.
My outfits also need to be low-key. I'm a huge fan of boots, sandals, jeans and tank tops! Anything I can move in easily.
I really enjoy just hanging out at my house since I never get to be there.
As far as actresses go, I love Meryl Streep.
I have this thing for British women. I love Judi Dench. I love Helen Mirren. I love these women, and I definitely do have big girl crushes on them.
I would love to be on 'Glee,' thus furthering the myth that I'm a gay man.
Theater is definitely something that, through the course of my childhood and even in college, I enjoyed participating in. I would love to do theater, or as far as movies or television goes, if the right thing came along I would definitely entertain it.
I've actually performed at Gay Pride in Atlanta three times in my career. I've always had a large gay following, particularly in the lesbian community. I am grateful for that. To me, it means my music transcends categories. It also means that I'm a cute girl singing a rock song in an alto voice!
I had a friend write me that our music was being played at Gay Pride in New York, which is a big compliment. In the biggest city in the country with the most culture and the most grit - I love it.
The Grammy is the highest honor in music that we can receive, outside of having fans come and watch you every night and clap.
For my whole career, I've been a singer-slash-songwriter, even though I'm very thankfully known for my voice. Songwriting has always been a joy in my life, and to be recognized for it is extremely validating.
I feel very grateful that I have never had to be or ever chosen to be or accidentally found myself to be in the space of the other woman.
We many times sell ourselves short, not only in relationships but throughout our own lives. Hopefully, we come around at some point and realize our own value.
I remember thinking, 'Downward dog' is so not a resting pose!' Now it actually can be.
As with most physical activity, yoga helps boost your immune system. However, it also stretches and strengthens your body simultaneously, while also balancing your mind and spirit. It benefits the whole human.
