American,Businessman
Without rain, there is no life.
If you're not in the game to win, you shouldn't be in the game.
Certainly Yahoo! wouldn't exist without the sort of environment that Stanford gave us to allow us to create it.
People regard Yahoo as a platform for essential services, and it's had a profound impact on the way people obtain information, communicate, and their entertainment.
The Internet's a driving force in the change from mass media to 'my media,' in which consumers will be their own programmers.
Companies such as Microsoft, Cisco and Intel were just starting at their 10-year anniversary.
I invest in things for the long term and have a long horizon and the flexibility.
In 2010, when the Lotus Sutra was made available to me by a private dealer, I was very fortunate to be able to have it. It is very long, 30 feet or something crazy like that. It has some 15,000 very small standard script characters that the artist Zhao Mengfu in the Yuan dynasty made when he was in his 60s.
You have to ask what is going to happen to a lot of companies when there is not a lot more money to be gotten. That changes everybody's perspective, I think.
I thought I wanted to be an electrical engineer, which I turned out to be. But I was always curious about other things too, and what if I got interested in history or the law?
My time at Yahoo, from its founding to the present, has encompassed some of the most exciting and rewarding experiences of my life.
The time has come for me to pursue other interests outside of Yahoo.
I'm a Stanford kid through and through.
I wanted to be able to do things at my own pace, make mistakes and nobody would care.
Once you meet an entrepreneur like Jack Ma, you just want to make sure you bet on him. It's not a hard decision.
China's Web has grown away from just duplicating services from the U.S.
Obviously, no one knows when the market is going to bottom out, and I am certainly not an economist.
I will continue to focus on global strategy and to do everything I can to help Yahoo! realize its full potential and enhance its leading culture of technology and product excellence and innovation.
I am excited to join the Workday Board at an exciting time in the company's growth and look forward to leveraging my past experience as a technologist and entrepreneur to provide advice as they continue to look at new areas of growth.
Scanadu is right at the heart of the next generation of computing, which combines mobility, sensors, cloud and big data. I am bullish on Scanadu and its potential to revolutionize the way we think about our health.
Companies that banked their future on broadband - most of them are not very successful.
Curbside is primed to fundamentally change the way people shop - by creating a seamless way for consumers to access products from local merchants - by successfully developing complex location and inventory technology.
The last bastion of competitiveness is local advertising sales. There's little being spent by local advertisers on the Internet. That's where local media have leverage.
The Curbside founders are successful entrepreneurs, who each have sold their companies to Apple.
The Openbucks Gift Card Payment Network taps into a whole new market of consumers that either by choice or due to limited resources may not have been able to previously buy goods online.
Yahoo is positioned for accelerated financial growth. We have a powerful consumer brand, a huge global audience, and a highly profitable operating model.
