American,Producer
If you have a crisis, whether on a ship or wherever, there are heroes who rise above it.
Because you can't do anything halfway, you've got to go all the way in anything you do.
What I do is try to stay away from the hot subjects.
I only make movies I want to go see.
Well, I don't look back and celebrate. I just always worry about the next one.
There are a lot of movies that inspire me to do what I do.
I mean if you put all of your eggs in one basket, boy, and that thing blows up you've got a real problem.
I love entertaining people and this is entertainment.
I like to make pictures about people who make a difference.
Although, I think you look back and you try to learn from your mistakes.
A lot of it had to do with when it's released and what's out in the marketplace, what's its competition.
If I knew what makes a movie catch on then I'd make hit after hit.
I just don't know what makes a movie catch on and other ones don't.
Sometimes we'll only get one script in a year that we want to make that we feel is good enough.
But once we got them on its feet then they run themselves, unless there's corrections you have to make.
And usually the studios they don't want you to have credit for your movies because they want to take credit for the movies because if you get credit for your movies they've got to pay you more.
In TV we've used something that I love... it's called process. I love process.
I love taking you inside a world that you're not apart of and showing how actually works.
Definitely, it's a fear of failure that drives me.
Yeah sure, I'd love to have all my movies on DVD.
I still that that movie-goers like the experience of leaving their homes and going to have a communal experience, especially in comedies or interactive things where you can get an audience reaction to.
The director's who want to be innovative use the DVD as a tool to see what people have done in the past and you have other people who will actually take from better directors and that makes them better directors.
I think we look to the military as something that protects our shores.
The whole world has changed after September 11th.
It's very difficult to release an X-rated movie.
We know as filmmakers where you draw the line.
