American,Businessman
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
Take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise, you will have the gift, the style, the sharpness, the clarity, and the emotions to affect other people.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.
Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well.
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.
Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know.
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.
Character isn't something you were born with and can't change, like your fingerprints. It's something you weren't born with and must take responsibility for forming.
It doesn't matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off. You cannot make progress without making decisions.
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Whoever renders service to many puts himself in line for greatness - great wealth, great return, great satisfaction, great reputation, and great joy.
The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could have materialized - never knowing.
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said.
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process.
Don't just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it.
Your philosophy determines whether you will go for the disciplines or continue the errors.
To solve any problem, here are three questions to ask yourself: First, what could I do? Second, what could I read? And third, who could I ask?
Miss a meal if you have to, but don't miss a book.
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day.
Money is usually attracted, not pursued.
The reason that fiction is more interesting than any other form of literature, to those who really like to study people, is that in fiction the author can really tell the truth without humiliating himself.
Asking is the beginning of receiving. Make sure you don't go to the ocean with a teaspoon. At least take a bucket so the kids won't laugh at you.
Don't bring your need to the marketplace, bring your skill. If you don't feel well, tell your doctor, but not the marketplace. If you need money, go to the bank, but not the marketplace.
Labor gives birth to ideas.
Things that I felt absolutely sure of but a few years ago, I do not believe now. This thought makes me see more clearly how foolish it would be to expect all men to agree with me.
We get paid for bringing value to the market place.
