American,Entertainer
The number one rule of thieves is that nothing is too small to steal.
Those of Manhattan are the brokers on Wall Street and they talk of people who went to the same colleges; those from Queens are margin clerks in the back offices and they speak of friends who live in the same neighborhood.
If a man, for private profit, tears at the public news, does so with the impatience of one who thinks he actually owns the news you get, it is against the national interest.
Politics, where fat, bald, disagreeable men, unable to be candidates themselves, teach a president how to act on a public stage.
I don't know any other columnists, and I don't know what they do. I work the single! And nobody does what I do, anyway.
The professional arsonist builds vacant lots for money.
When you stop drinking, you have to deal with this marvelous personality that started you drinking in the first place.
I busted out of the place in a hurry and went to a saloon and drank beer and said that for the rest of my life I'd never take a job in a place where you couldn't throw cigarette butts on the floor. I was hooked on this writing for newspapers and magazines.
Why something in the public interest such as television news can be fought over, like a chain of hamburger stands, eludes me.
Complainant received immediate lacerations of the credibility.
Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
The first funeral for Andrew Goodman was at night and it was a lot of work. To begin with they had to kill him.
Speaks cheerful English and in the past has written this language with a paintbrush that talks.
Media, the plural of mediocrity.
Rage is the only quality which has kept me, or anybody I have ever studied, writing columns for newspapers.
I played football. I played trumpet. I could draw.
I became a copy boy. Not for long. I started writing stories.
Newspapers are so boring. How can you read a newspaper that starts with a 51-word lead sentence?
Don't try to tell Namath's people on First Avenue about Babe Ruth, because they don't even know the name. In fact, with the young, you can forget all of baseball. The sport is gone. But if you ever have seen Ruth, and then you see Namath, you know there is very little difference.
Don't call me a journalist; I hate the word. It's pretentious!
If you gather a lot of stuff, then you write it, write in scenes with dialogue. Somewhere in the middle, rising from all this research like strong metal towers, is your opinions.
Pick up any newspaper in the morning. Count the words in the lead sentences. There will be at least 25 in all of them: Guaranteed. The writers just want to tell you how many degrees they have from this college or that university.
Some time ago, I made a basic decision about the way in which I was going to live the little of life available to me The idea was to place myself in the presence of only those people who give off the warm, friendly vibrations which soothe the coating on my nerves. Life never was long enough to provide time for enemies.
You get a little picture that reflects the whole. You can get readers interested in the life of one guy, and he can reflect the whole life around him. And it's a better picture than the politicians give you.
A politician finds anything to do with racial problems far more frightening than a gun.
