American,Actor
I had a really wonderful upbringing. We were a tight family. It was wonderful to grow up with so many siblings. We were all just a year or two apart, and we were always so supportive of each other. I learned everything from my older brother and sister and taught it to my younger sisters.
I've always loved music, but I never really played anything. After 'Walk the Line' and learning to play guitar, and having that sense of performing, I think that certainly opened the door for me, for music.
I once told a journalist that girls call me 'Kitten,' but I couldn't have been more sarcastic, and no matter how many times I've said that it was a joke, it still doesn't go away.
I always have the fear that, if I don't commit 100 percent to my work, then it's gonna suffer.
When I go out with the ladies, I don't force them to pronounce my name. I tell them I like to go by the nickname of Kitten.
In most films - especially in regards to the protagonist - really from the get-go they set up some scenario that endears that character to the audience. Or imbues him with some nobility or heroism or something.
I feel an obligation to set the record straight. Actors that say they're affected by something, that it changes their life, that they take it home with them, they're just trying to get nominated for an Oscar!
When I decide to do something, I stick with it, total commitment.
If you walk into a room and one hundred people say, 'You are a lovely, beautiful person', who isn't going to be affected by that? But you have to tell yourself not to value that. You have to tell yourself - or at least I do - to not become accustomed to hearing applause in any way, because I think that's dangerous.
It's hard for me to put my feelings into words.
My significant other right now is myself, which is what happens when you suffer from multiple personality disorder and self-obsession.
There are kids who get on a BMX bike when they're eight years old and they go, 'Whoa, this is incredible,' and grow up to do extreme sports. It's the same for me with acting.
I'd see child actors and I'd get so jealous, because they're just completely wide open.
With public figures involved in a relationship it seems that there is a machine behind their love so oftentimes.
I guess my experience with some stuff is kind of abstract.
I've made up so many stores about my name, I can't remember.
I becan acting when River was doing this TV series and they needed two kids for the show, so they got me and my little sister, Summer, to do it. After that I did some really weird guest spots with orangutans and stuff.
Acting is real important to me. I love it, and it's something I care about.
No, I don't want to talk about River. I have nothing to say about it that I would want to be public.
I didn't know much about him, and I wasn't a big country music fan. I listened to the Beatles and David Bowie, so I didn't know a lot about him.
I don't spend most of my life in front of the media.
I've always loved hip-hop, since I was a kid, that's the music that I loved. I think everyone of our generation kind of fantasized about hip-hop in some ways.
I still think that movies are amazing; I respect actors and directors.
I'm incredibly lazy!
Things are rarely as exciting or dramatic as we make them out to be in the press.
I don't know why I always get to play these guys who have few redeeming features. But don't knock it. Villains are much more fun.
For me, I'd rather have an intense experience than not.
For me, I guess I'm the acting equivalent of somebody that jumps off buildings and parachutes.
Going out on a stage publicly and not knowing how people are going to react to you - once I experienced that, it made me feel much more comfortable about going into a scene.
Once I became a total buffoon, it was so liberating.
In every film, whether it's a fictional character or not, you create an idea of the character and for me I always do a bad impersonation to start with.
I would try and sing along with bands that I like but it sounded so atrocious that I couldn't.
Might I be ridiculous? Might my career in music be laughable? Yeah, that's possible, but that's certainly not my intention.
You see so many earnest characters in movies all the time, everyone has a purpose.
I wish I had fair justification for not being as informed as I should be, but I don't.
I guess I had what you could call an unconventional upbringing.
When I look back I can't believe how my parents managed, but the cliche is true. We didn't have money, but we were rich in so many other ways.
I feel like everything you learn as an actor growing up is wrong. You're supposed to hit your mark, find your light and know your lines. Those are all things that just make things wooden, dull and boring.
My parents were just searching for an alternative way of raising their children.
You're always thinking, What's the next move - the career, the money.
The only reason why I would like to be accepted? Because if your movies don't do well, after a while you don't get to make any more movies.
You can take that 'I'm an artiste' stuff to the wrong extreme, too.
Whether you think a film will affect society or it's plain entertainment, it's all excellent, it's all noble.
