American,Photographer
The truth is that from birth on we are, to one extent or another, a fairly sensual species.
Different members of different cultures will think that some things are beautiful.
If somebody's pointing a trembling finger at your pants and saying you shouldn't be doing that, follow that finger back, go up the arm and look at the head that's behind it, because there's almost always something fairly woolly in there.
I'm guilty of extraordinary naivete, I suppose. But it's a naivete that I really don't want to abandon, not even now.
Some of the people that I photographed as sticks became much more voluptuous, much rounder, in some cases dramatically so, and I think they're even more beautiful.
If it gets to the Supreme Court, I'll have the directors of every museum in the country as expert testimony that my work is legitimate art.
A virulent, aggressive minority has decided that Americans don't know themselves what it is they should see, and need to be protected by people who are wiser than they are, even if they are only a tiny sliver of the population.
What I'm good at is making art.
I became good at defending myself, but as far as I was concerned, that was a transient skill.
I'd rather get back to making art than talk about it.
It's no small irony that the government inevitably and invariably ends up promoting precisely that which they would most like to repress.
It's really, really hard to make it as a fine-art photographer exclusively.
All my life I've taken photographs of people who are completely at peace being what they were in the situations I photographed them in.
They were without clothes before I got there, and they were without clothes when I left.
There are photographs that I don't take now that I previously would have taken without any thought at all as to any misinterpretations.
Before, I'd photograph anything. I didn't think there was anything more or less obscene about any part of the body.
Now, I recognize that there are certain postures and angles that make people see red, which are evidence of original sin or something, and I avoid that. I don't shoot that any more.
I've had to relearn how I work with people so that if and when I do avoid different things I don't send any messages in doing so.
I'm the last person who has any desire to instruct anybody in shame. That's no errand for me.
There isn't a person alive who doesn't like being caressed.
As soon as you forbid something, you make it extraordinarily appealing. You also bring shame in as a phenomenon.
I'm an artist that's attracted to a specific way of seeing and a way of being.
Any artist that's involved in their work is inevitably going to have a focus in what they do.
I am fascinated by the human body and all its evolutions.
The images I like best are parts of series that I've started, in some cases, with the pregnancies of the mothers of the children in question, and I continue that series right on through the birth of children to the child that resulted from that first pregnancy.
That's my ambition: that you look at the pictures and realize what complex, fascinating, interesting people every single one of my subjects is.
