American,Clergyman
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors.
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.
Every day we have plenty of opportunities to get angry, stressed or offended. But what you're doing when you indulge these negative emotions is giving something outside yourself power over your happiness. You can choose to not let little things upset you.
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.
Don't ever criticize yourself. Don't go around all day long thinking, 'I'm unattractive, I'm slow, I'm not as smart as my brother.' God wasn't having a bad day when he made you... If you don't love yourself in the right way, you can't love your neighbour. You can't be as good as you are supposed to be.
It's easy to get negative because you get beat down. You go through a few disappointments and it's easy to stay in that negative frame of mind. Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is a whole cliche, but your attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
See, when you drive home today, you've got a big windshield on the front of your car. And you've got a little bitty rearview mirror. And the reason the windshield is so large and the rearview mirror is so small is because what's happened in your past is not near as important as what's in your future.
Let go of yesterday. Let today be a new beginning and be the best that you can, and you'll get to where God wants you to be.
I believe that God has put gifts and talents and ability on the inside of every one of us. When you develop that and you believe in yourself and you believe that you're a person of influence and a person of purpose, I believe you can rise up out of any situation.
Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year.
I don't think you should spend your life praying for things, but I do believe you should thank God for what He's given you... but I think the scripture teaches us that we can pray for our dreams, pray for the big things... he's not a small God; this God is incredible.
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
God made you a masterpiece - be blessed, secure, disciplined and equipped.
If you don't set the tone for the day, the devil will set it for you.
God can cause opportunity to find you. He has unexpected blessings where you suddenly meet the right person, or suddenly your health improves, or suddenly you're able to pay off your house. That's God shifting things in your favor.
You have to come to your closed doors before you get to your open doors... What if you knew you had to go through 32 closed doors before you got to your open door? Well, then you'd come to closed door number eight and you'd think, 'Great, I got another one out of the way'... Keep moving forward.
God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.
Encouragement to others is something everyone can give. Somebody needs what you have to give. It may not be your money; it may be your time. It may be your listening ear. It may be your arms to encourage. It may be your smile to uplift. Who knows?
I wouldn't ever say if you're having tough times then there must be something wrong with you or your attitude. Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith. I encourage people to stay up, stay hopeful, stay faith-filled.
Faith is about trusting God when you have unanswered questions.
You can live your life angry, bitter, mad at somebody or even guilty, not letting go of your own mistakes, but you won't receive the good things God has in store.
I think faith is incredibly important because you will become overwhelmed with what's happening and you will have waves of grief, but when you turn to your faith, I believe God will give you waves of grace to get through it.
We live in a culture that relishes tearing others down. It's ultimately more fulfilling, though, to help people reach their goals. Instead of feeling jealous, remember: If God did it for them, He can do it for you.
Do all you can to make your dreams come true.
If you want to reap financial blessings, you have to sow financially.
Sometimes we look back and 10 years from now we think, 'Boy, those were great old days.' Well, you know, we're living in the good old days.
I like to think my dad was easygoing and kind, and I think some of those things have been passed down. I am like him in a sense of being positive and hopeful. He was compassionate, and I've got a lot of that in me as well.
The main rule to me is to honor God with your life. To life a life of integrity. Not be selfish. You know, help others. But that's really the essence of the Christian faith.
I mean we all need a second chance sometimes.
My biggest hobby is hanging out with my family and kids.
If we're going to bring out the best in people, we, too, need to sow seeds of encouragement.
I always try to put a seed of hope into people's hearts. I'm not there to teach them doctrine necessarily, but to let them know that God is a good God, and has a plan for their lives. Hopefully, that will restore their faith, or draw them into faith.
Let go of offence. Let go of fear. Let go of revenge. Don't live angry, let go now!
I believe God wants you to have money to pay your bills, send your kids to college and do charity work and build orphanages. There's the teaching that we're supposed to be poor to show that we're humble. I don't buy that. I think we're supposed to be leaders. We're supposed to excel.
I think that God gives you your own will and choices. I don't believe that we're supposed to drag ourselves through life defeated and not see God's blessings. But you have to make the right choices and follow that still, small voice within you. Because I think that's how God leads us.
God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
If you give, you will be blessed.
My message is that God is a good God.
I'm not for gay marriage, but I'm not for discriminating against people.
You were not created to just get by with an average, unrewarding, or unfulfilling life. God created you to leave your mark on this generation.
The greatest difficulty always comes right before the birth of a dream.
A good thing to remember is somebody's got it a lot worse than we do.
I don't think that a same-sex marriage is the way God intended it to be.
I say, don't try to fight your own battles because God will do it.
We need to show mercy. I mean, because as much mercy as you show people, that's the mercy you're going to be receiving.
I've always been - you know, my personality is motivating and encouraging. And so I'm just being who God made me to be.
God's desire is that we excel.
I'm a reverend and a pastor. A pastor of the church. I go by usually pastor.
I'm not trying to follow a set of rules and stuff. I'm just living my life.
I don't mind saying, you know, that I don't take a salary from the church, and God has blessed me with more money than I could imagine from my books.
See, people are watching you. Especially your children. They're taking in every single thing you do. They are like video cameras with legs. And they are always in the record mode. They learn more from what you do than from what you say.
You cannot let where you are today cause you to get stuck. I'm going to be my best right now. That's what faith is all about.
I think how you start the day many times determines what kind of day you're going to have.
It's in the difficult times that we're growing and you can't just rebuke everything hard. We've got to endure it and fight the good fight of faith and pass the test.
Everybody is going to have their critics. It's easy to get discouraged in life.
God puts people in our lives on purpose so we can help them succeed and help them become all He created them to be. Most people will not reach their full potential without somebody else believing in them.
A disagreement or incident involving someone who's not that important to you, like a guy who cut you off in traffic or a rude cashier, is something that should roll off your shoulders. Save the effort for resolving conflicts with the people you cherish.
There's plenty about God that I don't understand and can't explain. But I come back to my core belief that God is good, that He's for us.
Whether a person is straight or gay, Republican, Democrat, good person, not a good person, they're all welcome, because to me, church is a place you're supposed to get healed and whole and loved.
Yes, the Bible should be taught in our schools because it is necessary to understand the Bible if we are to truly understand our own culture and how it came to be. The Bible has influenced every part of western culture from our art, music, and history, to our sense of fairness, charity, and business.
You may make some mistakes - but that doesn't make you a sinner. You've got the very nature of God on the inside of you.
You can be committed to Church but not committed to Christ, but you cannot be committed to Christ and not committed to church.
I made a decision when my father passed away that I was going to be who God made me to be and not try to preach like my father.
Let go of yesterday.
We think when God speaks to us, there's going to be a boom out of Heaven or we're going to get some chill bumps, but I really believe God's talking to us all the time. He's talking to us right in here. I call it our heart, our conscience, but it's the Holy Spirit talking to us.
People respond when you tell them there is a great future in front of you, you can leave your past behind.
I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society.
A lot of people have it a lot worse than you do.
We can be civil. We can still be friends, and be Democrats and Republicans, and have different views.
I feel like my message is to let people know that God is a good God, that He's on their side, and no matter what happens, He has a great plan for them.
I try to live what I teach. A lot of things come against us in life, but we should try to find something to be grateful for, and see each day as a gift.
Just because something didn't work out your way, or somebody disappointed you, that does not change who you are.
I really believed that fear is contagious.
I believe God's keeping the records, and I believe you will be rewarded even in this life. Somehow, some way, God will make it up to you. It may be He protected you from an accident you never knew. You can't give God something without God giving you more in return, whether it's peace or joy or satisfaction.
There's pros and cons of a big church. Cons is I don't get to know everybody, I don't get to go to their ballgame, I don't get to marry everybody, but the pros are you get all this community, 800 ushers come in to serve, getting there at 7 in the morning on their day off and coming in on Saturday to make all those wafers.
Every day is a gift from God. There's no guarantee of tomorrow, so that tells me to see the good in this day to make the most of it.
Any of us can be happy and have a good attitude when everything is going our way. But I believe it's the real test of your character and of your faith to say, 'Things are not going our way, but I'm still being good to people; I'm still attending church; I still have a good attitude.'
So many people are looking at what's wrong, and I try to encourage them to look at what's right in their life. A lot of people have it a lot worse than you do.
Isn't it funny how babies laugh a lot? I read a toddler, a young child laughs 300 times a day. The average adult laughs, like, four times a day. God put it in them. He put the laugh in us, but I think sometimes we let life get us down, you know, have bad breaks, and we lose our breaks.
It's God's will for you to live in prosperity instead of poverty. It's God's will for you to pay your bills and not be in debt.
I believe that God's dream is that we be successful in our careers, and that we be able to send our kids to college. I don't mean that everyone is going to be rich, and I preach a lot on blooming where you're planted. But I don't have the mindset that money is a bad thing.
Friend, there's no greater investment in life than in being a people builder. Relationships are more important than our accomplishments.
I'm not the judge. You know, God didn't tell me to go around judging everybody.
I just think that trusting God means we're going to have unanswered questions, and God is so much bigger than us, we're never going to understand them all.
It seems like when I was growing up there was more compromise, wanting to work with each other, and I think all of them - all of the lawmakers - have hearts to do what's right, and they all are passionate about it.
This is my Bible. I am what it says I am. I have what it says I have. I can do what it says I can do.
God's got you in the palm of His hand. You won't leave one second before your time. If God wants you to be here, then you're going to be here.
You know, there is always times where you feel discouraged and things coming against you, but I don't know if I ever wanted to throw in the towel.
Gays are some of the nicest, kindest, most loving people in the world.
Well I think a lot of times we're putting things off and I'm going to do it later. I'm going to break this bad habit or I'm going to pursue this dream or I'm going to treat my spouse better.
The question is not, 'Do you have a problem?' The question is, 'Does the problem have you?'
God wants to bless us where we are.
I have always believed in God.
I'm going to let God be the judge of who goes to heaven and hell.
If Jesus were here today, he wouldn't be riding around on a donkey. He'd be taking a plane, he'd be using the media.
If we say it long enough eventually we're going to reap a harvest. We're going to get exactly what we're saying.
You can be happy where you are.
Sometimes, I think if you get away from what you're called to do, it's more of a distraction.
I'm not looking to exclude people, I'm looking to include them.
I believe God gives you the grace to do what you need to do.
My parents were the same in the pulpit as they were at home. I think that's where a lot of preachers' kids get off base sometimes. Because they don't see the same things at both places.
I like sports, and I enjoy playing basketball and lifting weights.
The older I get, the better I understand that every day is a gift.
For a while... to be an evangelical meant you were a white Republican, and you were against this and against that. I don't want to be put into that mold, because then people judge you before they even listen... I don't want to divide the very people I am trying to reach.
I purposely don't talk about money, because people are already skeptical about TV preachers. But I do say that I want you to be blessed. To me, prosperity is having health, having great children, having peace, good relationships. It's not about the money.
A lot of psychological principles and even medical principles, you see them coming around to what the Bible said hundreds of years ago: a merry heart is good like a medicine.
I don't focus on the critics. Everyone who is making any difference in any field has critics. As long as I feel like I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing, then I don't worry about it.
There's a belief that you're supposed to be poor, and suffering, and show your humility. I just don't see the Bible that way. I see that God came and Jesus died so that we might live an abundant life and be a blessing to others.
Sometimes you need faith and victory spoken over your life. Words have created power. When you receive them into your spirit, they can ignite seeds of increase on the inside.
Indeed, it is as important to learn how to receive a blessing as it is to be willing to give one.
You are victors, not victims!
Faith is easy; I think people complicate it.
I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society. And I think talking in everyday terms and making sure people can understand it - I think that's important.
A lot of churches have not moved with the times.
I don't want to just preach to the church. I feel like I have a broader message.
I don't go down the road of condemning.
I think Bible principles are principles for life.
I think God's justice is making wrongs right.
I try to speak in everyday language. I feel like God has gifted me to take Bible principles and make them practical.
I'm very careful about saying who would and wouldn't go to heaven. I don't know.
I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it.
Most people already know what they're doing wrong. When I get them to church I want to tell them that you can change.
Only God can look at somebody's heart.
To me, we're marketing hope.
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.
I deal with more practical issues of the Bible.
I don't like to beat people down. They need to be lifted up.
I think the word rich is all relative.
I write all my sermons.
I don't have all the answers.
On Sundays when I speak, I hopefully give somebody something that they can use the next day at work or at home.
Sometimes when you take strong stands, if you're not called to do it, you're dividing the audience you're trying to reach.
I don't know what can be so dangerous about giving people hope.
It's amazing how people will give when you don't ask. Many of them send money because they believe in the message.
I believe the scripture says that being gay is a sin.
I don't believe we are supposed to go through life defeated and not having enough money to pay our bills or send our kids to college.
People define Christianity differently. I think a large portion of our population are Christians, they're not all growing in their faith, they're not all active, but I believe that a lot of people believe in Jesus and believe that he is their Lord and Savior.
I don't argue when people say that my message is simple, but I believe Jesus' message was simple.
The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.
You may never get to that perfect world that you're waiting for where everything's going to be perfect and you got that much money and your house paid off.
My dad had a church of 90 people when I was born. It was just, over the years it continued to grow.
Mormonism is a little different, but I still see them as brothers in Christ.
The Hindus are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet.
Sometimes what works 40 years ago doesn't work today.
I didn't try to copy my dad or fit into the pressure or the mold that everybody tried to make me fit into.
Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.
I believe that God breathed life into every person and that every person is made in the image of God and you have accept them as they are, on their journey. I'm not here to preach hate or push people down.
Salvation and Christ's love is a gift. You don't earn it. You've got to receive that gift.
A lot of preachers' kids are some of the most rebellious kids in the world. I never was like that.
I've always been very happy. I've always been easy going and I've always been very encouraging; it's just my personality.
I try to look on all the great things God's done, and not focus on the negative. It's a perspective.
When I hear Mitt Romney say that he believes that Jesus is the Son of God, that He's the Christ, raised from the dead, that He's his savior - that's good enough for me.
I'm trying to throw a big broad net to try to get people interested in God and believe that He's for them and has a purpose.
I believe God, Jesus, died that we not just go to Heaven but that we excel in this life. I never think you make money your goal... God wants you to excel. Just keep Him in first place, and God will open up doors you never dreamed of.
To me, it's OK to have differences. But we don't have to be mad about it. You know? And I think that's where sometimes we get so passionate that we - you know, it turns into anger.
I'm honest enough to say I don't know everything. You know, I don't. I don't understand all of God. I don't understand, you know, some kind of why bad things happen.
God always wants us to be growing.
If you don't let people flourish in their jobs, why are they going to stay?
I want the services to look and sound like the Grammys. It's not showy, but we represent God, and it should be first class.
Sometimes we look at gay being a bigger sin than being proud or not telling the truth. I don't think God categorizes sins.
I like to take every day just searching my own heart, making sure that I'm on course, and I'm doing what God wants me to do. I'm real good with not looking to the critics and looking straight ahead.
I don't know what can be so dangerous about giving people hope. Causing people to have better relationships. I'm not leading them to some false God or something like that.
I always want to listen to people and receive good criticism, but I just don't have to answer to them; I have to answer to God.
I want get across to not just the church world. I want to get outside those walls to everyday people.
I think sometimes the critics want me to beat people down, and that's not in me. I want to lift people up.
I don't argue when people say that my message is simple, but I believe Jesus' message was simple. Jesus didn't go around condemning people.
I just think that it's strong and it's important that we recognize what the Christmas season is about; it's about the birth of our Savior, and there's a lot of pressure today to be politically correct, but people are realizing, too, that you have to be open to express your faith what you want believe.
When you give up yourself, that's when you will feel the true spirit of Christmas. And that's giving that's serving others and that's when you feel fulfilled.
It's flattering to people who stop you and say that you've helped them and all. But, again, you know, you've got to stay humble because as quick as you came up, you can come down.
We need to, you know, restore people. We need to show mercy. I mean, because as much mercy as you show people, that's the mercy you're going to be receiving.
When I used to play sports, I'd be the one cheering the team on, 'Come on, we can beat these guys!' That's just in me.
I think God gives every one of us our own will, and unfortunately, some people choose to do evil things with it.
I don't mind saying, you know, that I don't take a salary from the church, and God has blessed me with more money than I could imagine from my books. It's been printed all over, so I don't feel like I am hiding anything.
My belief as a Christian is when we receive Christ as salvation, that that gives us a guarantee for Heaven.
If you are against yourself, you will never reach your highest potential. And when you criticize yourself, you're criticizing God.
When people are around us, they should leave better off than they were previously. Rather than feeling discouraged or defeated, people should feel challenged and inspired after spending any time with you and me.
Don't grow accustomed to living with less, doing less, and being less to the point that you eventually sit back and accept it.
You're not better than anybody else, but you're not less than anybody else. You're a child of the Most High God.
In my early teens, I knew I wanted to do television production. I loved cameras, editing and producing, anything that had to do with television production. My friend had a production studio across town, and we'd go over there at night and shoot and edit. I produced my father's televised service for 17 years.
My friends and I had fun together, but I was more reserved, not at all the life of the party. I would just be the quiet one in the room.
I'm not a big believer in trying to jam stuff down somebody's throat: 'You're going to do it my way.' I'd rather show by example and live my life and have people say, 'You know what, I want to live like Joel has. He's got peace and joy, and he seems content.'
When my dad founded our church, he used either a globe or a map of the world behind him. It was symbolic of what Christ said: to go forth and preach hope to the world. We believe in the cross, but we just continued with the globe.
I think, for years, people have been pushed down by religion, and I don't say that disrespectfully, but they've been shown a God that you can't measure up to.
We live in a day that nobody's lived in before: where you can touch more people. The message I'll speak tonight and the message that I speak at home, people in India will hear. It's just an amazing day.
I do know this... I seem to reach a lot of previously unchurched people. So many people have told me they never went to church until they heard our message of hope that God is a good God who desires to bless those who are faithful and obedient to Him through Jesus Christ.
People are skeptical of many televangelists, and I'm sensitive to that.
