American,Producer
The dubbing of the music and effects is really incredible today. You're feeling gun shots. I mean, it's not the way people say it is, but the gunshot sounds real. And cars sound real. Among the many things in the evolution (of movies) is to make the sound in the movie incredible. That's what you feel.
You need the right people to kind of help make these things real.
It's just a great, legendary comic book hero and it's one that has never been kind of been brought back to life after Lynda Carter. I mean, it's a reinvention. When Tim Burton reinvented Batman after Adam West, and when Donner reinvented Superman after George Reeves, it's time to do that with Wonder Woman.
I think once every person on the planet sees 'New Moon' and there's nobody left who hasn't see it, then I think they'll be able to go see 'Ninja.'
There aren't a lot of guys like me left. But I'm a war horse. I've been through it all. And you know something about war horses? Through the sleet, through the snow, they just keep going.
I swam a little bit in high school but I wasn't a jock.
I never really was that passionate about playing sports. But when I was at this Mt. Herman school, I did have the ability to throw the frisbee. So when this sport evolved, it was fun because I was good at it.
I've made a lot of stupid action films. But when we made The Matrix, we saw that people wanted more than that.
The only problem is I can't get into PG-13 Land. I just get stuck in R rated movies, which they would love us to make PG-13 movies but I never get there. But I think that you've got to make them different. You've got to switch them up.
When I read 'Watchmen,' it changed my view of so many things. It was the first time I'd read a graphic novel really like that.
The action genre is kind of designed for a young male audience. But we found on 'The Matrix' that we hit the Valhalla of movie making, which is the four quadrant audience - the young male audience, the older male audience, the young female audience and the older female audience.
I've made a lot of stupid action films in my life but I like stupid action films and am kind of proud of them.
We found in 'The Matrix' that people were willing to accept something more. It was a smarter film.
Our responsibility as filmmakers is to make things that are fresh, unique and original.
I really was very impressed with DMX during the whole experience on 'Romeo Must Die.' I like working with him. I liked him. And I was very impressed with the reaction of the audience when he was in the picture.
If the audience sees and feels things are real, then they buy it.
You know for years before the notion of sequels, actors were the franchise. John Wayne would rarely do sequels, but he kind of played the same guy with a different name in every movie. I have no problem with using actors as franchises. And that's what is fun to do.
I want an explosion the size of Cleveland.
The core of the movie business remains intact and it's not descending in scope. Studios want movies that are bigger than ever.
When California provides the same value as other locations, I'd gladly shoot all my pictures here.
The reality is that each movie has got to be seen in its own light.
I've always wanted to make 'Swamp Thing.' I like 'Swamp Thing.' I think it's a good idea, and I thought it would be a good venue for a 3-D movie, but there were rights issues with 'Swamp Thing.'
A lot of movies were influenced by 'Logan's Run,' like 'Minority Report'. A lot of films have those elements in them.
The idea of a youth-based society that you live in for a certain time and then you no longer live anymore is an interesting idea for a movie, but you need young people that people want to go see.
I'm a guy that wants the movie to work. So whatever it takes or whatever you got to do - I'm happy to do.
Press conferences are good. I have my own philosophy about press conferences. I usually think that when they don't like the movie, they ask about other things.
