American,Author
Know you food, know your farmers, and know your kitchen.
Our motto is we respect and honour the pigness of the pig and the chickenness of the chicken. That means not confining them in a house with hundreds of others.
If a job is worth doing, it's worth doing poorly first.
I see myself today as Sitting Bull trying to bring a voice of Easternism, holism, community-based thinking to a very Western culture.
You can't have a healthy civilization without healthy soil. You can't have junk food and have healthy people.
We're scared to death to try new things because we think we have to get it right the first time.
Too often, parents whose children express an interest in farming squelch it because they envision dirt, dust, poverty, and hermit living. But great stories come out of great farming.
The shorter the chain between raw food and fork, the fresher it is and the more transparent the system is.
If we fail to appreciate the soul that Easternism gives us, then what we have is a disconnected, Greco-Roman, Western, egocentric, compartmentalized, reductionist, fragmented, linear thought process that counts on cleverness.
Outrageous behavior, also known as the lunatic fringe, is the seed bed of innovation and creativity.
I want people to think through issues. I'm just tired of blind alignment.
Our culture doesn't ask about preserving the essence of pig; it just asks how can we grow them faster, fatter, bigger, and cheaper. We know that's not a noble goal.
What we're looking at is God's design, nature's template, and using that as a pattern to cut around and lay it down on a domestic model to duplicate that pattern that we see in nature.
Our biggest fear is that 'Food, Inc.' will move heavy-handed food-safety regulations forward.
The cycle of life is death, decomposition and regeneration, and a person who wants to stop killing animals is actually anti-life because it's only in death that life can be regenerated.
There's a short chain between field and fork, and the shorter that chain is - the fresher, the more transparent that system is - the less chance there is of anything from bio-terrorism to pathogenicity to spoilage.
Frankly, any city person who doesn't think I deserve a white-collar salary as a farmer doesn't deserve my special food.
My imperative is to seek every moment and to live so God is in control.
We will never sell or have an IPO. What that does is suddenly flushes you with cash. It makes you now work for a group of stockholders, who, again, put pressure and temptations on your true-blueness.
The linear, single species idea of farming is an assault on ecological function. Something's going to break down in that system - anything from soil structure, in economics... but where to start is with true ecological function.
You know, in our culture today, our Western, reductionist, Roman, linear, fragmented... culture, we don't ask how to make a pig happy. We ask how to grow it faster, fatter, bigger, cheaper, and that's not a noble goal.
We believe that the farm should be building 'forgiveness' into the ecosystem. What does that mean? That a more forgiving ecosystem is one that can better handle drought, flood, disease, pestilence.
An orchard can grow pastured poultry underneath. A beef cattle or sheep farm can run pastured poultry behind the herbivores, like the egret on the rhino's nose.
Land degradation did not start with chemical agriculture. But chemical agriculture offered new tools for annihilation.
Ecology should be object lessons that the world sees, that explains in a visceral, physical way, the attributes of God.
From zoning to labor to food safety to insurance, local food systems daily face a phalanx of regulatory hurdles designed and implemented to police industrial food models but which prejudicially wipe out the antidote: appropriate scaled local food systems.
There's a big difference between industrializing production of tractors and industrializing production of food. We like technology, but we really like technology that allows us to do better what nature does itself.
I didn't really see a way to make a living on the farm. I always loved writing. I was the guy who won the D.A.R. essay contest and things like that, and it was the era of Watergate, and I decided I would be the next Woodward and Bernstein, and then retire to the farm.
I always said if I could figure out a way to grow Kleenex and toilet paper on trees, we could pull the plug on society.
We would be a much healthier culture if the government had never told us how to eat.
Know you food, know your farmers, and know your kitchen. Start building up your larder! We don't even use that term any more.
God doesn't just miraculously and physically intervene in the whole process, so if I just go and drop a bunch of chemicals and herbicides that leach into the groundwater, I can pray all day to keep my child healthy, but if the herbicides gone into the groundwater come up my well, my child's going to drink that water.
We only want autonomous collaborators that are incentivized to make or break their own income.
No civilization on the brink of collapse has ever changed fast enough to avert collapse.
We can't begin to feed ourselves with a local-centric system if we lock up land in royal manor models.
The truth is, everything is eating and being eaten.
New Zealand has incredible global recognition for grass-fed livestock.
Instead of buying into the global agenda, which is using food as just industrial stuff, we would say we view food as biological, a living thing, that belongs in smaller communities.
Industrial agriculture, because it depends on standardization, has bombarded us with the message that all pork is pork, all chicken is chicken, eggs eggs, even though we all know that can't really be true.
The pig is not just pork chops and bacon and ham to us. The pig is a co-laborer in this great land-healing ministry.
Nature moves towards balance.
That's the joke about confinement pigs: they taste like whatever sauce you cook them with.
Think of all the mesquite in Texas, the pinyon pines, the acorns in Appalachia, every place has the possibility of mass production. It's an infrastructural system so nestled in ecology, it's a more beautiful ecology.
We move the cows every day to a new spot which allows the grass time to recuperate and go through its what I call 'the teenage growth spurt.'
We've got this cultural mentality that you've got to be an idiot to be a farmer.
It really disturbs me that the environmental movement has been co-opted by creation-worshippers instead of being encouraged by the Creator-worshippers.
I am libertarian, and Americans generally are, more than, say, Canadians and Australians.
Choose to patronise your local farmers; as eaters, you need to demand a different type of food. Appreciate the pigginess of the pig.
The farmers are older; they are under financial stress to produce more margins, yet they keep getting less.
We can produce more per acre on a fifth of the fuel as the industrial food system.
I don't have money. Monsanto has money.
A pig has a plow on the end of its nose because it does meaningful work with it. It is built to dig and create soil disturbance, something it can't do in a concentrated feeding environment. The omnivore has historically been a salvage operation for food scraps around the homestead.
I would suggest that if you get in your kitchen and cook for yourself, you can eat like kings for a very low cost.
I'm incredibly optimistic about what individuals can do. We have technology that our grandparents would have given their eye teeth for.
