American,Director
Sunday, for me, is all about being home with the family with no plans.
I worry about kids today not having time to build a tree house or ride a bike or go fishing. I worry that life is getting faster and faster.
If you're sitting in your minivan, playing your computer animated films for your children in the back seat, is it the animation that's entertaining you as you drive and listen? No, it's the storytelling. That's why we put so much importance on story. No amount of great animation will save a bad story.
Toys are put on this Earth to be played with by a child.
People want to be creatively satisfied, and having fun is such an important part of that.
Computers don't create computer animation any more than a pencil creates pencil animation. What creates computer animation is the artist.
I've got Disney blood running through my veins.
People who get into animation tend to be kids. We don't have to grow up. But also, animators are great observers, and there's this childlike wonder and interest in the world, the observation of little things that happen in life.
When you go into the theatre and the lights dim, you want to entertain people from beginning to end. You want them to be swept up in your story, on the edge of their seats, unable to wait to see what happens next, be blown away and afterwards just go, 'Wow!'
When you set out to really entertain adults as well as kids, your audience is basically anybody who is breathing.
My brother liked sewing and sculpting and making things, and my sister sewed and painted and cooked and baked. She's a professional baker now and makes the most gorgeous sculpture-like cakes. She's the queen of wedding cakes in the Lake Tahoe area.
Animation is the one type of movie that really does play for the entire audience. Our challenge is to make stories that connect for kids and adults.
'Cars' was about Lightning McQueen learning to slow down and to enjoy life. The journey is the reward.
What I love about Goofy is the flesh on his cheeks. You can almost feel it.
Everything I do and everything Pixar does is based on a simple rule: Quality is the best business plan, period.
I'm a big fan of pantomime storytelling, being an animator.
The greatest bad guys, you understand where they're coming from. They believe they're doing the right thing. Sometimes it's for greed, sometimes it's for other reasons, but they are what they call the center of good. They always believe they're doing the right thing.
The interstate highway system was built to get people from point A to point B as fast as possible. And they knocked down mountains and filled valleys and made everything nice and big and flat, and they bypassed every town.
I have motor oil running through my veins.
I believe in research you cannot do enough research; believability comes out of what's real.
I love the Sonoma wine community. It's like Pixar - nothing competitive, only supportive. They're always rooting for you.
Pixar's short films convinced Disney that if the company could produce memorable characters within five minutes, then the confidence was there in creating a feature film with those abilities in story and character development.
Every single Pixar film, at one time or another, has been the worst movie ever put on film. But we know. We trust our process. We don't get scared and say, 'Oh, no, this film isn't working.'
True play is creativity.
The magic of Disneyland, walking through the tunnel underneath the train station to Main Street, it just transports you to other places and other times.
I quickly realized that this medium had a lot to offer someone like me. To do Disney-quality hand-drawn cartoons, you have to be a master of two art forms. Seriously, you have to be able to draw like a Leonardo da Vinci or a Michelangelo. But also you have to know movement and timing and control that through 24 frames a second.
We make the kind of movies we like to watch. I love to laugh. I love to be amazed by how beautiful it is. But I also love to be moved to tears. There's lots of heart in our films.
I do what I do because of Walt Disney - his films and his theme park and his characters and his joy in entertaining.
Soon I learned that the worse the puns and jokes, the funnier they could be, if you knew how to deliver them.
Walt Disney had always tried to get more dimension in his animation and when I saw these tapes, I thought, This is it! This is what Walt was waiting for! But when I looked around, nobody at the studio at the time was even halfway interested in it.
I believe in the nobility of entertaining people and I take great, great pride that people are willing to give me two or three hours of their busy lives.
I am, by nature, an honest person. I wear my emotions on my sleeve. There is no 'behind closed doors' with me.
It's the nature of Hollywood that there are the people in power and the people who tell them what they want them to hear.
When I look at the success I have, it's because of my creative-thinking skills.
Look at the films of Walt Disney: 'Snow White' came out in February 1938, and I can't think of another film from that year that's watched as much. The same is true of 'Bambi,' 'Dumbo'... even, frankly, 'Toy Story,' which is probably watched more than any other movie of 1995.
Walt Disney always said, 'For every laugh, there should be a tear.' I believe in that.
My mother was a high school arts teacher, so I was always surrounded by the arts.
One of the big moments of my life was watching 'Star Wars' on its opening weekend in Hollywood. I was watching all these people enjoy this film, and I thought: animation can do this.
With science, there is this culture of experimentation, and most of the time, those experiments fail.
Growing up, my favorite TV show was 'The Man From U.N.C.L.E.', hands down.
I can't tell you, as a parent, how it feels when the doctor tells you your child has diabetes. First off, you don't really know much about it. Then you discover there is no cure.
I believe once you watch a Miyazaki film, you'll get hooked.
I've always been thinking in three dimensions, ever since I started working with computer animation in the early '80s.
We work very hard in all of the Pixar films to not make anything in the imagery that causes people to think of something other than the story.
'Finding Nemo' was originally shot in 3D.
At Pixar, good ideas may be cut from a film, but they are never forgotten.
'Cars' is simply near and dear to my heart.
I loved animation and cartoons, even when it was not cool when you were in high school. I raced home to see the Bugs Bunny cartoons.
I don't believe that an animation studio should be an executive-driven studio.
When you take something that's inert, and through motion, give it life, make it appear to be alive, living, breathing thinking and having emotions, that's animation. But when you take something that's live-action, and move a part of it, that's a special effect.
Of all bugs, growing up I just loved the pill bugs. They roll up, you play with them, you wait for them to open up, and then when you touch them they roll up again. I just love that.
I laugh very hard at work every day.
You know, going to the movies has always been recession-proof. It's fairly cheap entertainment; it's classic escapism.
Winnie the Pooh and his friends from the Hundred Acre Wood are among the most entertaining and beloved characters ever animated by Disney.
I am so proud that 'Up' is Pixar's 10th film. I think it's the funniest film that we've ever made and also one of the most beautiful.
Take any movie with an actor you like. Turn your head and just listen to the performance. In some cases, the physical presence remains as strong when you can't see the actor, when it's just the voice.
I always laugh at these companies that have these rules saying, 'You're only allowed to have this or that on your desk.' It's no fun to work at a place like that.
Today, among little girls especially, princesses and the romanticised ideal they represent - finding the man of your dreams - have a limited shelf life.
I'm a car nut. My father was a parts manager at a Chevrolet dealership.
I love bringing the inanimate object to life.
I was mentored by great Disney animators at the end of their careers.
'Bolt' was made by Walt Disney Animation Studios, not by Pixar.
At Pixar, 'Wall-E' was our ninth film, and they've all been successes - more than that, they've all really touched people. Everybody wonders, 'How do you do it?' Well, how do you not do it? You just work hard.
In an animated film you can do whatever you want, but that doesn't mean you should do everything you want.
I'm a big Disneyland nut.
Car love is the sound of a throaty V-8 rumbling and revving, the acceleration throwing you back in the seat - especially when you get on a beautiful, winding road and the light's dappling through the trees.
In computer animation, every detail has to be thought out, designed, modeled, shaded, placed and lit. The more you add, the more computer memory you need.
Of all studios that should be doing 2-D animation, it should be Disney.
If you think something's stupid, it probably is.
I try to make pictures I would want to see.
The only thing Steve Jobs has ever asked me in all the years we've been together and have been partners, the only thing he has ever asked me is: 'Make it great.'
My father pulled into Pearl Harbor four days after the bombing, and he said, everything was still burning. He said they never told the public how bad it was. It was really bad.
I would get so into playing as a kid that I'd lose track of time.
I don't really think of myself as a businessman at all. That's why I have the 'chief creative officer' role.
A good part of my leadership skills is crafted from learning from experiences early in my career that were not positive experiences.
I've often heard people say that managing creative people is the hardest thing in the world. 'They're never happy, they drive up the cost of things, blah blah blah.' I just manage people the way I always wanted to be managed. That is, to be creatively challenged, but never to be told what to do.
Every technology that comes into filmmaking is first a gimmick. Think about sound with 'The Jazz Singer' or the first colour or surround sound - it takes a while for filmmakers to understand how to use it.
I love Japan. I love the collision of the modern and ancient worlds coming together in that place. It's so high-tech and cool.
'Cars 2' is about a character learning to be himself. There's times in our lives where people always say, 'Well, you've gotta act differently. You should always be yourself.' That's the emotional core of the story.
I never quite understood why Disney hadn't made a sincere fairy tale since 'Beauty and the Beast.'
Nobody pays attention to the way a person's shirt folds around his shoulder when they sit down, but if that shirt folded in an unusual way, you'd notice it.
When I started work with LucasArts Computer Division back in 1984, I went to the Palace of Fine Arts and saw the Festival of Animation for the first time. I loved the diverse collection of animated films the festival held.
For me, personally, I will always do G-rated films, which the world needs more of.
Pixar has been compared to fine furniture makers who polish the backs of drawers - even if you don't see everything in a particular scene, you still feel that every little detail has been met.
Rotten Tomatoes is such a great website, in that it has one foot in the Internet world and one foot in the cinema world, and it keeps its grounding between them just perfectly.
The Walt Disney Animation studio is the studio that Walt Disney started himself in 1923, and it's never stopped and never closed its doors and never stopped making animation, and it keeps going as kind of the heart and soul of the company.
When I was a freshman in high school, I read a book about the making of Disney's 'Sleeping Beauty' called 'The Art of Animation.' It was this weird revelation for me, because I hadn't considered that people actually get paid to make cartoons.
When Walt Disney was making his films, he trusted his instincts and made films for himself, but they appealed to everybody, not just kids.
At Pixar, we've been huge fans of any new technology that makes the viewer experience of our movies better. Blu-ray is the best yet because the picture quality, especially for our movies, is unbelievable.
At Pixar, after every movie we have postmortum meetings where we discuss what worked and what didn't work.
If you've seen 'Spirited Away', 'Spirited Away' is set in a very, very Japanese sensibility. And so, to Japanese audiences, when Sen would walk up, the main character, and look at this big building with a flag on it with Japanese writing on it, everyone in Japan would know what that is.
To me, I would much rather be part of a healthy industry than being the only player in a dead industry.
The hardest thing to get is true emotion. I always believe you need to earn that with the audience. You can't just tell them, 'Ok, be sad now.'
I think the best movie ever made was 'Dumbo.'
'Bambi' is an amazing film, and when you watch it today, it's just as beautiful. It's timeless. It's just as beautiful today as it was back then.
I was born in 1957, so when I was a kid, there wasn't anything called a video game. When 'Pong' came out, it was awesome.
I think that as I had children, I have five sons, and they got into video games and were the prime ages through the development of video games. It was so much fun seeing them play the games and seeing it through their eyes.
I think 'Disney Infinity' is exciting. It's hard to even call it a video game, because it's so different. What excites me about this is how it's going to put more and more of what happens in the game into the hands of the user; it's up to them. You can play it to where everything's laid out for you.
As a filmmaker, I'm very collaborative. I don't pretend to know everything that is needed to make a movie. What I like to do is get together with a group of people, starting with developing the story and bounce around ideas.
There was a period of time when they estimated the two biggest stars in Hollywood were Charlie Chaplin and Mickey Mouse.
When you really study espionage movies, or spy movies, the beginnings are really set up to have, like, an amazing bit of action, but at the moment you're watching it, you have no idea why or what it's about.
The specific influences on villains to me is, I love the villains who are really hyper-smart. When at the end of the movie you find out what they were about, and it makes absolutely perfect sense from their point of view.
In overseeing both Disney and Pixar Animation, each studio has a unique culture.
I love the work of Hayao Miyazaki. 'My Neighbor Totoro' and 'Castle in the Sky' are two of the great films that he's made that I just love.
Every young person gets so excited about new software packages and new technology.
I love French auto design of the early '50s, '60s, early '70s of Citorens, Renaults, and Peugeots. They're so unique.
Every Pixar film, when we start developing the story, it takes about four years to make one of our films.
Pixar films are not realistic. They are believable for the worlds we are creating.
Probably more than any other movie we've made here at Pixar, 'Up' was the one we were the most nervous about.
I believe in research. Each movie at Pixar involves research with college professors or taking trips to learn as much as we can about a particular subject matter.
Fortunately for me, I'm married to an amazing woman - Nancy Lasseter - who is wise enough not to let me buy every car I want. If I was single, I would be living in a very small apartment and renting a warehouse full of cool cars.
'Cars' is a really personal story for me because, first of all, I grew up in Los Angeles - the car crazy capital.
We use shorts at the studio extensively to develop talent. I always love to give opportunities for young story people, animators, layout people something like that to take the next step up in their career and try things out.
I believe that, by directing, it makes me a better executive as well.
When you're a director, you really live whatever you do.
Steve Jobs is like a brother to me and he's one of the founders of Pixar, and when the first iPad came out, I got one right away.
The iPad changed my life!
I've noticed with my own kids, it seems like they have so much more homework than I did.
When you can have a character that the audience likes from the beginning, but then you put them in a situation where they grow - I think that gives it a lot of heart.
