American,Politician
We owe our law enforcement officers the highest respect.
I see a bright, bright future for the Republican Party and conservatism in general.
While we must condemn any misuse of their authority, let's not forget that, by far, police are fulfilling their duty to protect and serve.
As a congressman, why should I be forced to peruse cable stations and blog sites for information on the discussions and then be asked to vote for the deal when I have no input and no time to know even what's in it?
Here's the question for my fellow Republicans: Do we want to be the first-ever GOP House majority to raise federal marginal income tax rates?
We think our leadership has been too timid to go after corruption, and often times, they bow to the liberal progressive demands of the White House instead of standing up for our values.
If we're going to change leadership, we need to do it in a very systematic and organized way.
I think among different members there had been concerns that the RSC had grown so large, and it had many members who really didn't have that conservative voting records, which really is a testimony to what a positive brand conservatism is.
It's possible that in the future, women could be drafted not only into the military... but actually drafted into combat. I'm very uncomfortable with that.
I think always, when you have a candidate promising free stuff, and another promising less stuff or nothing, the one who promises more is always going to have the advantage.
In a tripartite government with its checks and balances, we have lost the balances.
It's all about secular unionism, the advancement of atheism, which they even tried to create in this law - Democrats did - an atheistic chaplaincy.
Seeking justice is always our goal, but we see many too willing to circumvent that.
Class warfare has never created a job.
In this country, most people feel that being successful in their business is a virtue, not a vice, and once we begin to identify it as a vice, this country is going down.
By the time I feed my family, I have maybe $400,000 left over.
President Obama is more and more beginning to look like the hypocrite-in-chief when it comes to the war on terrorism. All sorts of things that he criticized the president for, he's actually continued and even extended. This drone attack program, he's got it at the highest level ever.
I'm a public servant. And I work for the American people.
We have an unprecedented number of primary care doctors who are opting out of Medicare.
I was elected to represent my district, not to predict the future.
I don't think we should run government based on economists' predictions.
We all say that we want to repeal Obamacare, and we would all love a clean, full repeal. But the truth is, sometimes it's kind of like making sausage. You have to do it one step at a time. You've got to approach it from the standpoint that you make substantial gains today, and then the next opportunity, you make more.
Now that we have the Senate and the House fully controlled by Republicans, we need to be working together.
That's how you win these battles over long periods of time. You continue to fight. You continue to bring it up. You continue to message it to your constituents and to America in general.
I'm concerned that Speaker Boehner is getting ahead of House Republicans when he commits to getting a 'comprehensive approach' to immigration taken care of 'once and for all.'
The first thing we need is for President Obama to finally enforce current immigration law and strengthen our borders. To take up any other agenda is bad policy for the American people and bad politics for Republicans.
If members of Congress believe so strongly that government-run health care is the best solution for hard working American families, I think it only fitting that Americans see them lead the way.
Public servants should always be accountable and responsible for what they are advocating, and I challenge the American people to demand this from their representatives.
For nearly a century, Republican-controlled Houses held the line on tax rates, a Republican coup de pointe to Democratic tax-increase parries.
We know that terrorism is going to happen in the future, and we need to be prepared for it.
The people who come across the border are hard-working family people. They have great values, and that's all well and good but they are also very, very consistent Democrat voters.
Republicans must stop putting tax increases on the fiscal cliff negotiating table and start demanding that Democrats put forth serious proposals to reduce spending.
It is foolish for Republicans to continue opening the door to job-killing tax hikes while Democrats refuse to explain how they propose to reform mandatory spending - mostly entitlements - that makes up almost two-thirds of the federal budget.
I've heard enough of Democrats claiming a balanced approach.
There is no ground on which House Republican leaders should compromise until Democrats are finally ready to give up their spending addiction.
The truth is that the banks that are really hurting under Dodd-Frank, really getting no relief, are the community banks.
Most Americans do not support amnesty, especially without securing the borders.
I'm grateful for the many Louisianans who have urged me to challenge Senator Landrieu in 2014.
The use of threats and intimidation to force energy companies to submit to an extremist agenda may be fitting under a totalitarian regime, but it is never acceptable in the United States.
Whenever there's a bad law, it can be repealed or nullified.
The liberal social experiment with our military continues. A same-sex marriage-like ceremony should not have occurred at Fort Polk, especially since the people of Louisiana have made it abundantly clear that our state does not recognize same-sex marriages or civil unions.
I saw people, and I can't name them of course, that maybe were skeptical at first that were really sold on Donald Trump.
Our constituents rightly hold us accountable for results.
We are either going to go down the socialist road and become like Western Europe and create, I guess really a godless society, an atheist society. Or we're going to continue down the other pathway, where we believe in freedom of speech, individual liberties, and that we remain a Christian nation.
We need to restore the Bush tax cuts or actually make them permanent.
We need to cut the capital gains tax; we need to take regulations off the backs of business and allow banks to once again lend.
We've got to change the way we do things.
Washington faces many challenges these days, and today's United States Senate needs more trusted conservatives going there to make decisions and choices that put the people first and not the business-as-usual crowd.
Louisiana wants a leader that will take their values to D.C. and will fight for them without wavering.
Many of us have questions about what Trump's positions really are. We want to make sure we are on board with each other.
Don't take risk, and don't get into debt.
Louisiana's a very conservative state. When we've ever polled this, we've found that they like conservative reforms. They want us to fight back against our leadership and Democrats, so it's very consistent.
The Freedom Caucus is very popular in my state.
I introduced H.Res 430, a congressional resolution calling upon the president to declare a National Day of Prayer for Law Enforcement.
In terms of Republicans, we have got to get to our cohorts in the Republican Party to get them to understand if we are going to get this country to its traditional values... we're going to have to control our borders and manage this huge change in our culture that's occurring.
At any time, somebody can blow themselves up and take Americans with them. They can blow up an airplane; they can crash an airplane. That's something we have to worry about every day - we spend 40 billion dollars yearly on homeland security. That has nothing to do with Crusades or any of that other nonsense.
I think that we need, you know, Sen. Vitter is quite conservative, and I think we need to replace a good strong conservative with another conservative.
It's very clear that Louisiana is gonna be voting for Republicans for statewide elections going forward because that's just where we are as a state.
There is a profiteer when it comes to oil. 36 to 63 cents per gallon is swept off the top. And who profits from that? The government profits from it. And what does the government do with much of that money? It puts it into so-called 'alternative energy,' with so-called phony 'green jobs' that we're yet to see being produced.
Most small businesses in this country today are taxed at the individual level as Corporation LLC. So whatever is cut out of those earnings is money taken out of capital for reinvestment for creating more jobs and opening up more locations.
What happens is, in my own case - my own LLCs - the income flows to my personal tax return, whatever is left over after taxes are paid, I feed my family on the one hand, and on the other hand, I reinvest in my business.
America is much better than the leadership we have in Washington.
We have too many in Washington who are all too willing to just go along with the status quo and not make any waves.
The most effective thing we can do is to limit spending.
We've got our own power - the power of the purse.
In my view, Obamacare is the most existential threat to our economy than anything we've ever had since the Great Depression, so I think a little bit of additional deficit is nothing compared to delaying if not repealing Obamacare.
