American,Novelist
Things fall apart and happen out of stupidity and carelessness.
If you actually hang out in the countryside, which I did, it's actually quite peaceful.
I've always had a fascination with the technical and small-scale aspects of life - the national media seem to have more interest in the sweeping political views.
If readers tell you that stretches of dialogue or narrative were too long, that they couldn't tell who was talking, that's something that can be fixed.
When you're building a character, or at least when I'm building a character, you start saying, 'How am I going to make people like him?'
Just go outside and look at something and write it down and you'll find it is a very nice piece of writing.
Most people who are trying to write kind of sit in their basements and pull it out of their imaginations.
I've always been sort of interested in the rural countryside. Things happen out there that are very strange to city dwellers.
Most people like a little sex in their novels.
They don't have a lot of crime in the countryside other than theft. But every once in a while, things turn ugly, and when they turn ugly, they turn very ugly.
Well, I am becoming doddering and old but I have - I'm writing two books a year now. It's like 220,000 words or something like finished, and, honest to God, I can't do that. I really do need the help of, you know, other people working with me.
There's something about marriage that is not as intensely romantic or interesting as a couple's first meeting.
These characters are not spontaneous creations. They are engineered down to the last nut and bolt.
With most of my books, I'll actually go out and look at the setting. If you describe things carefully, it kind of makes the scene pop.
You have the feeling that if you get a Pulitzer, you're somehow set for life.
If you do outline, you have to be aware of the problems that that kind of thing can cause.
Books set in Brooklyn and L.A. are often about people who are rootless, who want to go somewhere else. In the Midwest, though, the stories are about people who want to stay where they are - who like where they are.
People in California don't live in a place so much as they do a condition.
I have a problem with the way the media deals with a lot of law enforcement issues.
When I was reporting crime... I never had the sense of clockwork conspiracies or some kind of imposing order of evil. What I sensed was things just sort of falling apart.
That's my sense of how crime works: that it's not any kind of calculated evil driven by the devil, but just control disintegrating.
Women just make interesting characters, especially when you're working against cliches.
The difference is this: If you write a good book, it'll get published. If you have a great screenplay, there is no guarantee.
I spend a lot of time wandering around the countryside just looking at people, seeing how everything fits together.
A lot of journalists are talented enough to write a mystery novel, and I would say that most of the top-end mystery writers actually started out as reporters. But there is more to it than just the writing; there's a learning process, and most journalists aren't willing to do it.
I'm just trying to normalize my life and get ready for the last 20 years or whatever I've got. It's a lot to take care of.
