American,Actor
Take care, be kind, be considerate of other people and other species, and be loving.
Look at the darkest hit musicals - Cabaret, West Side Story, Carousel - they are exuberant experiences. They send you out of the theater filled with music.
For me, working on stage is much more exhausting than all the other mediums, but it's also much more thrilling.
What you aspire to on a sitcom is the feeling of live comedy.
Everybody's a dreamer.
Time sneaks up on you like a windshield on a bug.
Academics tend to have wonderfully infantile senses of humor.
I find I have to walk a little faster in public these days, but it's very easy to remember when nobody had any idea who I was.
I never get tired of hearing compliments.
Up there with my awards, I have a great big statue of Groucho Marx, just to put everything in perspective.
In animation, there's this exhilarating moment of discovery when you see the film and you say, Oh THAT'S what I was doing.
I'm very concerned for the future of the earth and its amazing creatures. We've got to be careful and make sure we don't foul our own nest.
I have a lot of faith in people.
There's nothing like spending an evening with an audience every night.
I'd sleep under a Vermeer.
Shakespeare is like mother's milk to me.
I was in 20 Shakespearean plays by the time I was 20.
I'm a fun father, but not a good father. The hard decisions always went to my wife.
If you read in front of your kids, it's very likely that they'll become readers, too.
I gave up shame a long time ago.
I keep looking for things I haven't done yet.
I'm a con artist in that I'm an actor. I make people believe something is real when they know perfectly well it isn't.
When you end a successful sitcom, the most sensible thing to do is go back to the theater.
I consider myself a very lucky actor that, approaching 60, I'm still employed and employable.
It's a very tough time for the playwright. Broadway has become almost a musical comedy theme park with all these long-running shows.
The Broadway audience is made up of a greater percentage of tourists now. There's not nearly as much variety and danger and challenge in what's being offered.
