American,Musician
Our newest member is Johnny Colt, who was bass player with The Black Crowes. Colt fits right in with us. He's loony as heck, and so are we. We have a great time and love doing what we do. I hope Johnny is with us for a long, long time. He is quite the guy.
When you're dealing with a big amount of money, you should have your own accountant and your own lawyer.
Every redneck's dream is to write a song and have it go on a fishing show.
I just love going out and playing my brother's songs.
We have doctors and lawyers and CEOs as fans.
My dad was a truck driver, and from the time I was knee high to a grapevine, I was driving a truck.
I don't think you can erase history.
My dad was a truck driver. We all used to ride along with him. And the way he'd keep awake was to sing while he was going down the road. So we all joined in.
When we were kids, we said the Pledge of Allegiance because we were proud of this country, and we said prayer. You know, we thanked the good Lord above.
We have a lot of friends who are hunters. And you know what? Come hunting season, man, they head to the woods, you know. And again, this country was built on God and guns, folks. I mean, it really was.
If nothing else, we grew up loving the old blues artists and Ray Charles.
The fans have always been there for us, and they've realized when we were going through a hard time.
The last thing we want to do is disappoint the fans.
They're great songs. How many bands wouldn't like to have a 'Freebird' or 'Sweet Home Alabama' to play every night?
Skynyrd's not just a band; I think it's a lifestyle. It's iconic.
That's your end goal anyway, is to make the fans happy.
Everybody in Lynyrd Skynyrd loves different styles of music, and our minds are very open when it comes to writing our songs and making the band true to what the band is, but also stepping out and doing something current.
Two of my favorite bands, Blackberry Smoke and Black Stone Cherry, I just think both of those bands are a good new progressive kind of Southern Rock that's a little different than us but still has a rootsy thing going on.
Johnny Colt is a character, and most people in Lynyrd Skynyrd are characters, so he fits in great with us. He's got an attitude, man, and I love it, and that's what we need.
We've done shows with Tim McGraw, Hank Williams Jr., Montgomery Gentry, Shooter Jennings.
I didn't know if Skynyrd fans were going to throw rocks at me or eggs or what.
This is America, and everybody should have a right to say what they want to say. But I think there's a time and a place for it.
You don't go to some other country and bash our president.
Music is a great healer.
I saw B.B. King in concert one time where he had this guy that would bring him out a glass of water and towel to wipe his forehead with.
I was a Skynyrd fan all along. But I was also the brother of the lead singer who passed on. I just didn't want to do anything that would harm the band's name.
As Christians, it's our duty to stand up for what we believe - that's called testifying.
So many artists try to be something that they're not.
Hank Junior fans are Skynyrd fans.
When we are out on the road, running up and down the road playing shows, you have to be not only a member of a band but, especially with Lynyrd Skynyrd, you have to be a part of the Skynyrd nation. You have to be a part of the family.
I think country music is Lynyrd Skynyrd. I think a lot of the country music is what we do, but I don't think rock & roll is dead at all.
If rock & roll is dead and gone, man, I am missing out on it.
Who knows what the heck the future will bring.
We've got to take some drastic steps in this country. We can't keep spending and spending.
Rich people know how to party, too.
If you're going into music, work on your music and do it as well as you can. And look at it as a business. I'm in it to make a living, too.
When you set a goal for yourself, you do what you need to.
A lot of groups get dirty deals. They work hard and have to get a job after their career is over.
If people can't relate to something, there's no use of the song being there.
I always try to relate a song to something what is going on, the working man, the times, how life goes.
Some of the songs on the radio are really outrageous. I listen to the lyric. If the lyric doesn't make sense, I don't like the song.
Don't sign your publishing away.
You have people ask us how you get through all the stuff that Skynyrd's been through, and I think it's the music; it really is.
I've never met a person who doesn't like music, and we may vary in what styles we like, but everybody likes some form of music.
Rock & roll has kept us alive for all these years. But we just love country music. It's in our blood.
I think, hey, everybody has a right to change their mind.
Nothing was easy for us coming up. But we were rich in family.
We didn't grow up rich people.
I think it's just that Skynyrd songs are timeless.
'Free Bird' is timeless, 'Sweet Home' is timeless. They're just timeless songs.
I think people relate to Skynyrd; it's a working class band. They're just songs with messages. To this day, there's never been a song written that didn't have a message.
If it wasn't for Al Kooper, there might not be a Lynyrd Skynyrd. He's the one who found us at Pinocchio's in Atlanta, Georgia, and signed us to Sounds Of The South through MCA, brought the band to attention.
We always pay tribute to what the old Lynyrd Skynyrd has done - I'm very proud of that.
Not every song of Lynyrd Skynyrd's was a single, but songs like 'Tuesday's Gone' and 'The Ballad of Curtis Loew' and 'Made in the Shade,' 'I Need You,' people learned those songs from the radio because radio played albums, not just singles.
My favorite singers in the world have been black singers, and you can go to any church and hear the best singers in the world - and I'm a singer, and I love singing!
David Allan Coe actually went to jail one time. Some fan cursed Lynyrd Skynyrd, and David Allan Coe kicked his teeth in. He ran and kicked a guy's teeth in for saying something about Lynyrd Skynyrd.
We have a song called 'Skynyrd Nation.' It's just about what our fans are, what they do in getting ready for the show.
John 5 - he's weird. He's a freak. I'm just kidding. He's a great guy.
There's nothing like getting out there playing a great show with Skynyrd and seeing people love this music.
Look at Montgomery Gentry. If those boys came out in the '70s, they'd be Southern rock.
Look at Gretchen Wilson. If she came out in the '70s she'd be the queen of Southern rock.
I'm a Republican myself, though I think there are actually some Democrats in Lynyrd Skynyrd.
I like George W. At a time when this country was hit hard, he stood up for America. He's been the leader of the free world during the hardest time America's ever had.
My father was a Democrat.
I'm always going to keep my eyes open.
Some people would do anything just to get a break; that's where the bad guys get you.
I'd rather sit in Jacksonville and do a different kind of work than get messed over.
It's all these young country bucks doing Skynyrd songs, which is pretty cool to us.
Lynyrd Skynyrd has always been about writing songs and talking to people through them. That's what we do, and that's what we'll keep doing for as long as we can.
Whatever people want to say, we go out there every night, and we give tribute to the songs that my brother wrote, to Ronnie and Allen Collins and Steve Gaines and Leon Wilkeson and everybody. We pay tribute every night to those people who have gone on.
We have fans that come up all the time and say, 'This song helped me through this tough time in my life' or whatever. The music helps us through it, too.
On our Web site, we have people complaining about us not playing new stuff. But there's so many classic Lynyrd Skynyrd songs, you can't go out and just do a bunch of new things.
I was a Skynyrd fan before I was approached to be a part of Skynyrd, and they always ended it with 'Free Bird,' so I've been watching it since I was a kid.
Most of our fans are the hardworking people of the world. They are the people who have made this country great.
