American,Musician
The blues tells a story. Every line of the blues has a meaning.
My style is all to myself.
I have heartaches, I have blues. No matter what you got, the blues is there. 'Cause that's all I know - the blues. And I can sing the blues so deep until you can have this room full of money and I can give you the blues.
I am a happy man. I've had a good life.
I do benefits. I do them all the time. There's so many people out there that needs help that I can't say I won't help them.
I don't think about time. You're here when you're here. I think about today, staying in tune.
They wasn't gonna give you nothin'. I didn't care as long as they let me play my music. Cash on the spot... You cheat me and I'm gonna get me some money, too.
Like you and your woman ain't gettin' along and you're in love. You can't sleep at nights. Your mind is on her - on whatever. You know, that's the blues. You can't hug that money at night. You can't kiss it.
It don't take me no three days to record no album.
I remember back in Detroit, I used to go to the Apex Bar every night after I got off work. The bartender there used to call me Boom Boom. I don't know why, but he did.
I don't play a lot of fancy guitar. I don't want to play it. The kind of guitar I want to play is mean, mean licks.
I've got enough money to live me two lifetimes so I don't have to do nothing I don't want to.
Since you knew they was goin' to cheat you anyway, I recorded under any name with all of 'em.
I want to play music when I want, write a song if I want or watch a baseball game if I want.
I don't do nothing I don't want to do.
You can go to Europe, and there's no turnin' back - any parts of Europe. Wherever you are, there is no stop and go for the blues. The blues go but it don't stop.
The way Will Moore taught me, and the way I play it, the blues is just something different.
The one thing the blues don't get is the backing and pushing of TV and radio like a lot of this garbage you hears. They choke stuff down people's throat so they got no choice but to listen to it.
Oh, I still like to play and I still play when I want to.
In my career, people in the record business have been rockin' in the same ol' boat. They all crooks - I'll say it clear and loud - especially the big ones.
If they played more blues, people would just get it - they try to hold it back but just about can't hold it back now because the blues is really going.
I went on to Cincinnati. I had got a taste of the big cities and them bright lights. I stayed there until I was about 18 or 19 and then I went on to Detroit.
I like the small clubs.
I like dropping into a small club and playing with some people, trying to help them get a start.
I just get an idea and then all of a sudden I've got a song.
I hitchhiked, took trucks 'n' trains - anything that would pick me up. I stopped in Memphis for about six months and they found me and come got me. Stayed about a month an' split again.
