American,Politician
I'm a child of immigrants. That is the history of this country. Immigration is good and important for our country. Legal immigration needs to really be modernized.
As a doctor who took care of patients for 25 years, I saw the problems with America's health care system every day.
I have to tell you as a doctor, 25 years of practice, not as a politician using talking points, as somebody who has taken care of Medicare patients, we can make it a lot better.
As a physician and a U.S. senator, I have warned since the very beginning about many troubling aspects of Mr. Obama's unprecedented health-insurance mandate. Not only does he believe he can order you to buy insurance, the president also incorrectly equates health insurance coverage with medical care.
Carrying a concealed weapon is a sign of self-defense, self-protection, and I think it lowers crime.
A culture of intimidation has no justification in any administration.
When it comes to international trade, the question is, who is going to write the rules, the United States or China? And my vote is the United States.
Instead of giving preference to oil imported from overseas, Washington should look to North American coal, oil shale and oil sands, all of which provide an affordable, abundant and alternative source of fuel. In addition to increasing cost effectiveness options for the government, it will also increase America's energy security.
I'm a conservative and I believe if you tax something more you get less of it.
I'm somebody's who's in favor of transparency and openness.
For people who don't know me, I practiced medicine in Casper, Wyoming for 25 years as an orthopedic surgeon, taking care of families in Wyoming. I've been chief of staff of the largest hospital in our state. My wife is a breast cancer survivor.
Illegal immigration continues to be a major problem in the United States. We have people waiting to come here legally. And we should not be rewarding people who have come here illegally.
I'm telling you, as a doctor who spent about half of his time in the office taking care of our seniors on Medicare, it is a program that intentions to work are much better than the way it's working today in terms of practicality.
The more Americans find out about President Barack Obama's health care law, the less they like it. A majority of Americans want out.
The failed stimulus, along with Obamacare's long list of failures, show what happens when Congress passes laws in a rush.
My dad took me to John Kennedy's inauguration when I was 8. We come every time, Republican and Democrat, because of this great country.
My dad, as a guy, had to quit school in the ninth grade, fought in the Battle of the Bulge. And spent his life pushing wheel barrels of heavy wet cement. So we've gone from pushing cement to now in one generation pushing legislation. But we always want any president to succeed, to do well; that means America does well and Americans do well.
We need to focus on getting people back to work, focus on jobs, the economy, the debt and the spending. That's what will improve the quality of life for American families and for hard-working taxpayers.
Our state has a balanced budget. We have to live within our means in the state of Wyoming. I was in the state senate. This country needs a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.
We need to save and strengthen and fix Medicare. Seniors realize Medicare is broken.
What people are seeing is that the cost of their care and their insurance is going up faster since Obamacare has been passed than if the healthcare law had not been passed at all.
I don't want anybody between a doctor and a patient - not an insurance company bureaucrat or a Washington bureaucrat.
Each and every day, more people pay the price of Obamacare's mountain of mandates. As I travel across the country, I continue to hear from Americans who want Washington to take its hands off of their healthcare.
For 25 years practicing medicine, I never asked anybody if they were a Republican or a Democratic or an independent and asked if they had insurance or not. I took care of everybody.
As the 2016 presidential race kicks off, candidates on both sides of the aisle are promising to stand up for the middle class. Voters deserve to know that anyone who champions Obamacare cannot honestly say she or he is also a champion of middle-class Americans.
I've operated on people from Canada that have come to Wyoming for me to take care of them because they couldn't afford to wait long enough for their free operation.
Energy is called 'the master resource' for a reason.
We can't have a third Obama term, which is what electing Hillary Clinton would do.
It will be up to Congress to check the president's ambition of committing the U.S. to an international green scheme that will produce little or no return.
President Obama wants a climate deal and is willing to pay dearly to get it.
The Obama administration has already imposed burdensome regulations - for instance, the sprawling Clean Power Plan aimed at wiping out the coal industry - that will raise the cost of energy and put hundreds of thousands of Americans out of work.
In an agreement with China, President Obama has already pledged to reduce America's net greenhouse-gas emissions by more than 25% by 2025. In return, China has agreed to 'peak' its carbon-dioxide emissions in 2030.
Building power plants would do more to lift people out of poverty than the Green Climate Fund ever will.
I was in the state Senate in Wyoming, and we actually legislated. We offered amendments on bills and voted on things.
You just never know what the Supreme Court is going to do.
When the president decides that he knows better than you know what's good for you or your family, we've got trouble in this country.
When the Obama administration announced its 'reset' of relations with Russia in 2009, Americans never expected that it would include making Vladimir Putin the de facto U.S. ambassador to Syria in 2013.
Russia's actions in Syria are not the only reasons to distrust Mr. Putin. Moscow has opposed attempts by the U.N. in November 2011 to increase sanctions against Iran for its illicit nuclear program.
The EPA's climate change regulations are based on compromised scientific reports and heavily flawed data.
The National Forest Ski Area Permit Act of 1986 needs to be updated to reflect our growing communities.
States that scrap their state-run Obamacare exchanges are admitting they've wasted millions of dollars in federal grants. It's only fair that states have to pay American taxpayers and the federal government back for their total incompetence.
As Secretary of State, we need someone with sound judgment, ask tough questions, and should not be willing to just read talking points.
Humans are contributing to additional carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Keystone would allow us to transport 700,000 barrels of oil a day from our northern neighbor Canada to refineries in the United States.
Americans want real solutions and good jobs.
Most Americans want their government to be smaller, not larger; they want their taxes to be lower, not higher.
America is facing a looming shortage of doctors, nurses, and physicians' assistants.
Families will now have to prove to the IRS that they have Washington-approved and government-mandated insurance.
Obamacare is, 'Patient, heal yourself.'
The EPA has a history of overreaching its authority.
There are billions of barrels of oil in the Outer Continental Shelf. There is even more in Alaska. There is enough oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West alone to power America for the next hundred years. The Democrats say all this American energy is off limits.
