American,Economist
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness.
In economics, the majority is always wrong.
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
There is something wonderful in seeing a wrong-headed majority assailed by truth.
Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Liberalism is, I think, resurgent. One reason is that more and more people are so painfully aware of the alternative.
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking.
One of the greatest pieces of economic wisdom is to know what you do not know.
If wrinkles must be written upon our brows, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should never grow old.
Meetings are a great trap. Soon you find yourself trying to get agreement and then the people who disagree come to think they have a right to be persuaded. However, they are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
Economics is a subject profoundly conducive to cliche, resonant with boredom. On few topics is an American audience so practiced in turning off its ears and minds. And none can say that the response is ill advised.
Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy on the proof.
Money differs from an automobile or mistress in being equally important to those who have it and those who do not.
Total physical and mental inertia are highly agreeable, much more so than we allow ourselves to imagine. A beach not only permits such inertia but enforces it, thus neatly eliminating all problems of guilt. It is now the only place in our overly active world that does.
Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
In economics, hope and faith coexist with great scientific pretension and also a deep desire for respectability.
Much literary criticism comes from people for whom extreme specialization is a cover for either grave cerebral inadequacy or terminal laziness, the latter being a much cherished aspect of academic freedom.
We can safely abandon the doctrine of the eighties, namely that the rich were not working because they had too little money, the poor because they had much.
The salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a market award for achievement. It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
There are times in politics when you must be on the right side and lose.
There are few ironclad rules of diplomacy but to one there is no exception. When an official reports that talks were useful, it can safely be concluded that nothing was accomplished.
Few people at the beginning of the nineteenth century needed an adman to tell them what they wanted.
Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory.
By all but the pathologically romantic, it is now recognized that this is not the age of the small man.
People who are in a fortunate position always attribute virtue to what makes them so happy.
The conspicuously wealthy turn up urging the character building values of the privation of the poor.
Wealth is not without its advantages and the case to the contrary, although it has often been made, has never proved widely persuasive.
War remains the decisive human failure.
Few can believe that suffering, especially by others, is in vain. Anything that is disagreeable must surely have beneficial economic effects.
Of all classes the rich are the most noticed and the least studied.
In the United States, though power corrupts, the expectation of power paralyzes.
