American,Businessman
As a brand marketer, I'm a big believer in 'branding the customer experience,' not just selling the service.
The Mac defined 'personal technology', and the iPhone defines 'intimate technology' as a convergence of communications, content and location.
The future belongs to those who see possibilities before they become obvious.
We expect teachers to handle teenage pregnancy, substance abuse, and the failings of the family. Then we expect them to educate our children.
I didn't appreciate, coming out of corporate America... what it meant to a founder, the creator of the Macintosh, to be asked to step down from the very division that he created to lead the very product that he believed was going to change the world.
In many cases, jobs that used to be done by people are going to be able to be done through automation. I don't have an answer to that. That's one of the more perplexing problems of society.
We see healthcare shifting from a procedure reimbursement, where in this country doctors are reimbursed for how many procedures they conduct, to a world where people will be reimbursed for the outcomes - did the patient actually get better, and what was the total cost of the cycle of care.
I have found that I always learn more from my mistakes than from my successes. If you aren't making some mistakes, you aren't taking enough chances.
If we hadn't put a man on the moon, there wouldn't be a Silicon Valley today.
Implementers aren't considered bozos anymore.
Over the years, I have developed a pretty good Rolodex.
People who take risks are the people you'll lose against.
It's suddenly practical to do very high quality video wirelessly over mobile devices, and we're just in the early days of that.
There are just moments when all the stars are aligned for breakthrough products.
Apple makes really good products, and Samsung makes really good products. It's really a two-horse race. Where I think Apple is exposed: the price points of Apple's products are just so high by comparison with Samsung's.
Health care missed the PC and Internet revolutions, but it can't afford to miss the cloud and mobile revolution.
My guess is that Apple won't just pass Microsoft in market capitalization, but will go way beyond it.
I never claimed to be a computer engineer, but I did train as an industrial designer, and I am a consumer marketer, and I am very comfortable dealing with complex businesses and complexity in general and simplifying it - basically a systems designer.
Healthcare has been the last major industry that hasn't been touched by technology in terms of productivity and consumer adoption in the way so many other industries have.
Health innovation, enabled by digital technologies to build big consumer service brands, is an incredibly interesting, complex problem to work on.
I think that televisions are unnecessarily complex. The irony is that as the pictures get better and the choice of content gets broader, that the complexity of the experience of using the television gets more and more complicated.
Everything at Apple can be best understood through the lens of designing. Whether it's designing the look and feel of the user experience, or the industrial design, or the system design, and even things like how the boards were laid out.
Ross Perot came and visited Apple several times and visited the Macintosh factory. Ross was a systems thinker.
The healthcare industry has never had a priority on user experience because there has been little competition. Prices have never been transparent.
Our primary goal in the consumer health service companies I back is helping them create an uncompromisingly great consumer experience.
The only thing I would say is, I think there's a lot of future value in Blackberry, but without experienced people who have run this type of business, and without a strategic plan, it would be really challenging.
