American,Actor
Sometimes a little heartbreak is a lesson, and the best thing to do is just learn the lesson.
I was caught up in the hysteria during the Vietnam era, which was brought about through Marxist propaganda underlying the so-called peace movement.
Do not let the Obama administration fool you with all their cunning Alinsky methods. And if you don't know what that method is, I implore you to get the book 'Rules for Radicals,' by Saul Alinsky. Mr. Obama is very well trained in these methods.
People know who I am. I have less ability to be intimidated, in a sense, than others coming up.
The real truth is that the Obama administration is professional at bullying, as we have witnessed with ACORN at work during the presidential campaign. It seems to me they are sending down their bullies to create fist fights among average American citizens who don't want a government-run health care plan forced upon them.
The idea of right and wrong, being righteous, acknowledging when you make a mistake, repentance - all these important things I got from my Catholic background.
It's grown into a personal relationship, yeah. I'm crazy about Jerry. I think he's a unique character.
I was a guy who needed to go to class, because I had some raw talent that I thought was identifiable, when I finally made a decision to be an actor. And yet I wanted to learn how to really do the stuff. You know, 'How do I get to be a serious actor?'
You start where you can get an opportunity, you take everything that you can do to gain entrance. You do the little work and you try to find people who can teach you.
You can get digital technology that almost is film quality, and go make little films and do everything you can to find a little understanding of your own voice and it will grow - Don't take no for an answer - Take every opportunity you can to do something.
I've been very fortunate - You only can do what you're offered, you know?
There's the young Jon Voight and the old Jon Voight.
I play a detective, very close to myself actually.
Democracy is an extraordinary adventure. It's difficult, full of daring and risk and danger. But it's the greatest gift we have.
The people who voted for President Obama are just beginning to wake up to exactly what they brought in. The 'change' they envisioned is not the 'change' they have gotten.
Obama is a very good actor. He knows how to play it. And he is very adept at creating this 'Obama' - this character who is there whenever the world needs something.
This lie of political correctness is bringing this country down. You just want to break through it all.
It seems to me that if Mr. Obama wins the presidential election, then Messrs. Farrakhan, Wright, Ayers and Pfleger will gain power for their need to demoralize this country and help create a socialist America.
This is a perilous time, and more than ever, the world needs a united and strong America. If, God forbid, we live to see Mr. Obama president, we will live through a socialist era that America has not seen before, and our country will be weakened in every way.
If Washington is a two-party town, why can't Hollywood be one too?
Angelina is my daughter and I am always wishing her the best.
There's a real question at stake now. Is President Obama creating a civil war in our own country?
I was raised Catholic... I fell in love with certain ideals.
When I'm near a native community, I visit it. If I hear there's a spiritual person in the neighborhood, I'll seek them out.
I'd say that all nations have contact with the truth, and all religions have admirable people.
There's something real in women's intuition. It's an accurate signpost for decision making, but it usually bumps up against man's logic. So we have to put ego aside and listen to them.
