American,Musician
If I don't laugh at least 20 times a day - it hasn't been a good day.
I love berries. Strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, black berries, anything with an 'errie' in it!
I do consider myself a competitive person, but I'm not competitive to the point where I will do anything to win. I wouldn't step on somebody just to get to the next level. I would have to do it fair and square. I'm kind of competitive in a way to where I like to figure out things myself, and if I need help, I'll ask.
I'm a responsible soul. But anyone who has the chance to spend time with me can see I'm still 22 years old. I love talking about clothes and guys and shoes and makeup. Plus, I'm obsessed with anything Hello Kitty!
When I turned 18, my mom, my nana and I all went and had tattoos of our favorite Bible verses put on the inside of our wrists. Mine is 1st Timothy, 4:12.
There are a lot of parallels to the 'Sparkle' story and my story.
My heroes are just everyday people who work hard, are honest and have integrity.
There's no quick or magical way to lose weight. You just have to do it the natural way - diet and exercise and stick to it - and be able to do it at your own pace.
I love being able to sing for my job. I am blessed beyond words and I hope my fans can feel that while I'm on stage!
I like the way my heart beats, I like the way I think; I don't need or want anything to change that.
My whole journey has been about self-acceptance.
I can do accents really well.
My goals are to tell meaningful stories through songs and touch people's lives... and hopefully make a living doing it.
'Sparkle' fell into my lap. I had heard a little bit about it, that it was being redone in early 2011. I was just kind of like, 'Oh, that would be really cool,' and not really thinking too much about it, and then it came through my agency. I read it, I fell in love with the script and I went in to audition.
Sometimes I feel like there are people just waiting for me to fall. The funny thing is, I can't give them anything. I have just never been a partier, even in school.
I was always okay with the fact that I was taller and bigger than everybody else growing up. My mom, my dad, and my friends always told me I was beautiful.
Being on 'Idol,' you have no choice but to be an open book.
'Lizzie McGuire' was my big thing when I was younger. I did buy some pencils and back-to-school stuff of hers because she was on it. I loved her.
I like what I see in the mirror. I liked what I saw in the mirror before. It just didn't work in a bikini. And now it does. So I'm excited!
For me to even be talking about bikini confidence is crazy. If you had asked me a couple of months ago, I probably would have been like, 'what are you talking about...' so it's actually huge for me to even feel okay with putting a bikini on.
I love dill pickles! They're on my rider for my concerts so I eat one every day.
I'll splurge on Toblerone. I love Toblerone with the Swiss chocolate and nougat in it.
I've performed in Auburn Hills, at The Palace, so I haven't really been in downtown Detroit, but I've been able to be here, and I can really see, what the city was. Like, I can feel why Motown started here and how amazing it was.
Well, ever since I was little, I knew that singing was what I wanted to do, and then I got into, you know, doing drama club and community theater.
In school, when we lived in New Jersey, we went to Broadway a lot, so I saw a lot of Broadway plays, and I just loved being able to see people play a different character and, you know, be able to be themselves at the end of the night. So, I've always wanted to do it.
If I eat something a little crazy or if I feel sluggish, I know I have to eat better the next day and work out. I work out, I do circuit training so I try to keep my heart rate up whether I'm doing cardio, lifting weights or jumping rope. I like to mix it up. I also take Zumba classes - I love those, those are a blast.
I like to wear sleeves because they cover up my arms.
Hollywood large is so different than real-life large.
I looked massive next to Ryan Seacrest! But I was lucky that I've never had anyone say, 'Jordin, you need to lose weight.'
With 'Idol' it's kind of just like 'OK, here's this competition - I need to do better than somebody else.'
With the '60s era and Motown, my grandparents actually introduced us to that when I was younger, so I grew up listening to the Jackson Five, Aretha Franklin, The Temptations, The Supremes and Diana Ross' solo stuff. I just loved it.
Well... I had braces and I had to wear headgear! I loved my braces, actually. For me, they were like a piece of jewelry! Instead of the silver or pewter I had gold braces. It was so much fun, I loved them. I got to change the colors and stuff and I had the rubber bands.
I know what I want to look like. I don't want to look trashy. I want mothers to be able to look at me and not have to close their kids' eyes!
It's cool to have parents and family who will always tell me the truth no matter what. They'll tell me if I'm doing something stupid!
I love football. My weekends are booked. Saturday college games and Sunday NFL and 'Monday Night Football.' Booked! Football is first, then basketball and then everything else.
I played softball and basketball growing up. I really wanted to play football but both parents said no. I was mad for a second, then got over it. Now, just because I'm tall doesn't mean I can play basketball. I was waaaaay better at swinging a bat.
For me, 'I Am Woman' is all about transition. I turned 21 in December, so I'm not completely grown up yet but I'm not a little girl anymore. Just in that in-between stage. The song is everything I have ever heard a woman say. I loved this song for me and every young lady, girl and woman to be able to feel empowered in being female.
With the R&B, gospel feel that 'Sparkle' has, that opens the door for my fans to be more accepting of that sound and also for me to try it.
I love the expression that 'When your Bible is falling apart, the man isn't.'
The faith-based thing is really important for me. There are certain situations that I would not have been able to make through without the promises He makes and gave for us.
It's funny. When I saw the script in my inbox and it said 'Sparkle,' I thought, 'For real? It's really called 'Sparkle?' I was wondering, too, how does 'Jordin Sparks as Sparkle' sound?
When I was on 'Idol' and 17, everything was so new. Everyone is so nice and wants to see you succeed.
When I was on Broadway, I got really sick with walking pneumonia. I decided not to take my health for granted anymore and make it a priority. The great thing is, the pounds just started to fall off.
