American,Inventor
There is something special when creative people get together.
Find a way and make it happen: I've always been the type of person who couldn't rest until I found a way to make something happen. If I couldn't go around the rock, I'd find a way to go over it or under it or through it.
Overcome obstacles one at a time: Sometimes the end goal becomes too daunting, so take things one step at a time and overcome each obstacle as you get to it.
When I'm talking about a product, before it was a product, it was in my brain. So if I have an inspiration, I will literally get up in the middle of the night, and I'll dream about my customer... I don't feel like it's selling. I feel like it's talking about my children.
I look at life through product, and my goal is to impact people and make their lives better.
I've been told I miss every pass made at me! It would be wonderful to have a partner, but in my mind, it has to be like making a product. The product has to be meaningful, impact people - it has to be a great product.
I grew up with an Italian family in an era when a woman's path was laid out for her: You got married and had children. Simple, right? Then I got to a point around the age of 30 when I had three little children and was a single mom, and I realized life was not so simple.
Don't be afraid to have a reality check. Taking risks is OK, but you must be realistic.
I think if you believe in something hard enough, it'll work.
I made all sorts of things: drawings, sculptures - I was doing origami before I even knew the word. I was constantly creating.
I'm fortunate to have success, but it was a long and challenging road, so I try to make that not be the case for other women.
Years ago, Barry Diller asked me to be a judge on a pilot for an inventor show on USA, and when it was over, the producer, Ken Mok, took me out to dinner and really got me talking. It was a long dinner. Afterward, he said, 'One day, I'm going to write your movie'.
I've stood up in front of America for 25 years, and I wish I could bring everybody into my home that I have touched in my career. That would be an amazing thing.
From the start, I was focused on getting the Good Housekeeping Seal. I wanted to go on TV and tell everyone that the Miracle Mop had it. Now, I can proudly say 26 of my products have been approved!
It warms my heart more than anything when somebody comes up to me and says, 'You inspired me to do this.'
I'm a mom. I work. I have a house to clean, things to organize. We all have certain similar needs, and I address them.
I'll be a mentor to those who want to create a business, product or service and aren't exactly sure how to do that. To me, it's a true sign of success if I can help someone have a better time of it.
Something I learned along the way is that you really have to have courage in life. You can do amazing things on any level. It doesn't have to change the world; it can just impact the people around you - that's just as amazing.
When I wake up, I think, 'What can I do to help others?' I think we all owe the world something. That's the way I am when I'm designing a product.
I would love to see every woman feel that she knows who she is and how she wants to lead. Every part of me is passionate about having the ability to do what I never could do when I was young.
I think the movie, 'Joy,' has so many touchpoints with so many people because it is about the ordinary, but a lot of the times, the ordinary is extraordinary.
I told myself the next time I had a good idea, I would bring it to market.
Inventing is something that has always come very natural to me. As a child, I was always fiddling with things, making contraptions. I'd see something, go home, and try to make something even better.
The Miracle Mop created an entirely new category of stick goods - the twist mop. And when I demonstrated it for people, they'd invariably say, 'I have to have that.'
Each time I invent something and have it manufactured, it's so incredibly exciting that I can't imagine ever wanting to stop. Envisioning new products is easy for me. I just don't have enough time in the day to design them all.
I definitely don't need therapy in life because I have gone through every little corner of my life.
