American,Author
'Honesty' in social life is often used as a cover for rudeness. But there is quite a difference between being candid in what you're talking about, and people voicing their insulting opinions under the name of honesty.
Freedom without rules doesn't work. And communities do not work unless they are regulated by etiquette.
It's far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
I make a distinction between manners and etiquette - manners as the principles, which are eternal and universal, etiquette as the particular rules which are arbitrary and different in different times, different situations, different cultures.
We are born charming, fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society.
I am a traditionalist, and I'm an innovator. Most of what I do is to weigh change and legislate to the best of my ability on what should change and what should not. Do I have a respect for tradition? Of course I do. Do I have a blind belief in it? No.
One of the big no-nos in cyberspace is that you do not go into a social activity, a chat group or something like that, and start advertising or selling things. This etiquette rule is an attempt to separate one's social life, which should be pure enjoyment and relaxation, from the pressures of work.
When people start hurling insults at you, you know their minds are closed and there's no point in debating. You disengage yourself as quickly as possible from the situation.
The language of clothing is high symbolism and we all, in moments where we need to know this, realize it.
Chaperons don't enforce morality; they force immorality to be discreet.
Many people mistakenly think a new technology cancels out an old one.
Etiquette is all human social behavior. If you're a hermit on a mountain, you don't have to worry about etiquette; if somebody comes up the mountain, then you've got a problem. It matters because we want to live in reasonably harmonious communities.
When a society abandons its ideals just because most people can't live up to them, behavior gets very ugly indeed.
The greater the controversy, the more you need manners.
Email is very informal, a memo. But I find that not signing off or not having a salutation bothers me.
You glance at an e-mail. You give more attention to a real letter.
For email, the old postcard rule applies. Nobody else is supposed to read your postcards, but you'd be a fool if you wrote anything private on one.
Etiquette does not render you defenseless. If it did, even I wouldn't subscribe to it. But rudeness in retaliation for rudeness just doubles the amount of rudeness in the world.
Most people who work at home find they do not have the benefit of receptionists who serve as personal guards.
Parents should conduct their arguments in quiet, respectful tones, but in a foreign language. You'd be surprised what an inducement that is to the education of children.
Indeed, Miss Manners has come to believe that the basic political division in this country is not between liberals and conservatives but between those who believe that they should have a say in the love lives of strangers and those who do not.
There are three social classes in America: upper middle class, middle class, and lower middle class.
You do not have to do everything disagreeable that you have a right to do.
Hypocrisy is not generally a social sin, but a virtue.
Chaperons, even in their days of glory, were almost never able to enforce morality; what they did was to force immorality to be discreet. This is no small contribution.
Honesty has come to mean the privilege of insulting you to your face without expecting redress.
