American,Chef
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.
I think careful cooking is love, don't you? The loveliest thing you can cook for someone who's close to you is about as nice a valentine as you can give.
Find something you're passionate about and keep tremendously interested in it.
Someone may offer you a freshly caught whole large fish, like a salmon or striped bass. Don't panic - take it!
Drama is very important in life: You have to come on with a bang. You never want to go out with a whimper. Everything can have drama if it's done right. Even a pancake.
Usually, one's cooking is better than one thinks it is.
Life itself is the proper binge.
I was 32 when I started cooking; up until then, I just ate.
I think one of the terrible things today is that people have this deathly fear of food: fear of eggs, say, or fear of butter. Most doctors feel that you can have a little bit of everything.
What a marvelous resource soup is for the thrifty cook - it solves the ham-bone and lamb-bone problems, the everlasting Thanksgiving turkey, the extra vegetables.
When I got to France I realized I didn't know very much about food at all. I'd never had a real cake. I'd had those cakes from cake mixes or the ones that have a lot of baking powder in them. A really good French cake doesn't have anything like that in it - it's all egg power.
Once you have mastered a technique, you hardly need look at a recipe again and can take off on your own.
In France, cooking is a serious art form and a national sport.
In department stores, so much kitchen equipment is bought indiscriminately by people who just come in for men's underwear.
I hate organized religion. I think you have to love thy neighbor as thyself. I think you have to pick your own God and be true to him. I always say 'him' rather than 'her.' Maybe it's because of my generation, but I don't like the idea of a female God. I see God as a benevolent male.
The art of bread making can become a consuming hobby, and no matter how often and how many kinds of bread one has made, there always seems to be something new to learn.
You learn to cook so that you don't have to be a slave to recipes. You get what's in season and you know what to do with it.
I found that the recipes in most - in all - the books I had were really not adequate. They didn't tell you enough... I won't do anything unless I'm told why I'm doing it. So I felt that we needed fuller explanations so that if you followed one of those recipes, it should turn out exactly right.
Being tall is an advantage, especially in business. People will always remember you. And if you're in a crowd, you'll always have some clean air to breathe.
Because of media hype and woefully inadequate information, too many people nowadays are deathly afraid of their food, and what does fear of food do to the digestive system? I am sure that an unhappy or suspicious stomach, constricted and uneasy with worry, cannot digest properly.
I don't believe in twisting yourself into knots of excuses and explanations over the food you make.
It's so beautifully arranged on the plate - you know someone's fingers have been all over it.
As we say in the American Institute of Wine and Food, small helpings, no seconds. A little bit of everything. No snacking. And have a good time.
I was never a spy. I was with the OSS organization. We had a number of women, but we were all office help.
I fell in love with the public, the public fell in love with me, and I tried to keep it that way.
As a girl, I had zero interest in the stove. I've always had a healthy appetite, especially for the wonderful meat and the fresh produce of California, but I was never encouraged to cook and just didn't see the point in it.
