American,Actor
I look like a geeky hacker, but I don't know anything about computers.
So I made a request. I said to the writers, I have a minor request that I just want to play a loser.
I would feel so guilty about lying that I would try to stress myself out and work up a headache so I wouldn't have the guilt of not having a bit of the symptom.
If you can measure success in this business based on happiness alone I feel like I've hit the lottery.
The Britney Spears movie was just fun and light, but let's talk about that in a few months.
Guys like Philip Seymour Hoffman or Sam Rockwell are the guys I look up to and have the kind of career I'd like to emulate.
I just didn't like going to school.
I really hated school and so I just wanted to stay home and watch 'I Love Lucy' and watch the movies that inspired me to the point where we are sitting here.
Nine out of 10 people who recognize me recognize me from the commercials.
If I had been egotistical about the movies, I have been brought back to earth.
I loved 'Junebug.' It was one of my favorite films, my favorite type of film.
People who haven't done commercials, don't appreciate how hard it is.
I've always been proud of the fact that I can hold it together and I rarely break. It's a point of pride for me.
I had been thinking for a while about how bored and tired I was of playing straight-down-the-middle everymanish characters that have what I call white guy problems. And I missed playing characters who lacked dignity and more importantly, lacked social skills.
I have such thin skin, so I make a concerted effort to avoid reading anything about myself.
I love doing voiceover work. I started doing voiceover work when I had just dropped out of school, and the first few professional jobs I got were plays, but then I started making money doing voice-overs.
I loved the opportunity to just transform my voice. I loved the idea of doing impressions and mimicking and playing around with the spectrum of your own voice. That's what I enjoy most about doing voice-overs.
