American,Musician
Nothing in life is promised except death.
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?
I refuse to accept other people's ideas of happiness for me. As if there's a 'one size fits all' standard for happiness.
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
The concept of commercialism in the fashion and art world is looked down upon. You know, just to think, 'What amount of creativity does it take to make something that masses of people like?' And, 'How does creativity apply across the board?'
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
I don't know what's better gettin' laid or gettin' paid.
Know your worth! People always act like they're doing more for you than you're doing for them.
I think I do myself a disservice by comparing myself to Steve Jobs and Walt Disney and human beings that we've seen before. It should be more like Willy Wonka... and welcome to my chocolate factory.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
Our work is never over.
I still think I am the greatest.
Nobody can tell me where I can and can't go.
I was never really good at anything except for the ability to learn.
I have decided in 2020 to run for president.
I don't even listen to rap. My apartment is too nice to listen to rap in.
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
I know I got angels watchin me from the other side.
This dark diction has become America's addiction.
Black people can be the most conservative, the most discriminating. Especially among ourselves. It wasn't white people who said all black men have to wear baggy jeans.
You don't have to be scared of me, because I am loyal. Why are people so scared of creative ideas and so scared of truth? All I want to do is do good.
In Paris, you're as far as possible from the land of pleasant smiles.
