American,Athlete
I'll make the right decision, whichever one it is. I have to be 100 percent, not 95 or 99.
Sometimes, you follow your dreams. I say to the young people, 'If you have a dream, chase it.'
I spent a lot of time doing things other people wanted me to do, so I'm doing what I want to do now.
You have injuries that bother you when you're not playing. When that horn blows, you don't feel it.
I don't know what my label is. I just think of myself as a plain forward. I like to think I have some finesse to my game, but inside the paint is where men are made. If you can't play there, you should be home with your mama.
Everything I've been through, everything I'm about to go through in my career and my life, if my family wasn't with me and didn't support me, it would be really tough.
Forget the technique. Hit the guy across from you. Don't let somebody come in your space.
I just think we want to stay healthy, and I don't think we think about a sense of urgency. We realize how old we are, we realize we've been playing this game for a long time, but you know what? We're not done yet.
I think we're a deeper team, a better team, we still have work to do... nothing is guaranteed, but hopefully we got the mentality to play on the road, and we're starting to get our home thing back in order now-if we can do that we'll be just fine.
It takes people a while to trust you.
You don't try to do more than you should.
Some people might not like him because he's my son. But be respectful, go out there and enjoy the game.
Somebody tell the damn players to start playing like old school.
If I could have come in for $10m, I would have done that. I've been pretty smart with my money. I'm playing because I want to play this game here - I want the opportunity.
I have my life on a track that I want it on, and I don't want to get off.
I hope I did it the way my peers did it before me. I didn't do anything but try to play hard.
I realize that things happen for a reason.
Even though I left for a year, I grew here as a Jazz man. If I'm fortunate enough to go into the Hall of Fame, I will go as a Jazz man.
You're a professional. You don't need for me to break a film down for you. If you want to stop the guy you're playing, they pay you millions of dollars. You get you a TV and break the player down yourself.
I can do something physically the other guy can't. I know the other guy has not dedicated himself the way I did.
When I said I retired from basketball playing, I have retired. You will not see me play again. That is a promise.
Misery loves company. This is a Hollywood soap opera, and I'm not going to be a star in another Bryant soap opera.
At some point in time I will be honored if I would be mentioned as a coach.
Marijuana is not tested for, and yet that is the big thing guys are getting in trouble with in the league. It's terrible.
I just want to make a name for myself and get to the next level.
They changed the floor back to old school. They changed the uniform back to old school. Somebody tell the damn players to start playing like old school.
