American,Author
I never heard 'I love you' as a child. I never felt pretty or cared for.
I don't even listen to hip-hop anymore. All my friends are white and over 40.
Something that always fascinated me was the psychology and the psychology differences between men and women and how we relate to one another.
Any good writer is going to be well-received and is going to not be well-received; that's how you know you're a great writer.
I've always had a man's mindset, and that's why I mostly have men friends, and that's why I've been around so many men. I've always been a tomboy. And any man that knows me will tell you I'm not a girly girl.
For women especially, it's important to be financially independent.
In certain parts of the world - where I'm at right now in New York, you're going to pay a whole lot more. In Los Angeles, your average starter home is a million dollars. So I need more money in Los Angeles to live like a normal person. If I live in another city, Iowa maybe, I wouldn't need as much.
I've been writing since I'm five years old. I've been writing books since high school - junior high, high school. I write every single day. I never thought I'd be published.
There are a lot of things that I have not shared that I will never share. I do have a personal private life.
I am not, and have no interest in being, a musician of any kind.
My grandfather started his autobiography before he died; he never finished it. I would like to finish his autobiography because I finished mine.
When Goldie Hawn wrote her memoirs, no one said Goldie Hawn was snitching. When Jane Fonda wrote her memoirs, no one said Jane Fonda was snitching.
I remember specifically my mother telling me growing up don't put my business in the street. I was like seven, and I am like, 'What does that mean.'
We know what happens to little black boys that have no dads; we've heard that, we get it. But no one is really saying that young women who are born without fathers have real serious issues especially when their mother had no father and the mother has issues.
I've never been a model, I was an actress for like a minute, but I've always been a writer. That's where I'm going to stay.
I have me. I have God. I have my son. Everything else is extra.
Your man wants to know that there's nothing you wouldn't do for him - if that's your committed relationship.
A lot of times, women complain about men around them. It's not always someone else's fault. If you're the common denominator in 57 different relationships that didn't work out, then maybe, just maybe... it's you!
Every man is different. You can't generalize with men; you have to find out what your man wants. You have to listen to him when he's telling you what he wants, because a lot of times they're telling you, but you're not listening.
'Confessions of a Video Vixen' is not a book about my encounters with celebrities, or anyone else for that matter. It is my life story, thus far, which just so happens to include some people you may have heard of.
Everyone in Hollywood is seeking fame and fortune; it's in the water here. Everyone from young women to old men - they all want it.
The entertainment industry is vast and is a reflection of the society we live in.
Life is a lot easier when you realize that you're not in control of it all.
