American,Novelist
In boxing, they say it's the punch you don't see coming that knocks you out. In the wider world, the reality we ignore or deny is the one that weakens our most impassioned efforts toward improvement.
Prior to penicillin and medical research, death was an everyday occurrence. It was intimate.
There are those whose own vulgar normality is so apparent and stultifying that they strive to escape it. They affect flamboyant behaviour and claim originality according to the fashionable eccentricities of their time. They claim brains or talent or indifference to mores in desperate attempts to deny their own mediocrity.
I'm like every waitress in every diner; I'm like every mom driving her kids to school. I'm nothing special at all.
American culture is torn between our long romance with violence and our terror of the devastation wrought by war and crime and environmental havoc.
In our struggle to restrain the violence and contain the damage, we tend to forget that the human capacity for aggression is more than a monstrous defect, that it is also a crucial survival tool.
Well, it arose out of two long-term concerns - the first being the possibility of genetic manipulation, nature versus nurture, what constitutes how people get to be how they are.
Non-fiction is a big responsibility. Rationality. Facts. The urgent need to reflect some small aspect of reality. But fiction is a private autism, a self-referential world in which the writer is omnipotent. Gravity, taxes, and death are mere options, subject to the writer's fancy.
A film adaptation is, I hope, the director's version. A new creation.
Every doorway, every intersection has a story.
The intense campaigns against domestic violence, rape, sexual harassment, and inequity in the schools all too often depend on an image of women as weak and victimized.
Perhaps the strongest evidence that women have as broad and deep a capacity for physical aggression as men is anecdotal. And as with men, this capacity has expressed itself in acts from the brave to the brutal, the selfless to the senseless.
Each reader projects their own version of the experience inside their skull as they go along. It's probably true that no two people read exactly the same book.
We came to Portland because there was a good alternative public school. Friends who lived there told me about it, and my son loved it. I left his dad and went to work slinging hash in a breakfast diner and working nights tending bar in a biker tavern.
I don't think there is such a thing as an idea without words, because your language is your thought.
I have been a believer in the magic of language since, at a very early age, I discovered that some words got me into trouble and others got me out.
I think genetic research is a fascinating and fertile area.
The second is the structure and source of cults. They have always haunted me, and I wanted to explore the fundamental notion of giving up responsibility to an outside power.
I come from a family of great readers and storytellers.
Let's just say, the American school of suburban angst is not my cup of tea.
But I think everybody should write. I think those people with stories who don't write should be stomped on.
But I went to high school in a Portland suburb and went to college here.
I think that it's really important to go away and come back.
We're also far enough from the publishing power that we have no access to the politics of publishing, although there are interpersonal politics, of course.
But the animation has become very good, and I think that a movie is not a book, and a book is not a movie.
What I think happens, and that you have to acknowledge though, is that a director uses a book as a launching pad for his own work and that's always very flattering.
My mother is an escaped farm girl from North Dakota and a self-taught artist and painter.
My dad was a third-generation printer and linotype operator, by all accounts a fabulous ballroom dancer. He was jettisoned from the family before I was 2, and I have never met him and have no memory of him.
A true freak cannot be made. A true freak must be born.
Behind every locked door on Skid Road are a thousand stories.
We're living in a high-tech world. So much of our stimulus and entertainment comes from things that are quite abstract and disembodied.
Boxing is a formal, ritualized creation of crisis.
The things we do to our children - most of the evil in the world is not done with bad intentions but with the best intentions ever.
I thought if I just told the truth, the human truth, it'd be the truth for everyone.
It took seventeen years to get from my second novel, 'Truck,' to my third, 'Geek Love.'
Fiction, even when it's grim and hard, is fun.
No, I've never competed. I did, however, train in a boxing gym with a good coach beginning in 1993. I'd been writing about the sport for a dozen years by then and wanted to know what boxers endured, what it felt like. I was too old to compete when I started, but I sparred enough to get a taste.
Women are real. Our reality covers the whole human megillah, from feeble to fierce, from bad to good, from endangered to dangerous. We don't just deserve power, we have it. And power in this and every other society is not just the capacity to benefit those around us.
It is time to recognize the variability of females, just as we do males.
We live with a distinct double standard about male and female aggression. Women's aggression isn't considered real. It isn't dangerous; it's only cute. Or it's always self-defense or otherwise inspired by a man. In the rare case where a woman is seen as genuinely responsible, she is branded a monster - an 'unnatural' woman.
I'm just a regular Joe.
In a really good, closely matched situation, the style of the boxer is every bit as explicit and specific to him as a painter's hand.
Some writers get snooty about what happens when their books are adapted to film, but I don't feel that way.
Film is a different art form with its own demands and its own riches.
Donald Westlake's lean prose and deadpan delivery are engaging, as always.
My lip curls in a snide reflex whenever I hear that a new novel is written from the point of view of a child or a monster, a lunatic or an animal. I immediately expect a nasty coyness of tone, cheesy artifice, the world through cardboard 3-D lenses.
My own theory about the phlegmatic qualities and properties of the English is the mountain of pure white sugar hydrocarbons they consume every day bloody day of the year - the stiff upper lip is petrified sugar; that's Bermuda's revenge, the with death, the rotting future square in the teeth of it.
I think it is the natural and innate function of certain organisms to secrete beauty in permanent forms we call artworks, to respond to beauty by answering its discovery with a new beauty.
An intimate core of my being recognizes that there is nothing in me that can go on: there is no spark; there is no infestation of vaporous miasma that has the capacity to continue, and there is nothing in me that wishes to continue. This moment is, for me, all that there is, and I'm willing to accept it. I'm a worm; I have no soul.
I thought that was actually kind of boring, that search for perfection.
In boxing, it just seemed to me from the time I was a very small child, we have a peculiarly civilized form in that boxers don't screech and holler. They don't use weapons. When the bell rings, they fight; when the bell rings again, they stop.
I've met some of the most interesting, dimensional, and kind people of my life in that subculture and around the sport. And it seems to me that boxing is one of those structures that is designed to promote harmony. I think that it is a stove that contains that fire in us and makes it safe and useful.
I'd always been fascinated by boxing and became very engaged with it through my husband, actually. But I started to write about it because so many decent, righteous people wanted it banned.
I know that some of the finest writing I've ever read has been sports writing, whatever the topic was, whatever the sport they were writing about. It seems to be an area where people are allowed a little more leeway than when they're reporting on traffic jams and city-council meetings.
It's not unfair, I think, to describe boxers as a demographic little given to literary entanglement. In general, with exceptions, they prefer movies.
Though 'Fat City' was written long before cellphones or the Internet, its human apparatus is state of the art.
At its heart, 'Fat City' is not about boxing. It is a universal story of grim realities and toxic delusions. It is awash with awareness of chances blown, dreams stymied, precious time wasted, and all future prospects scorched to ashes by the process.
'The Iliad' includes some snappy sports reporting, and writers ever since have been probing athletes for signifiers, for metaphor amped by grit under pressure.
