American,Writer
I love that feeling, that feeling of team.
When I was in college, I started an improv group, and I did a bunch of plays and some musicals. I have a theater degree. I'm a school person: I like getting homework and having deadlines. When I graduated, I worked right away as an actor.
I was in relays for track where you just bonded with all these different kinds of personalities who were coming together for this one common goal of beating a rival team.
I wake up around seven, and I give my daughter breakfast. I spend the first hour or two of her day with her.
We're big 'Game of Thrones' fans, so we call our house King's Landing. I have a studio apartment above our garage that we call Winterfell. I go to Winterfell to write.
On '30 Rock,' the hours were really intense, and I was often on set. I'm glad I didn't have a kid then because I don't think I would have ever seen her. I would work 15-hour days, and weekends, too.
I was a writer on '30 Rock' for six years.
When I was younger, I wanted my hair to look like Molly Ringwald's.
I played volleyball and basketball, and I did track and volleyball in college.
I was an athlete, so I have kind of an athletic sensibility towards writing. I can work for many long hours without fatiguing.
No one ever actually said they were resistant because 'Pitch Perfect' was female-centric. When a project is sitting there for a while, you start to speculate about what could be the thing that might be a little tricky about it.
'Pitch Perfect' was my first screenplay, so it was like my little baby.
Ultimately, I want to direct a movie, so that's another thing, too, where I wonder what that will look like and how will I be able to manage.
I was auditioning a lot in L.A., and I was actually getting called back a lot for sitcoms. But I wasn't getting jobs. I even tested for 'Saturday Night Live' and didn't get that.
I was like, 'I have to start writing for myself, to show people what I can do and what my point of view is.'
I was working at 'New Girl' when I found out there was going to be a 'Pitch' sequel.
I would be writing while I was breastfeeding. I didn't want the computer to be too close to her, so it was at an arm's distance away while I was clickety-clack typing away.
I ran track in college. And that team, that all-lady team that I was on, I can remember just being so incredibly sad that I knew we were all going to leave each other after we graduated and that our lives would change. And even though I was the bridesmaid at all their weddings and stuff like that, it's just not the same, right?
You never imagine that the Green Bay Packers were going to be in something you wrote or singing 'Bootylicious.'
You just tell a good story where you're funny and it makes people laugh.
I'm actually from a small town about an hour and a half south of Chicago.
I have to say, my husband is a big Patriots fan. Like, a huge Patriots fan.
'Hot Pursuit,' 'Pitch Perfect 2,' 'Trainwreck,' and 'Spy' were all being done in the last year. All four of those movies I just mentioned are not rom-coms: they're all about women doing different things.
I started writing because I wasn't getting things as an actor.
I wasn't, like, pretty enough to be the ingenue; I wasn't 'character' enough to be the goofball sidekick. I'm kind of ethnically ambiguous.
I've got to literally write my own ticket.
