American,Actress
You know, I change my hair color a lot, I do all sorts of different things.
Well, I'm a consumer as well. I go to the movies with my popcorn and believe everything I see.
I've been overwhelmed; I was a single mother for a time.
I think right now in the world we're feeling like there's no solid ground beneath our feet, you know?
I just think we're living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.
My whole career is based on taking a left turn after each film and doing the opposite of what I've just done.
I don't care what people's myths are about me.
The worst thing would be for them to find out who I really am, because that's where I hide.
That's where I got my start and where I'll continue to work, but I can't tell you the number of films between Drugstore Cowboy and Curly Sue that I auditioned for and wanted that didn't choose me.
But actors at a certain point take the best of what's available to them.
And sometimes I do films so my daughter can see me work.
I make a good living and I've never looked at myself as being an artiste.
The fact that I got Drugstore Cowboy at all was a fluke.
The least consideration of any film I've ever worked on is who is right for it.
You look at Gone With the Wind, how right Vivian Leigh was for that. Don't know if that would happen today.
It's important for me to see as many colors in the character as possible.
I like to show as much of a woman as I can. I like to fill things out.
If it's independent, it's because I love it... 'cause they usually end up costing me money to do.
Well, for someone who looks like me you wonder where Alfred Hitchcock is.
In a collaborative environment directors hire actors because they want their input, not just their bodies.
I do come shackled with whatever people think I am.
Most movie stars don't change their look at all.
Cause I won't repeat myself, the way I dress and look.
Yeah, I do feel badly sometimes, not for whose coming up and getting roles I'm not right for anymore but the people I compete with, who range from Uma Thurman on up.
It's part of the fun of it to work with strong personalities.
I mean, I always feel incredibly lucky to get a job.
