American,Director
If you look at it, 'The Lion King' is very similar to 'Hamlet.'
A lot of people say to me, 'Is this good, to do to a Shakespeare piece?' And I think, 'You know, 'West Side Story' did it very cleverly, in a different way.' But if you look at 'Bonnie and Clyde,' 'Titanic,' 'Avatar,' 'Grease,' 'Brokeback Mountain'... they're all 'Romeo and Juliet' stories.
I think Baz Luhrmann's 'Romeo + Juliet' is a work of genius.
I think 'West Side Story' is one of the greatest, if not the greatest, musicals ever put onscreen - or stage, for that matter. I, frankly, like Zeffirelli's 'Romeo and Juliet' very much, too. I grew up with that... I loved it. I loved the score; I loved the acting.
Gnomes are supposed to be good luck in a garden, protecting against pests and diseases. A mythic gatekeeper, in the way a Kitchen Witch is.
I think what's universal about the story of 'Romeo and Juliet' is every one has grown up and done something that was rebellious against their parents' wishes, be it love or something else.
We are all rebellious teenagers. Sometimes we grow out of it, and sometimes we don't.
Shrek is the Mickey Mouse of DreamWorks.
I don't want to be the one accused of ruining the Smurfs.
I wish I had been a child when the Smurfs came on television.
The way I choose voice talent is I don't let them tell me who the actor is.
My favorite films left the camera rest, and the actors and characters have a stage to act. Move the camera when it's motivating.
Every animated film that I've worked on - whether it was as a story artist or as Head of Story or even as director - where we originally started out with our story and where we eventually ended up were often very different places.
The Smurfs - and they're this way in Peyo's comics as well - do have a rubbery indestructibility about them. They can get bruised & battered. But they then just sort of bounce back very quickly, like those classic cartoon characters Wiley Coyote and Tom & Jerry.
Tim Burton, let's face it: he's into stitches.
On 'Shrek,' Eddie Murphy was locked in as the donkey before we'd even designed the donkey.
It happens a lot that a name actor will be signed on to a project in its germ stage.
When you have a name actor, with a face that people recognise and a name that can go on posters or billboards and be able to appear on the talkshow circuit and tout the film, that's always a plus.
There's a lot of movies, and I've made some of them that could be categorized this way, but there's definitely been a trend in animated features of all types to be a little bit cynical, if you will, to have a little bit of 'knowing' humor to them, kind of a wink to the audience.
I look back at my childhood, and the films that I remember the most are things like 'Mary Poppins,' 'Chitty Chitty Bang Bang,' 'Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory,' 'To Kill a Mockingbird.'
I think a film should be appropriate to what it's trying to say or the characters in it.
I love all sorts of movies, whether made by Scorsese or Frank Capra. I love them all.
Star-crossed lovers who have a destiny that isn't necessarily going to work in their favor - that's a universal story; that's an archetypal story.
What, if not Shakespeare, is open for interpretation?
I think Shakespeare, at his heart, was just the way all of us are that make movies: He wanted to entertain people.
I've seen animation features just languish until the right combination of things come along to keep it alive.
