American,Musician
I've always been a big, bold thinker and a dreamer.
I remember telling myself when I got to start having artist opportunities, 'Let yourself be a fan, because you are. The minute that you walk in a room with Carrie Underwood, and you're too cool to freak out, you need to check yourself.' I just let myself be a fan.
I've studied live shows and artists for so long. I got the tour documentaries and all that and watched them. I love a show. I love an artist that can do all of it.
I've always been drawn to the message of 'Be yourself. Love yourself.' I need to be reminded of that all time.
Growing up, I remember thinking country music was all honky-tonks and beer and trucks - Britney Spears was my first concert.
There's value in being a normal person.
I get to remind myself and other people to be yourself, to rock you who you are, and don't worry about if it fits.
There's a YouTube video of these two kittens that just fall over and pass out. My blood sugar's crazy, so I would pass out sometimes, like the fainting kittens.
I just want to be real and who I am. That's something I'd feel comfortable with any little girl looking up to, so that's who I try to be.
On stage, you can get away with more, so I definitely use that to my advantage and go bolder with fashion, hair, and makeup. I love a smoky eye and long lashes.
As a fan, I connect with realness. Whether it's strong or vulnerable, if it's real, I can connect with it.
The first album is an introduction, and when people listen to it top to bottom, I want them to know me.
I started writing songs by myself. That always came from whatever I was feeling and being honest about that because I never had any intention of anyone ever hearing them.
Music videos, to me, are like an extension of a song.
I love when an artist can stand by themselves and play their guitar and hold a crowd, but I also love bells and whistles.
I am such a girly girl, and I love not playing it safe. I'm so new to this world, so it's fun to establish myself as a fashionista.
I was this little blond girl with a guitar case bigger than me - it was pink and sparkly at the time. But I always took myself seriously, and I think that people took that seriously. I would tell them about my goal list, and they listened. I was like, 'I want to be the one that swings the pendulum.'
I really like food. Honestly, anytime I have time off, I binge-watch Netflix and eat chicken tenders. That's my guilty pleasure. Separate or together!
Always wash your face before you go to bed - skin care is key.
There's this misconception out there that at any level of celebrity, you have someone to do hair and makeup when you're out touring, but no, it is just not the case. I do it all myself.
I love pop music. I listen to it; I think you can hear it in my songwriting and my album. I'd definitely say it's country-pop music, but it's country first.
We had three cows and a goat. People from New York and L.A. are like, 'Oh my gosh, that's a farm!' But people in Tennessee are like, 'That's not a farm.' I've never milked a cow or anything like that.
I was writing country songs, but I wasn't listening to country yet. I grew up on a farm in East Tennessee, so my roots are country, you know? But I didn't know where those songs came from or where they fit.
I grew up loving music, like, loving it. I was involved in church choir, leading worship and all the choirs in my school - even glee club.
When I was 13, I started writing songs, and it fell into my lap all of a sudden. I wrote poems and journals, but that's when it switched for me to songwriting. That's when I wanted to do everything. It was like a fire all of a sudden. I started coming to Nashville and moved here when I was 15.
Being a songwriter is really the base of being an artist, for me.
I love pop music. I've tried to always be honest about that.
I see little girls at my meet-and-greets who are like, 'Kelsea! It's my first concert and I came to see you.' And I'm thinking, 'I don't want to post anything online that your mom would be mad at me for, because you're important to me.'
The whole heartbeat of the first record is young, which I think is what made it relatable to young girls.
I really want people to know I'm a songwriter.
The artists that I relate to and love the most are the ones where I can listen to the record, and I can know them better, and for me, that's writing it.
People send me songs all the time that are literally no-brainer hits... but for me, I'm an artist because I'm a writer.
I want to stay where I am. I'm stoked to be a country artist.
I have a huge appreciation for music in general, but my roots are country.
Even though there are incredible songs floating around Nashville, it's important for me to have my voice heard.
I love that on country radio, you can hear a George Strait song, and the next is Sam Hunt. I love that there's such a variety.
I like making people feel pretty.
I was a huge Jonas Brothers fan, unapologetically, when I was 12 or 13.
With Rascal Flatts, I'm such a fan of them, and I feel like they've been so gracefully relevant through decades of country music.
The Grammys to me, well, that's my peers. That's the industry thinking what I do is good.
My biggest dream is to headline an arena tour.
Me and my mom made a deal that if something would happen to help me get my start in music, I could get out of college.
I used to walk around trying to do the Britney Spears growl: 'Oh, baby, baby.'
I'm in this wave with Maddie & Tae and RaeLynn and Mickey Guyton and Cam. We're all kind of finding our niches and becoming successful. I think that it's just been really fun to be with them and do this all together.
Honestly, I was a fan before I got the opportunity to be an artist. I was the kind of fan who would stand in line or post a cover video.
I feel a loyalty to my favorite artists, and to have my fans feel that, for me, is a special bond because I've been there for so long.
There are certain days I will get home, and something will pop up on my Twitter, and I will just cry about it. I get so overwhelmed that I get to do what I do.
I try to be a good person. I love Jesus.
My life is truly pop country.
I just want to make the best music I can make.
Getting to do shows with Lady Antebellum, Keith Urban, and Sam Hunt is just awesome. It's so inspiring because I grew up such fans of Lady A and Keith, and to be able to sing my songs on the same stage as them and then stand side stage and watch them is just a really special thing.
'Peter Pan,' I think, was a game-changer. That was the first song that really had some heartbeat to it... I think that's the song that got people's attention.
I'm a huge fan of the Chainsmokers - like, huge. Like, I would love to collaborate with them.
The Grammys are just the pinnacle of music.
I went to my first CMA Music Fest when I was 14 and waited in line for two hours to meet two people: Taylor Swift and Hillary Scott from Lady Antebellum. It's very ironic but not accidental that those two people refer to me as their 'little sister' now.
You really do have to be different. You really do have to set yourself apart.
I love having that conversation with someone I've never met before who's enjoying something that I wrote and being able to connect and share that.
The thing that's been most important to me is being interactive with people that are listening to my music.
I wanted to be a vet. I really thought that's what I wanted to do.
I'm not super traditional at all.
I feel like if you just walk with a purpose, people will think you're supposed to be there. That's my life theory.
Women in country music have always been a staple and always been important.
Honestly, I'm such a shoe girl. I like to save money, and I like to spend money on shoes.
It's been really cool to me to watch someone like Sam Hunt, whose lyrics and roots are in country but you can hear that he listens to Drake and Justin Timberlake - and that's OK. It allows songwriters to be more honest because it's like, 'This is who I'm listening to.'
I did ballet, jazz, and all that, but I think hip-hop is really where I learned rhythm and groove, which has helped me in music.
I've never been scared, but I'm very naive.
I share so much of my life on social media, and I love the honest connection with the people that follow me.
It's really cool when, in every genre of music, you can listen to a song and know what era it was from.
I try to be as honest as I can in writing. That's what ends up translating and relating to people.
It's so fun to make up stories, but I find that the songs that I'm most proud of came from a real thing in my life - 'Peter Pan' being one of those.
I was living in Knoxville, Tennessee, and I didn't really know how you would become a singer. I didn't even think that I could do it. I didn't even dream about it. But when I was 12, it was that year where I got tall, boys got cute, everything was weird. Then my parents split up on top of that, so it was a big year of change for me.
It wasn't supposed to work - being a new artist, a female artist, an artist on an independent. That's what made it so much sweeter when we hit No. 1.
Hillary Scott from Lady Antebellum is like my big sister.
I love Taylor Swift, and I've always been such a fan of her.
Sometimes, if I really just need to unwind and kind of watch something that isn't gonna stress me out or have drama in it, I watch 'Spongebob.'
My songs are my stories... good, bad, ugly, beautiful.
Growing up in east Tennessee gave me my country roots, my twang, and a lot of my stories.
It's really humbling to be acknowledged by such established names like CMT and Billboard.
As a young woman, I just think there's something really confident and empowering about being able to flirt back.
I've always been drawn to strong women in every genre, people who push the boundaries because they're just epic.
I write everything. It's my favorite part of what I do. And lyrics are my favorite thing.
I'm a talker.
As a young girl, there are pressures that come with any career, but I decided when I got into this I didn't want to be perfect.
I've gotten to be part of a lot of incredible tours and have learned so much from the people I've had the opportunity to open for.
I want to be a good person first and a good artist second.
Songwriting was a gift that came to me when I needed it the most.
When I was 12, I was going through an awkward time. Writing music helped me find my voice and express the things I was feeling.
When I was 15, my mom and I packed everything up and moved to Nashville so I could pursue my dream in music.
My favorite festival beauty look is definitely braids and hats: a messy fishtail braid and a cute outfit, and I'm ready!
I've always wanted to dye my hair a bright color.
I feel like it's been so crazy to get to open for people like Rascal Flatts, Lady A, Billy Currington.
My favorite thing ever is walking into a room and there's like, shoes and dresses and sparkles in the room. It's a good time.
No matter how exhausted I am after a show, I always take my makeup off. Even if it's just with a remover wipe.
I grew up loving music and being super involved in church choir and school musicals and such, but when I started writing is when I fell in love with the idea of doing it for the rest of my life.
I love getting facials. I've even started doing microdermabrasion to keep all the makeup and dirt out of my pores. And when I'm traveling, I'll always grab a moisturizing face mask.
I get travel-sized versions of all of my essentials. That way, I can stay on the same routine whether I'm home or on the road.
In my opinion, it's all about the song and the performance, not the gender.
I'm basically always writing. Why wouldn't I? I love it.
My first artist bus was Jason Aldean's old bus, with deer antlers over the lights and cowhide on the back of the couches. It was such an absolute dude bus.
It took a while to learn to eat healthy on road. It's really hard. Really, really hard. But on the bus, I can use the stovetop in the morning to make a veggie scramble. And have lots and lots and lots of coffee. I try to have protein for dinner so I have energy for the show.
I try to exercise when I'm on road - I really do try - but I also try not to push myself too hard. I just try to move.
