American,Author
You can't really be strong until you see a funny side to things.
It's time to move on to the next step in the psychedelic revolution. We've reached a certain point, but we're not moving any more.
Nowhere else in history has there ever been a flag that stands for the right to burn itself. This is the fractal of our flag. It stands for the right to destroy itself.
I'd rather be a lightning rod than a seismograph.
When we first broke into that forbidden box in the other dimension, we knew we had discovered something as surprising and powerful as the New World when Columbus came stumbling onto it.
You've got to get out and pray to the sky to appreciate the sunshine; otherwise you're just a lizard standing there with the sun shining on you.
The '60s aren't over; they won't be over until the Fat Lady gets high.
Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.
The truth doesn't have to do with cruelty, the truth has to do with mercy.
You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case.
The trouble with super heroes is what to do between phone booths.
Listen, wait, and be patient. Every shaman knows you have to deal with the fire that's in your audience's eye.
Loved. You can't use it in the past tense. Death does not stop that love at all.
Ritual is necessary for us to know anything.
The frontiers we broke into in the '60s are still largely unexplored.
The Republican consciousness has no integrity and it falls apart once you check it out. If you're a Christian, why would you want to fry this dude?
There's something about taking a plow and breaking new ground. It gives you energy.
Tricker the Squirrel is the best piece I ever wrote. It's intricate.
When Shakespeare was writing, he wasn't writing for stuff to lie on the page; it was supposed to get up and move around.
To hell with facts! We need stories!
Leary can get a part of my mind that's kind of rusted shut grinding again, just by being around him and talking.
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.
If grass were legalized, it would help our drug problem enormously.
The fundamentalists have taken the fun out of the mental.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
The Grateful Dead are our religion. This is a religion that doesn't pay homage to the God that all the other religions pay homage to.
