American,Celebrity
Every woman is sexy in her own way. It is up to men to step up and make women feel like they are No. 1 on that list. There is no such thing as perfection.
In my heart, I will always love Hef and Playboy.
I've only fallen in love once, and once was enough for me, but that doesn't mean my eyes won't wander, and it doesn't mean I won't flirt!
I don't want to be linked to anything negative. I don't want negative energy. I want everything positive around me.
My body back at the Playboy mansion was the most important thing in life back then because we were in the spotlight every minute. We had to look good. The girls who gained the weight, those were the girls who didn't get the work.
I'm very fun; I like to have fun, and I don't like to take life too serious, so of course everybody saw me as the outgoing fun one and the crazy one.
I never, ever see myself as a celebrity or famous, so I poke fun at that.
There are curveballs that are thrown at you, and you just have to get over it and forgive... if you believe you're perfect, and you don't believe in forgiveness, you're not meant to be married.
I moved into the Playboy Mansion at 18 years old.
I learned that being husband and wife is just a label. It becomes, 'Do you really care about the person, the human underneath the label?' And I do, and I really do.
Anything negative, I have to let go because it's too toxic for me.
All I wanted was for my mom to say, 'I love you, and I'm here for you.' I never got that.
I've done everything I can in my life to be the best person I can be, and I can look in the mirror and say that.
I can entertain. I am a party girl. I am a free spirit.
When I do see a picture of myself that has been touched up too much, I do get a bit sad... it makes me look like a hypocrite. It breaks my heart. I would rather shoot a magazine and shoot my flaws, but that's not up to me.
I'm trying to put the past to rest, but things just keep popping up to just pull me back in.
The best date would have to be at a sporting event - it will show the guy what type of girl she is.
I believe in spirits, not ghosts.
Writing is something that's great because you get to write every thought that's on your mind; you take your time.
While I didn't have a father around, I did have - and what I want my children to both experience - the ability to explore, experiment and enjoy life as a kid.
Given the news we all read or hear about, it's actually made me a stronger parent - I'm not a 'helicopter parent,' but I am very aware of local and world events and want to teach them what's right and wrong.
I gained about 60 pounds when I was preggers with Lil Hank, and I'm desperately trying not to do the same with our daughter.
I learned to cook because I want to know about the food and the ingredients going into my family's bodies.
I get to teach my daughter what I've learned. I don't want her to feel she has to be a certain way to impress society. If she wants to spit or go play some ball, I'll be so proud, because that's who I am, and that's a real person.
You can't get more glamorous than you are on 'Dancing with the Stars.'
I live my life on TV - it's like a home video.
I was actually more of a baseball and Padres fan when I was younger.
I like to save my money for buying houses.
I do not. I don't bet.
Flossin' is a term like when you're 'fly.' It's like, 'I floss. I walk around with my head up; no one can touch me.'
After giving birth, I never brushed my hair, my teeth, or took a shower. I looked in the mirror one day and was really depressed.
I am a complete wuss.
I quit 'Splash!' because I couldn't dive off a 3 m. board.
I cannot be bored, and I always want to have fun.
I'm a goofball.
I actually don't DVR. I don't even know if I know how to use it!
One thing I don't do is quit.
When I was a teenager, I battled some severe depression.
I never, ever see myself as a celebrity or famous.
I'm very aware of how quickly my career could end.
I have no talent. I have nothing to offer.
I have so much to offer and so much love and emotion to show.
During my grandma's funeral, I looked over once and saw my mom crying, and I felt so bad for her.
They're always saying that tragedy brings family closer, but unfortunately, sometimes it doesn't work like that.
I deserve a mom.
When my grandma passed away, the one person I prayed for was my mom. I just hope that she finds peace. I hope she believes in a loving life.
I work very hard... I love to show what I work so hard to do.
I'm not a girl who's into home comforts and luxury.
My whole life has been on TV.
There's not one minute of my life that hasn't been documented. How do I feel about that? I would feel extremely bad about not having it on camera. That's how natural it is to me.
I believe we all grow because we share our experiences and our problems. We all have our intimate times. Why not share them?
I'll be the best person and mother, everything I can be.
I can say, out of my whole life, my dad left the situation at an early age for me; he left. But my mum turned her back on me.
I'm a fearful person. I'm afraid of everything.
The best dating advice I can give is... are you going in it for marriage, or are you going in it for just a date? You've got to be open about it right away, because the other person could be in it for marriage, but you're not.
People get so riled up, and they wanna fight shows, but all they have to do is turn it off, and you see what happens? The show goes off. That's all you have to do. You don't have to fight anybody. You don't have to hold up signs.
I'm a softball player. I'm a soccer player. I played tennis every day. I love being outside.
I don't see any harm with coming out and talking about your life and talking about problems and talking about things that happened when you're past certain situations.
My pregnancy was a free for all. I had no boundaries. I just ate, ate, ate. I just said, 'This is my time, these are my nine months; I can just have fun. How big can I really get?' Sixty pounds! I gained 60 pounds!
Being a lead role in a play in Vegas? Like, come on! How much bigger can it get?
I can't manipulate anybody's minds.
I'm used to the public knowing me, knowing about me.
