American,Businessman
They can't do without electricity. They can do with less electricity.
The last thing I would have ever expected to happen to me in my life would be that, in fact, I would be accused of doing something wrong and maybe even something criminal.
The transmission systems are still regulated.
Am I a fool? I don't think I'm a fool. But I think I sure was fooled.
There are no accounting issues, no trading issues, no reserve issues, no previously unknown problem issues.
I take full responsibility for what happened at Enron. But saying that, I know in my mind that I did nothing criminal.
There are absolutely no problems that had anything to do with Jeff's departure.
We don't break the law.
Jeff knew full well what he was walking away from. Again, he needed to deal with this right away.
Investors don't like uncertainty.
When there's uncertainty they always think there's another shoe to fall. There is no other shoe to fall.
Any slots at the senior level, including CEO or other slots, will be filled internally.
We need someone who is a strong representative of our value system.
I have to take responsibility for anything that happened within its businesses.
But I can't take responsibility for criminal conduct of somebody inside the company.
I mean, our primary businesses in wholesale pipelines, utilities, retail, were all doing extremely well.
But the most important thing is, Enron did not cause the California crisis.
Our liquidity is fine. As a matter of fact, it's better than fine. It's strong.
But certainly I didn't know he was doing anything that was criminal.
I don't think I'm a criminal, number one.
Trillions of dollars every day are being exchanged around the world in all of the financial markets.
Today, there are also buyers and sellers of all these energy commodities, just like there are buyers and sellers of food commodities and many other commodities.
We use competitive markets to arrange for delivery of our food supply.
The problems in California have been that it's been very difficult to site and build new power plants.
Well, rates would go up whether you deregulate or not, and of course, the rates that are going up right now on the electricity side are still within the regulated framework.
You'll have lower prices under deregulation than you will through regulation.
