American,Athlete
My job is to be fit and I'm really blessed that I get to go and work out and live a really healthy lifestyle.
The balancing act of motherhood and a career, and being a wife, is something that I don't think I'll ever perfect, but I love the challenge of it.
I used to sleep, eat, breathe volleyball. Now I have that with my kids.
There's no shame in a bronze medal. I used to think that, and I'm so ashamed of thinking that because there's so much joy and hard work and love in this.
In my heart, I'm so far from done.
I think the No. 1 thing that helps me get through every single day is the support of my friends and my family.
It's the best thing in the world, the most challenging thing in the world, being a parent, and one of the first lessons I learned was to ask for help.
My mom is a constant in my life in so many ways.
I want to win a gold medal in London.
The advice I will give my children, if and when they have Olympic aspirations, will be to go for it.
Growing up, Michael Jordan was my Olympic hero.
There's only one way to prepare for playing beach volleyball, and that's by getting in the sand.
Generally, I'll have three training sessions a day.
My mother is my biggest role model, and she showed me how to do it right. She was very present in our lives and has a great career of her own. Same with my father. So I knew it was possible going in to stay closely connected to my children while also chasing big dreams. And it's given me great perspective.
Prior to having babies, I thought - I thought I was so busy, and now I realize just how ignorant I was.
There's worse things in life than to put sunscreen on. It means I'm going to work, which is on the beach, which is pretty wonderful.
We're a pretty open-book family; we kind of lead with our hearts. There's nothing to hide.
No one behind you gets the appreciation they deserve.
In this journey, the fear creeps in from time to time. The hint of that is there because there's an unknown factor to everything. That's true in everyone's life. I don't choose to live there; I let it spark me.
The original way to play beach volleyball was in a bikini and board shorts, and I don't know what else they want us to wear.
When it comes to beach volleyball, we're playing in 100-degree-plus weather.
