American,Actor
I haven't lived a perfect life. I have regrets. But that's from a lifetime of taking chances, making decisions, and trying not to be frozen. The only thing that I can do with my regrets is understand them.
Being a celebrity is probably the closest to being a beautiful woman as you can get.
I haven't tried to buffer myself. I like rolling the dice.
I don't give up. I'm a plodder. People come and go, but I stay the course.
You have to pick the stories that you want to be involved with and the end game is you'd like to be a part of a hit. But I think your moral obligation is to follow your own heart.
We still live with this unbelievable threat over our heads of nuclear war. I mean, are we stupid? Do we think that the nuclear threat has gone, that the nuclear destruction of the planet is not imminent? It's a delusion to think it's gone away.
I believe people who go into politics want to do the right thing. And then they hit a big wall of re-election and the pettiness of politics. In the end, politics gets in the way of the business of people.
If you're going to tear down a hero, you should never forget that you're tearing down someone else's hero. You're tearing down somebody else's son. You might have to face her one day.
You're this rat in the American maze, working your way towards the cheese, which is a job.
You have to decide if you're going to wilt like a daisy or if you're just going to go forward and live the life that you've been granted.
I'm only interested in being a good actor and in being remembered for my best films, not for the way I look. But it seems inevitable in this line of work that I have to care about the way I look without getting obsessed about it.
If it's going to be wrecked, I want to make sure I wreck it.
I work for the public, for the people who are paying to go to the cinema, rather than for the critics.
When I make a film I'm away from home for two to three months. So I want my kids to look at my films one day and say, I love his movies, I love his choices-because he loved them.
I stand up for what I believe. I don't know if it's always paid off for me, because I've been ridiculed and humiliated.
I've had some movies that have been ridiculed, but that's OK with me. I don't feel that really defines me. Should I change who I am to be popular?
When I see my children, and when I see the people who value me, I know how lucky I am.
If you're willing to tell somebody that you love them, are you also willing to say you're sorry? You need to, even when you think you're in the right.
If you don't understand your limitations you won't achieve much in your life.
You just do the things that you love and see if other people can like them too.
When I read Thirteen Days I was moved by it. It was just a great time for the world, in terms of looking back in history and seeing how we got ourselves into trouble and how we got ourselves out of trouble.
In America, politicians do whatever to get re-elected, and a lot of decisions that were being made at that time by Kennedy were certain not to get him re-elected.
I've been around where I knew other actors were going to steal the scene, and I don't compete with them.
When I played Robin Hood, I knew the great role was Alan Rickman's and it didn't bother me. I always think that leading actors should be called the best supporting actors.
I'm a pretty convenient foil for a lot of people.
I enjoy sports. I get a real joy from playing sports but I don't look for those movies. Oliver Stone wanted to know if I would do Any Given Sunday and it just didn't appeal to me.
When I do a Western, I often wonder what I would have really done in that situation.
I split my time between Santa Barbara and Aspen. I live on a pretty fast horse.
There's real drama in performing live. You never know how it's going to be.
I want to live forever, and I know I won't. I'm not afraid of dying. I'm only afraid of one thing: not being able to raise my kids.
I'm in a position where whatever I do, I can get my head handed to me. I'm in a position to fail because there is a whole group of people out there who want me to fail. It's a weird vibe.
I like four-hour movies.
You have to try to dismiss the loudness of cynicism. It's certainly going to come.
I don't have a seller's remorse about how I've lived.
I've always known that I'm a little out of vogue.
I was sucked into this vortex of a very conservative upbringing.
I had a difficult time hearing my own inner voice about what I wanted to be in this life, because there were all these perfect examples of what a man actually does. The notion is that he goes to college, gets married and provides. That's what a man does.
I like American history.
I am a really writer-oriented actor.
I try to please myself. I don't try to anticipate what people want to see.
