American,Politician
There is a difficult leap between talking about balancing the budget and actually doing it.
I think it is a mistake to withdraw from Trans-Pacific Partnership because if America abandons the Asia Pacific markets, we'll lose.
This bill, the Sound Dollar Act, is all about looking forward about the role the Fed should play.
I've spent my whole life before coming to Congress as a Chamber of Commerce manager. What that means is you help start small businesses, help them grow in good times and bad.
We're going to have to find a way to serve our constituents and our taxpayers better and quicker and more accurately with fewer workers. I'm convinced we can do it and we don't have a choice.
What we lack is a good, strong business climate with lower taxes, fairer regulation.
And again, President Obama's health care plan really is another drag on the economy. Until we get Washington out of the way, this president's recovery is going to continue to rank dead last.
Our focus is on ensuring America has the strongest economy in the world for the next 100 years and to do that, we need to get to the role of the Federal Reserve and we need to get it right.
And I am convinced that a single focus on preserving the purchasing power of the dollar, in effect, guarding against inflation or deflation, actually creates a solid foundation for the greatest job growth and the strongest economy that America can have.
Here's my thinking: Since tax reform only occurs once a generation, let's not tweak what we have and call it a day.
Dave Camp, in my view, made tax reform inevitable in the sense that he showed you could broaden the base and lower the rates and simplify the code and be competitive around the world and make it more understandable.
The Fed contributed to the financial crisis, keeping interest rates too low for too long. I give them credit for responding and stabilizing the economy and the financial sector during the crisis. But then they tried to do too much with quantitative easing that went on forever, just dramatically exploding their balance sheets.
Under Obamacare - which placed 159 federal agencies, commissions, and bureaucracies between patients and doctors - patients not only face dramatically higher health care costs, they've also lost the power to choose the options right for them.
Our broken tax code is one of the main reasons the United States lags behind when it comes to economic growth, job creation, and competitiveness. Without pro-growth tax reform, our workers and our businesses will continue to suffer.
If we truly want to achieve lasting economic growth, we need our businesses to do more business - and we need them to do it in America.
At the end of the day, Republican-driven tax reform is not only going to be good for the economy and for growth. It's going to be good for middle-class Americans.
If we were starting from scratch, there's no question a simple retail consumption tax with protections for those with lower incomes would drive the economy the best and be the simplest to administer.
South Dakota, like a lot of rural states, small states, there are small cities with a very big work ethic, very common sense approach. That has certainly shaped me.
It's just wrong to work your whole life to build up a nest egg, build your own business - you pass away, and Uncle Sam can swoop in and take away nearly half of everything you've earned. Can you imagine that? Having to sell off most of your land just to keep it from the government, just to save the house.
America's tax code is beyond repair. Tinkering with it won't work. The only hope is a bold tax-reform plan that will liberate our nation from the slow-growth status quo and jump-start a new era of American prosperity and growth.
I want to give consumers way more choices in health care. Choice and competition always drive down costs better than central control.
The world has changed. It's not enough to simply buy American; we have to sell American, sell our products and goods and services throughout this world.
I've always intuitively liked the consumption-tax model.
I'm a strong-and-stable-dollar advocate, and the Fed has been moving dangerously away from that mission.
When American workers are losing their jobs to people in other countries, Washington cannot afford to ignore this disturbing trend any longer. While Democratic presidential candidates want to just blame U.S. corporations, the reality is that their strategy won't help protect American workers or save their jobs.
It's time to permanently lower America's tax gate so that the $2 trillion in stranded U.S. profits can flow back into America to be invested in new jobs, research and growth.
