American,Actor
I'll spend time playing 'Call of Duty' and 'Medal of Honor.'
I do real estate.
I was called Matt Dillon's brother my whole career basically until 'Entourage' broke me free of that and now people call me Johnny Drama instead.
I just always loved pinball.
I'm a big fan of comedians not having to apologize for anything. Nowadays it seems comedians are always apologizing for being funny.
It's hard to walk down the street without 'Entourage' comments, and that's all nice.
I've learned how to make a nice souffle, a little mac and cheese.
I have to do so many scenes cooking that I wanted to learn how to chop like I know what I'm doing and do certain things around the kitchen that look right.
People wouldn't hire me for comedies. They would say, 'Oh, he doesn't do comedy,' and now it's really all I do.
I thought I'd miss cursing, but I actually don't. I still feel like I can get my point across without real harsh language.
I've got plenty of advice from a number of other actors. Me? I don't give advice.
I really enjoy acting. I feel I'm getting better and better with each movie I make.
In 'War Party,' I play a quarter-breed Indian. It's a serious movie, but it's funny, too.
Before 'Entourage,' I couldn't get a sitcom.
I love the Discovery Channel, man!
I wouldn't mind having a nice little restaurant.
I think oysters are overrated, and I don't love the texture.
I live out here in Malibu, where I can see the stars. So I want to get a really nice telescope so I can look at the stars a little bit more.
The moment when you find out when you shoot the pilot - getting the pilot is a small victory. You shoot the pilot, and when you get picked up, that's a huge victory right there.
I guess Tom Cruise - everything he does, everything he touches, is kind of a success.
I don't go out that often. I'm not going to clubs or anything.
I know a lot of really good actors - tons, just tons - who I still don't know why they don't work all the time because they're that good. It's just a weird business, and I know a lot of actors who shouldn't be working, but they work all the time.
I enjoy fatherhood.
I have great tenants. They've all become my friends. They call me and say, 'Hey Kev, we've got a drip!'
I was a class clown, but I'm not a bully.
I'm a good Catholic - most of the time.
