American,Coach
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.
I'm getting sick and tired of doing anything half-way.
The secret is to work less as individuals and more as a team. As a coach, I play not my eleven best, but my best eleven.
The essence of football was blocking, tackling, and execution based on timing, rhythm and deception.
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.
When you were riding on the crest of a wave, youwere most likely to be missing out on something.
There is no need for me continuing unless I'm able to improve.
Football is a game played with arms, legs and shoulders but mostly from the neck up.
Winning to often is as disastrous as losing too often. Both get the same results, the falling off of the public's enthusiasm.
On the road we're somebody else's guests - and we play in a way that they're not going to forget we visited them.
It isn't necessary to see a good tackle. You can hear it.
Yes, I now that you feel you are not strong enough. That's what the enemy thinks too. But we're gonna fool them.
Win or lose, do it fairly.
Show me a good and gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.
One loss is good for the soul, Too many losses is not good for the coach.
Drink the first. Sip the second slowly. Skip the third.
Four years of football are calculated to breed in the average man more of the ingredients of success in life than almost any academic course he takes.
You know, I've been attending so many banquets that I know what they're going to serve before I get there.
Play like you're positive on the victory, even though they're leading big now.
I've found that prayers work best when you have big players.
We count on winning. And if we lose, don't beef. And the best way to prevent beefing is - don't lose.
We can all be geniuses because one definition of genius is the infinite capacity for taking pains.
Most men, when they think they are thinking, are merely rearranging their prejudices.
Let's win one for the Gipper.
I enjoy talking to my football men and my chemistry classes and I feel sure that they are quite interested in what I have to say.
At home we're the hosts, and I never liked the idea of being embarrased in front of our friends.
