American,Musician
Don't follow a trend. Follow your heart.
This band is a real collaboration, and I'm greatful to anybody who can appreciate our music. It doesn't have to be a certain kind of fan or person or anything. I think there's a little bit of something for everybody on this record.
If you've got a guitar and a lot of soul, just bang something out and mean it. You're the superstar.
I live out in the country now and it's quiet and it's a place where I can think a lot.
Let's keep the music with us. We'll always have it.
Our idea is simply to play the songs and to emphasize our musicianship.
Theodore Roethke was a poet I was raised with so he has a lot of sentimental value for me.
It felt like being in the center of the world, and I felt like I was a witness to history and I knew that the whole world was watching on television. So, I could feel the collective consciousness of the world focused on this little strip of land called Seattle.
And Seattle isn't really crazy anymore. It's a big dot-com city.
But remember, guitar players are a dime a dozen.
But this is pretty new for me, both songwriting and singing.
But whenever history is in the making, there's some kind of intangible feeling.
I can't remember the last time I looked at a Nirvana web site.
I kind of discovered my voice for the first time, and the more I did it, the better it got.
I think pot should be legalized, but I think the promotion of party culture is irresponsible.
I'm just really happy, because I think we're a great band, and I really like great bands.
Mike Watt and I had the same teacher. Mr. Tanaka.
No band is special, no player royalty.
We remember Kurt for what he was: caring, generous and sweet.
I'm really into Sweet 75 right now, and I dig playing Nirvana, don't get me wrong. Even if Kurt never died, more than likely I'd be in Sweet 75 today still.
We asserted ourselves as a music community, and showed legislators that music is positive. Especially if you've sold 300 million records worldwide and pay taxes.
We're all players and musicians and we sure all get along good. We just clicked right off the bat. We started playing and then we almost immediately started recording.
But my role is to just apply the skills I've learned over the years: you listen to the guitar, you listen to the vocal melodies, you listen to the rhythm, and you come up with something that helps you take the song somewhere.
I don't know about the time those songs were written. But he was jamming with someone in Colorado or San Francisco, and I'm sure he was working on the lyrics right up to the show because they were really relevant for the situation.
I wanted to stimulate thought instead of throwing things out or try to give a perspective. I just put stuff up and it's up for two or three weeks and I get tired of it, so I take it down and put something else up.
Just the other day I pulled out this old cassette of Ragged Glory and I popped it into my cassette player and I was digging it. They were just a great rock and roll band, one that presents the song ahead of everything else - there's no grand idea or concept behind it.
