American,Actress
I just try to take it as it comes. One autograph at a time.
Believe in and follow your dreams.
I worked with a mime coach. I did weapons training. I did weight training.
Playing a robot is possibly the most difficult role you can have as an actor, because you have to take all your innate emotional responses and completely suppress them. Even the way you walk is affected.
I think that you have to present an image that is... true to you, and... the way you would like to be perceived, so I think that through the years I've worked really hard at trying to create an image that is true to me.
I definitely felt that I was put at a very high place to be able to be a part of such a wonderful franchise in cinema history, so I was definitely very driven at doing a great job and having my body look the way it should and just being a part of the creative process.
I'd like to do something a little different. Something a little less intense. I'm not sure what it's going to be yet. For the first time in my life, it's great to have choices, but I think I have to be very careful in choosing the right next project.
People were actually approaching me on the street and thinking that I was an athlete. They couldn't quite place it, but a runner, or swimmer or something.
Your body has such a memory.
I started acting when I was 13 in New York. Worked there for a couple years, then auditioned for a show there that was going to be filming here. Ended up coming out, getting the job and just staying.
I think I can try the film world out for a while.
I'd like to go to Brazil I think. Do a little South America trip.
I can appreciate anybody's passion for anything.
I don't have a dishwasher, and I hate washing dishes.
I never really was much of a practical jokester or anything.
Acting is what I've pursued since I was a child.
I'm almost six feet tall and have a deep voice. People never knew how to cast me.
I always try to make myself be very approachable and easy to talk to, so hopefully people will feel that they can approach me.
I would definitely like to have a family, and whether that's with a man or a woman doesn't really matter to me. I've already got my friend who's going to be the donor, so that's taken care of. Just give me a few years and we'll go from there.
I connect with an aura, with energy. And if the person with whom I connect happens to be a female, that's just the way it is.
