American,Actor
I believe in fate. Sometimes that means an old bearded guy sitting on a cloud and pulling the strings; sometimes it means random atoms swirling through a cheerless universe; sometimes it means everything being preordained thanks to your karma credit from your previous lives.
Sometimes for an afternoon snack, I'll get some tortilla chips and half an avocado, and I'll just eat that like guacamole.
I always think of the Pacific Northwest as giant trees and rain and clouds and dampness, like the Native American art from that area. That all says Pacific Northwest to me. Salmon. It really only exists on the Western side of the Cascades.
My workout is my meditation.
The fact 'Twin Peaks' had a life at all took most of us in the cast by surprise. We thought it would be too unusual for network television. The original intention was that it would be a two-hour movie. If the network didn't want to pick it up as a series, it could just show that. But ABC took a chance.
If I'm going to make something in the kitchen, even if it's something as simple as a sandwich, I will take the extra time to make it a great sandwich instead of just an average sandwich. I don't mind investing a little extra work to make something special.
I'd like to do more Shakespeare. I'd like to do Iago in Othello. I look so benign. It would be interesting to see that black evil come out of my soul.
I try to travel as light as possible to avoid baggage issues. Los Angeles airport is notorious for baggage delays, so I'll often FedEx a suitcase ahead or back so I don't need to stand around; it also minimises problems at check-in.
Becoming a father increases your capacity for love and your level of patience. It opens up another door in a person - a door which you may not even have known was there. That's what I feel with my son. There's suddenly another level of love that expands. My son is my greatest joy, out of everything in my life.
I'd love to visit South America, especially Argentina, as I'm a winemaker myself. They do a fantastic malbec, so it would be a dream to sample their grapes. New Zealand would be great, too. I'm a golfer, so it would combine both my loves.
Most actors are pretty adaptable because we work with so many directors.
Actors have an unusual perspective on clothing. You've really got to know the impact of what you're wearing on the character you're playing.
Hamlet is a little daunting.
Hollywood is not good when it comes to age.
I get very caught up with things. I used to be dominated by domestic things. I had a lovely house in LA-and it became this growing, mad obsession.
I questioned everything. I didn't see a character developed in Platoon at all. The character in Blue Velvet was much more fascinating to me.
I really fight for my privacy.
I've done Graham Norton's show three times now. He tackles taboos and subject matter that wouldn't make it past the censors in the States.
Lynch is not as strange as his films. He's a complex guy with a very interesting view of the world. But he's very accessible, with a good heart.
The difference with doing a play is that you are in control. In film you are in the hands of the director and the editor and the producer.
The film world is a crazy place to be. You sit around all day waiting for the phone to ring. Are people talking about you or aren't they?
The Monmouth Coffee Shop is the best place in London.
The nice thing about New York is that you're finally able to wear those winter clothes that have been sitting in your closet in mothballs.
I like to go and watch 'Blade Runner,' which made no sense but which I loved going into that world. I think people loved going into the world of 'Dune' with all of its problems.
I'm proud of 'The Hidden.' I feel like we took a B-movie and kind of turned it into an A-minus action movie. We kind of elevated the material a little bit. It's got a great car-chase scene at the very beginning. It has some terrific moments in it, some funny stuff. It's a great rental.
'Dune' was like a giant machine, and it was hard to keep track of all the pieces, but 'Blue Velvet' was a very sleek, compact little experience.
I have an avocado tree at my place in Los Angeles - it's the smoother-skinned one, which tends to be a little stringy. Often the birds or raccoons get the avocados before I can harvest them. I have figs, too, which are great with prosciutto, of course. I have limes and lemons, which I use to make lemonade.
It's amazing to think of the nutritional responsibility you have in cooking for a kid, which then makes you wonder if you're getting enough yourself.
The most appealing thing to me about food is combining and layering flavors, tastes, and textures. So the perfect sandwich has to be toasted. It has to have Emmenthal Swiss cheese and a combination of sweet and savory - some cranberry or fig thing happening - with different kinds of meats like Black Forest ham and roast beef.
I have olive trees and have tried my hand at curing small batches of olives, with varying degrees of success. So sometimes there are leftover olives I use in pasta sauce because they didn't quite make the grade.
I think my wife married me for my guacamole.
I've got German, Cornish and Scottish ancestry. It might help explain my affinity for forests, the sea, and fatty foods.
