American,Athlete
I sure am handsome. I can't lie. This is one handsome guy.
I genuinely want to do my best every day, and I genuinely want to enjoy life every day.
Life isn't perfect, of course, but we all know it's how you react to things that counts.
It's got to be harder in real life to win a World Cup. But depending on if you play World Class level on FIFA, it's going to be difficult to win in the video game, too.
I've never met anybody who says they don't like the World Cup. If you're a soccer fan or not, everybody loves watching it, and I think it could be the same for other sports.
Men are sort of doofuses about sunscreen, and for the most part, women are more inclined to take better care of themselves, but a reminder is always good for everyone.
My guess is that if David Beckham wants Ronaldo's jersey, he's going to get it.
I got to say 'Hi' to Dolly Parton, which my mom thought was kind of cool.
Fortunately, I don't spend too much time reading or worrying about what people have to say, but the goal for me throughout this whole process - throughout my whole life - is to try to be happy.
You put a lot of pressure on your defenders to be able to hold the fort when you go forward.
I grew up playing video games. And the cool thing about the EA Sports games is they took me through the whole motion-capture thing, where they put little sensors on my body so the video game really is me. It actually moves the way I move.
Unfortunately, I think there's not enough education about hydration. When I was young, we knew nothing about it. We all know that there's cases of athletes having serious issues because of dehydration and even dying.
I've never asked a player if they would sign my shoe.
As athletes, most of the time we deal with fans cussing at us, saying how much we suck.
As athletes, we all have egos, we all think we can help, and when you're not given that chance, it's hard to watch.
I think where we're still a little bit behind some other countries is just our pure soccer knowledge and our savvy on the field. That takes time and generations that have watched soccer growing up, played the game growing up.
I'm a little skeptical of foreign coaches in our league and in U.S. Soccer just because of how different our league is and our players are than other players around the world.
When you're with your club team, every week you have a performance to judge. But when you're with the national team, it's a little different because you might not play for three or four months at a time. Things change constantly.
I think all players reach a point in their career where it's natural to lose some of that hunger, that desire, to sort of break out or be a star.
I want to be a positive influence. I want to be someone who they want to call in and want here consistently, regardless of my role.
That's a part that's always a challenge for athletes: trying to keep the passion alive while knowing it's still your job. There's no question that at some point, probably sooner rather than later, I'll be pretty burned out. And when that time comes, then I'll take a step back and take a look at it and see if I want to keep going.
I miss driving to Goodison Park. I miss just the positive energy of the fans walking into the stadium and how much they care about that club and the team. And I miss the players a lot.
I know conventional wisdom has always been to go to Europe, and I did that early on, and I tried it, but I realised pretty quickly if I wasn't playing, nothing else mattered - I wasn't going to be happy.
I've always thought it would be interesting to give insight on soccer because I have a lot of experience in my career.
A lot of times I watch sporting events, and there are things I want to say and things I see that don't get said or talked about.
I have to be able to be honest and be credible, and I think I can say, 'This guy did not have his best game today' rather than, 'He is awful and I cannot believe he did that.'
