American,Coach
A winner is someone who recognizes his God-given talents, works his tail off to develop them into skills, and uses these skills to accomplish his goals.
I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
Leadership is getting players to believe in you. If you tell a teammate you're ready to play as tough as you're able to, you'd better go out there and do it. Players will see right through a phony. And they can tell when you're not giving it all you've got.
Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.
I don't know if I practiced more than anybody, but I sure practiced enough. I still wonder if somebody - somewhere - was practicing more than me.
The one thing that always bothered me when I played in the NBA was I really got irritated when they put a white guy on me.
Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It's being able to take it as well as dish it out. That's the only way you're going to get respect from the players.
I wasn't real quick, and I wasn't real strong. Some guys will just take off and it's like, whoa. So I beat them with my mind and my fundamentals.
I like being by myself.
I'm a loner.
What's better? Dogs or broomsticks? I mean will the world really ever know?
It doesn't matter who scores the points, it's who can get the ball to the scorer.
I really don't like talking about money. All I can say is that the Good Lord must have wanted me to have it.
While day by day the overzealous student stores up facts for future use, he who has learned to trust nature finds need for ever fewer external directions. He will discard formula after formula, until he reaches the conclusion: Let nature take its course.
When it gets down to it, basketball is basketball.
I mean, the greatest athletes in the world are African-American.
As far as playing, I didn't care who guarded me - red, yellow, black. I just didn't want a white guy guarding me, because it's disrespect to my game.
If there was a payment to the bank due, and we needed shoes, she'd get the shoes, and then deal with them guys at the bank. I don't mean she wouldn't pay the bank, but the children always came first.
But it is a black man's game, and it will be forever.
The best player I ever played with was Dennis Johnson.
The best players will play. That's the way it will always be.
I've been around a while. I kinda know these things.
Once you are labeled 'the best' you want to stay up there, and you can't do it by loafing around.
It's been a journey, the NBA. It's taken me a lot farther than I ever expected.
I used to love the feeling of running, of running too far. It made my skin tingle.
When I was a kid, I never thought about anything. Never had to think about where I was going to school or what I was going to do. I just lived minute to minute.
