American,Musician
I consider the homeless just as important as the richest of the rich.
The word 'empower' is something that kept coming up in my heart.
I definitely don't ever plan on compromising, and if that means I'm rebellious, then so be it. I'm all for it.
In South Louisiana, every single thing we do is jazz or zydeco.
If we show people that fear isn't actually the place that we have to surrender to, fear isn't actually the thing that we have to answer to, but instead, it's going in and loving people.
When I was about 18, I really started diving into Dave Matthews Band and John Mayer Trio and some of those things that have jazz elements but also a pop feel.
I want God to be speaking louder than the music.
My hope is that people experience the music and, in that, something works in them, that they realise how exceptional they are. Maybe that it inspires them to do something great in their own lives.
I want to be a good steward and make sure what's in my heart is what God wants, and then once it's done and released, at that point it's up to God and what he does on the back end.
Being from South Louisiana, we're just kind of rootsy.
I definitely don't want to only make music in the Christian genre. I want to expand and kind of dive into whatever else is in store. But that doesn't mean I don't love what I get to do as well.
I get so full off of stories that people send in of encouragement.
I grew up listening to country music with my dad on the way to school.
We, as Christians, have a legacy to leave, and it's all about a love of Christ to permeate the music and reach the hearts of all of the people out there, that don't know him and do know him.
When I was little, I would sing all around the house.
I loved Celine Dion. I loved Whitney Houston and these big powerhouse vocals.
You have to know your identity. It's the biggest thing in wanting to pursue creative dreams.
There's nothing wrong with wanting to be the best, but when it takes over the joy in the moment, and the joy in the journey, then that's where there's an internal tension. And I have to surrender that.
I love co-writing. That whole process is a challenge in that good writers are pushing you.
Seriously, my heart is to just go forward as far as I can, making music that I love and seeing where the journey takes me.
When I go back to Louisiana, I want to be the same person that my friends remember me as. It's so important to me.
Someday, I hope to do a jazz club tour.
When I was younger, I would set up Grammy parties at my house where I would invite all of my friends over, and my whole family would sit in the living room glued to the TV. But I would just dream of someday going there, and I would watch the red carpet interviews over and over and study what was happening.
I have known in my heart since I was a little girl that music was a major part of my life and always would be, but seeing others respond to the words I sing amazes me.
The most incredible part of seeing people embrace and recognize my music is experiencing the lives of people when they are powerfully affected, encouraged, and personally impacted.
My goal is always to just do my best and hope that the people who find my music also find God in the process.
