American,Actress
One of things I like about looking at pictures when you're young and also meeting back with old friends you haven't seen in a long time is, for me, it's a glimpse of who I was.
In my deepest parts of sadness, I'm always making a joke or being sarcastic.
My mother told me to raise my kids with calculated neglect. They get their self-worth from doing what they can do and not having everything done for them.
I think it's really hard to understand the depths and the power of the love that someone has for their children unless you really have children.
I'm always really excited to try something new in my profession that I haven't done yet.
And I definitely gravitate toward people who use laughter to pull themselves out of the abyss.
I love really crappy carnivals, where you think the ride is going to break. There's something so seedy about them.
It's hard not to want to strangle people when you work with them for four years.
'Caroline In The City' was such an interesting thing, because I'd never been on the set of a sitcom or even auditioned for a sitcom when they gave me that part.
'Red Dawn' was really the most fun I ever had making a movie, because I love Westerns, and I love the idea of being a tomboy, and riding horses and shooting guns.
'Howard the Duck!' That's a really interesting movie. I appreciate my career, because I've had a lot of very interesting ups and downs, and most people... That movie is such a famous flop. In a land of a lot of flops, it's kind of awesome to be in a really famous flop. I mean, it's kind of a poster child for flops.
Of course, I'd like to produce and direct a blockbuster, but you gotta build up to that. So now I'm learning from a bunch of little movies. And it's more fun with smaller pictures. It's more creative.
One thing the futurists never get right, though, is that the extreme desire for polyester only lasted a brief period in the '70s!
'Red Dawn' was very resonant with a lot of people - they love that movie. I always thought it was a little hysterical.
The whole experience of doing a sitcom is... Telling jokes with such precision is really exciting, but it's also terrifying.
Usually, you don't really end up lifelong buddies with your co-stars.
It's actually shocking to me how hard it's been to get back into the movie business.
So when my film career took off, I always felt like I was trying to play catch-up because I hadn't studied acting before. I didn't know how to manage money or my career. When I look back, I think I was a little bit shell-shocked.
Sitcoms are usually given short shrift by the acting profession, but it's quite an amazing job.
'Howard The Duck' has a lot of fans, and usually when they come up to me, I just think they're the coolest. Because it takes a lot of strength, a lot of perseverance to love 'Howard the Duck.'
You're sexy when you're young. You've got it going on, and then you have your kids, and you give your whole life to your kids, and then they're kind of gone, and like, what do you do? You've got to fight to stay inspired, and you've got to fight to learn new things and stay young in your heart.
I'm not overweight, but I'm not in shape at all. I do not work out.
I have to read something positive every single day. I have to have faith that the day is unfolding in a way that is going to be useful to somebody else... For me, living every day in gratitude has been profound for me.
I hate when people don't hear the actual words out of your mouth or even the intent of it. They just hear something completely different.
I don't like a class system. I don't like the idea of being in a different class than other people.
I enjoy learning about the new technologies. I enjoy getting to know the new fans and dealing with them on their turf.
