American,Athlete
You have to be able to accept failure to get better.
I treated it like every day was my last day with a basketball.
I like criticism. It makes you strong.
You can't be afraid to fail. It's the only way you succeed - you're not gonna succeed all the time, and I know that.
I have short goals - to get better every day, to help my teammates every day - but my only ultimate goal is to win an NBA championship. It's all that matters. I dream about it. I dream about it all the time, how it would look, how it would feel. It would be so amazing.
When you have that respect from your teammates, it makes it a lot more comfortable.
I laugh and joke, but I don't get distracted very easily.
I'm going to use all my tools, my God-given ability, and make the best life I can with it.
My mom and I have always been there for each other. We had some tough times, but she was always there for me.
But sports carried me away from being in a gang, or being associated with drugs. Sports was my way out.
You know, when I have a bad game, it continues to humble me and know that, you know, you still have work to do and you still have a lot of people to impress.
I think, team first. It allows me to succeed, it allows my team to succeed.
You know, God gave me a gift to do other things besides play the game of basketball.
I do have motivation. A lot of motivation.
I always say, decisions I make, I live with them. There's always ways you can correct them or ways you can do them better. At the end of the day, I live with them.
I make impact plays. I make game-changing plays.
I don't know how tall I am or how much I weigh. Because I don't want anybody to know my identity. I'm like a superhero. Call me Basketball Man.
Basketball is my passion, I love it. But my family and friends mean everything to me. That's what's important. I need my phone so I can keep in contact with them at all times.
I need music. It's like my heartbeat, so to speak. It keeps me going no matter what's going on - bad games, press, whatever!
Every night on the court I give my all, and if I'm not giving 100 percent, I criticize myself.
Being the only man in the household with my mom definitely helped me grow up fast.
For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home.
As a professional athlete a lot is going to be said about you - but I just try to move forward and try to achieve my goals.
I hate letting my teammates down. I know I'm not going to make every shot. Sometimes I try to make the right play, and if it results in a loss, I feel awful. I don't feel awful because I have to answer questions about it. I feel awful in that locker room because I could have done something more to help my teammates win.
Once you get on the playing field it's not about whether you're liked or not liked. All that matters is to play at a high level and do whatever it takes to help your team win. That's what it's about.
I was a Chicago Bulls, Michael Jordan fan growing up.
I went through a lot of battles in high school.
My game is really played above time. I don't say that like I'm saying I'm ahead of my time. I'm saying, like, if I'm on the court and I throw a pass, the ball that I've thrown will lead my teammate right where he needs to go, before he even knows that that's the right place to go to.
There is a lot of pressure put on me, but I don't put a lot of pressure on myself. I feel if I play my game, it will take care of itself.
As a kid, we would drive up and down 77 North - that's our highway - there would be office buildings on the side of the highway and I'd be like, that's what my house is going to look like when I get older. I'm going to start making my house look like this.
I played football for a team called the East Dragons on the east side of town. We only had six regular season games. And six games I played tail back and I had 18 touchdowns in six games. That's when I knew I had some athletic ability.
When did I know I had talent? I think it started when I first started playing sports, organized sports.
I love watching track and field - the 4x100 relay, the 100-(meter) dash, the 200-(meter) dash. To see what they're able to do, I love watching that.
I'm not going to fight because I mean too much to our team, and I can't afford to be suspended for a game or do something stupid to get me kicked out of a playoff game.
If a great opportunity opens itself up, I would love to be involved... or star in a movie.
No place is better than Akron.
I won at every level - all the way since I started playing the game of basketball at nine. I've won at every level, won championships at every level. And, you know, it won't be fulfilled until I win at the highest level.
I mean, when you grow up in the inner city and you grow up in a single-parent household, that's - those are humbling times, you know?
I'm just a little kid from Akron.
Akron, Ohio, is my home. It will always be remembered. Akron, Ohio, is my life.
I don't want to be called a point guard, but I can't stop it.
I like to get out and get up the court, using my speed and aggressiveness toward the hoop.
I was so used to going out and winning state championships and playing in the postseason.
When I was 5, some financial things happened, and I moved seven times in a year. We moved from apartment to apartment, sometimes living with friends. My mom would always say, 'Don't get comfortable, because we may not be here long.'
In fourth grade, I missed 82 days of school. Out of 160.
When you work out or you're doing anything active, it's more fun as a group. You may lose track of the time, and the next thing you know, you're working out for two hours because you're having fun.
Your teammates give you the confidence. They give me the confidence all year, all postseason.
You know, I'm just 6'9" and 260. And just so happen to be very good at playing the game of basketball.
It's always a struggle growing up in Akron.
