American,Actress
Nobody wants an apology letter 14 years later.
My favorite dessert is banana pudding.
My family is from a tiny town in Alabama. So all I wanted to do was get out of this town.
'Felicity' was my 'Gilmore Girls' because I grew up in a small town.
I can eat Chipotle all day long for years.
The thing is, if you follow whatever meal you have with Coke, it eats up the other things. It helps with the digestion of it.
I had a moment - and I don't know if it was funny, necessarily, but I realized the effect I could have on people - when I was doing a production of 'The Little Prince,' and I played the snake.
I was obsessed with Carol Burnett and then Tracey Ullman. Like, obsessed with their shows.
For me, I met my husband when I was going full steam ahead of what I wanted in my career. We sort of intersected and were like, 'Oh, hi, hello!' We were both on our way somewhere to speak and then just kept going together.
There's nowhere in New York to go and have your emotions to yourself. People just look the other way because every day people see someone crying on the subway!
Don't say yes to something just because it's an opportunity.
I would say to someone, 'Make your own stuff sooner.' Also, it's OK to say no to something if it doesn't feel right.
Forcing people together is an enjoyable conflict to watch, but I think it's even more enjoyable if they love each other.
From the Twitter responses we got with 'Best Friends Forever' and the small feedback we are getting as the show is meted out, I think people are seeing themselves in the show and enjoying seeing female friendship portrayed in the way it really is.
In the summer of 2012 - and we do as we do when we get together to brainstorm an idea - we were both probably eating grilled cheese and watching 'Oprah's Favorite Things,' so it will never end, and we both brought a few things to the table of what we wanted our next project to be. And Jessica said, 'What if we raised a baby together?'
We always thought we wanted to do a show that you could both laugh and cry in thirty minutes, and I don't know that there are that many comedies that try for that.
When I began to study baby delivery, when I was about to have a baby, I became very into it and fascinated and what our body does and how a mother's body temperature will rise the minute that the baby touches her chest because she needs to get warmer.
A lot of television shows, when you see births, the baby is coming out, and the wife is freaking, 'You did this to me!' but she is still super beautiful. There's none of the realism that we just went through.
When we're on Twitter, we're not only live tweeting episodes and talking about behind-the-scenes stuff, we actively try to respond to everybody.
You learn what can become a good joke and can be repeatable. You have a shorthand about how to introduce a joke to someone.
When you get into a fight with your partner or a friend, you usually have some weird, specific thing that you hold on to that you fight about that has nothing to do with what's going on.
It's pretty simple to me: we come from a really grounded world where anything you say could be the thing that the scene becomes about. We're always treating it as if we would treat it in real life. It's all observation.
The interesting thing for 'Playing House' to me is we both are at crossroads in the pilot. We both have our lives kind of upside-down, and then because we're taking care of each other, we're able to move forward and live our best lives.
You grow and you change, or at least you think you do, but you're kind of the same.
We took 'BFF' around to try and take it somewhere else because we were really proud of it, and it had gotten all that critical acclaim, and Twitter fans were going crazy about it.
The USA marketing team are geniuses at what they do. They do the right kind of thing for every medium. They're very active on social media; they're releasing videos every day up to the premiere.
