American,Businessman
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.
Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them.
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life.
Our ability to handle life's challenges is a measure of our strength of character.
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality.
If you fall, fall on your back. If you can look up, you can get up.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
Honor your commitments with integrity.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
We were all born with a certain degree of power. The key to success is discovering this innate power and using it daily to deal with whatever challenges come our way.
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness.
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.
When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up. Let your reason get you back up.
Easy is not an option!
Your ability to communicate is an important tool in your pursuit of your goals, whether it is with your family, your co-workers or your clients and customers.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
