American,Actor
As long as we are engaged in storytelling that moves the culture forward, it doesn't matter what format it is.
I fly my geek flag proudly. Absolutely.
All literature is political.
I'm enormously proud of the fact that Star Trek has really not just sparked an interest, but encouraged, a few generations of people to go into the sciences.
There would be no Star Trek unless there were transporter malfunctions.
I genuinely believe we have an opportunity to revolutionize how we educate our children.
We have an amazing advantage right now in that we have developed technology that is so sexy, so engaging for kids.
And it's here and it's ready and we can really revolutionize the way we educate our children with tablet computers, and I'm committed to doing whatever I can to speaking to whomever I can to send this signal - to pound this message home. Now is the time.
We can't afford to sacrifice another generation of American children to bureaucratic politics. We've got to get it done. The future, the health, the life - our nation depends on it and it's just foolish to think or act otherwise.
It's not about division. It's not about politics. My concern is how do we come together?
It's definitely true that there are a lot of the devices we used on 'Star Trek,' that came out the imagination of the writers, and the creators that are actually in the world today.
This wired generation is kind of cool.
Reading a hard copy book, and reading a book on an iPad are slightly different experiences. What they both have in common though is that you must engage your imagination in the process.
I've always been interested in gadgets and technology and I've always been a reader.
I have always been a fan of 'Star Trek.' I love Gene Roddenberry's vision of the future.
I'm excited to see how current and future technologies revolutionize the way we learn.
It is no longer appropriate for me as an American to sit by and expect my government to get it done.
The unvarnished truth is that we have spent the last decade funding the machinery of war, and our children have been sacrificed.
If we marry educational technology with quality, enriching content, that's a circle of win.
We want a book to be a book. We'll have all the interactive bells and whistles but our intent is to engage young people in reading, not to show them a movie.
We had to figure out how to produce books in a cost-effective way.
Because storytelling, and visual storytelling, was put in the hands of everybody, and we have all now become storytellers.
I get most of my news updates from electronic and social media.
Yeah. I do. I think that we have to continue to expand the areas in which we want our kids to be literate. And social media's going to be a part of their lives. And why not? Why not give them a sense of what the rules of the road are?
