American,Actress
If there's no inner peace, people can't give it to you. The husband can't give it to you. Your children can't give it to you. You have to give it to you.
I was looking very much for a career. My second marriage to Stan Herman had ended, and I wanted very much to be independent, not take alimony from him, be on my own, do the right thing.
I just fell in love with his music. I thought Yanni was Japanese. I didn't have any idea what a Yanni was. I just thought I was in love with a Japanese man who wrote beautiful music.
I was born in Connecticut. But my parents brought my sister and I to L.A. when-Hollywood, actually, when i was 6 months old.
My first speaking part was to read for John Forsythe for Bachelor Father. I was the lead, opposite him.
Aaron Spelling went further than anyone has ever gone for television.
You can take Elvis. You can take Marilyn Monroe. Success and fame will not be the answer if something inside of you is bothering you, if things in your mind aren't going right.
Nobody's got it made. Nobody, no matter what they look like.
I have had work done.
I never saved my money. Whenever I worked in the past, I would spend it on my family or my husbands.
Money to me is just the biggest blessing in the world that allows me freedom.
I always looked for a man to rescue me and bring me happiness. I bought into that myth, of course, and looked for my own Prince Charming.
You cry tears when a man leaves you at any age - it doesn't matter whether you are 20 or 60.
I no longer need to be someone's wife. I'm doing okay as I am.
It doesn't matter if I don't succeed in something, what matters is that I learn from my mistakes.
I wanted to be able to go shopping without people looking to see if I really was one of the world's 10 most beautiful women. I longed to be myself.
I'm not obsessed by how I look or with being reed thin, but I do think that as a woman in my 50s, I have 40 years ahead. Looking after yourself goes hand in hand with looking good.
Right after Dynasty ended I had a facelift and laser surgery to get rid of lines around my eyes.
I didn't want to make a man the No. 1 quest in my life.
I played with dolls until I was 15. My mother encouraged it because my older sister got married when she was 15, so Mom thought that the longer I stayed with dolls, the better.
Find out what you don't want to know about yourself, what you're afraid of.
