American,Musician
I admire people's marriages, and I think it's a wonderful thing to have, but I don't think it's the only way to live. I think there are many ways to live and many ways to establish intimate support in your life that can be from family or friends or great roommates that you like.
The only reason to be with somebody is that they make you a better person and you make them a better person.
In the United States, we spend millions of dollars on sports because it promotes teamwork, discipline, and the experience of learning to make great progress in small increments. Learning to play music does all this and more.
You don't forget you have Parkinson's disease, believe me, especially in the shower. If you are not paying attention, you fall down.
There should not be a question of legal or illegal immigration. People came and immigrated to this country from the time of the Indians. No one's illegal. They should just be able to come.
I can't really walk well. The muscles don't get the electronic signals from my brain, not that there's anything wrong with the muscles themselves. It's just my brain.
I know my own father's business was very dependent on the goodwill and business and trade from people in northern Mexico. We knew their families and went to their weddings and baptisms and balls and picnics, and we had a great time with them.
Art is for healing ourselves, and everybody needs their own personal art to heal up their problems.
Having children makes you see the world in a completely different way. When you're responsible for those little lives, you can't slough it off or forget about it until later.
I had a galvanised voice: I could sing through a 105 fever or a flu or a root canal or anything that you could throw at me.
You don't want people who have never had to deal with adversity - you want people who have been able to deal successfully with adversity. That's what adds to society. Those are going to be the hardest-working, best people.
It's a real conflict for me when I go to a concert and find out somebody in the audience is a Republican or fundamental Christian. It can cloud my enjoyment. I'd rather not know.
I wish I had as much in bed as I get in the newspapers.
I don't think you can look for love. All you can do is get yourself in a situation where you don't discourage something that may be rather nice.
The constant fear of a performer is to become what is reflected back at you.
The thing you have to be prepared for is that other people don't always dream your dream.
Everywhere you go, there's a soundtrack. You can't really quite hear it. It's just a little out of the range of hearing.
I'd go over to my grandmother's house, and she'd be playing opera. They loved opera. Not only did they play it on the radio, but they played it on their piano. Everybody learned how to read music and how to play.
The whole thing with recording is you have to know when to turn off the tape machine and just stop recording because you want to keep fixing, fixing, fixing, you know?
I always thought competition was for horse races and it never belonged in art. I never felt that competitive with other girl singers, really.
Men are very delicate. They don't like being rejected.
I didn't know why I couldn't sing - all I knew was that it was muscular or mechanical. Then, when I was diagnosed with Parkinson's, I was finally given the reason. I now understand that no one can sing with Parkinson's disease. No matter how hard you try. And in my case, I can't sing a note.
Parkinson's is very hard to diagnose. So when I finally went to a neurologist, and he said, 'Oh, you have Parkinson's disease,' I was completely shocked.
I used to feel kind of impatient with people who couldn't do things fast or couldn't remember stuff.
I didn't love Jim Morrison. There was something very reptilian about him. And I didn't care for his singing, but his band! The Doors were fantastic.
I grew up in Arizona. I love it. I'm a part of the desert. I feel like, really, I'm from the Sonoran Desert, which is - extends to both sides of the border. I'm really from that part of Mexico, also. And I hate that there's a fence, you know, running through it.
I never thought of myself as a rock singer. I was interested in songs like 'Heart Like a Wheel,' and I liked the others for about 15 minutes.
I can remember sitting at the piano. My sister was playing, and my brother was singing something, and I said, 'I want to try that.'
I didn't think I was a famous singer. I didn't think I was a star or that I could make the waters part - just that singing was what I was going to do.
I've been lucky in my life to work with people who I consider master singers.
I've never been happy with the quality of my work. I always felt as though my musicianship was lacking and that I should have worked harder at it when I was younger. As I sang and sang, I improved.
People have often written about me, that I did this for this reason and that for that reason, and they're usually 98 percent wrong.
Songwriting wasn't my gift. I think you have to cultivate a gift; you have to practice and develop craft around your gift so that you can execute it in more convenient, efficient ways.
I used to live with J.D. Souther, and I would watch him write. He's be sitting, he'd say something, and then he'd write it down. That's craft.
I'll occasionally go and do an honor like the Mexican-American Legal Defense Fund because it raises money for a very worthy organization.
