American,Journalist
There's so much grey to every story - nothing is so black and white.
The best education I have ever received was through travel.
Coming from an Asian culture, I was always taught to respect my elders, to be a better listener than a talker.
I don't remember my first trip, but I do remember when my mom took me to Disney World in Orlando. It wasn't the rides but Epcot Center that most fascinated me. It made me want to see those countries that are represented there for real.
My hope is that I can somehow raise the level of consciousness about world events.
Try to accomplish things you have always dreamt of while you can. I know it sounds cliche, but the biggest lesson I have learned is that life is precious; enjoy it while it lasts.
We live in a culture where we're bombarded with so much noise and so much insecurity.
We are such a product of our upbringing and environment.
Our time on Earth is so random.
My husband and I try to spend some time every night that I'm home talking without distractions.
Parents are working more than ever before and unable to monitor what kids are eating at home, and schools are selling astronomical amounts of junk food in order to supplement shrinking budgets. It's a ticking time bomb, and America's children are exploding.
I don't know that I'm going to entirely do cloth diapers. I'd like to be ambitious about it, but in all honesty, I can't say that I will.
When you take the time to understand why your parents did the things they did, you stand a good chance of learning more about your own behavior.
I think that's something people need to convey because you see all these celebrity moms out there, and the perception is they can do it all, but they have sooo much help. And it's kind of an unfair image to project for many women, because it is really hard, and if you have help, you should indicate you have help.
I had a planned C-section, and I cried the entire day before I had the baby.
I hadn't wanted to have a kid until I met my partner.
At the end of the day, TV is supposed to be entertaining. But it's important for me that there's some take-away value from it.
I have not watched 'Honey Boo Boo'.
I honestly never had the biological need to reproduce until I met my husband. But by the same token, even if we were unsuccessful, we were totally okay with adopting.
I am a crazy online shopper. My husband always jokes, 'Another box arrived!' Airplanes used to be my sanctuary for reading books, but now I have to peruse Gilt sales.
I'm a big Ping-Pong addict. I love it.
One of the most important things I'm glad we did and am proud of is that we don't have any real grass on our property. It might not be realistic to ask people to pull out their grass, but we'll never have to think about it. We used Smart Grass, and I think it looks beautiful.
Make your relationship your number-one priority.
You should treat your marriage like a business that you wouldn't want to let fail. I'm a big advocate of therapy and third-party intervention.
I had my issues with the Kardashians, absolutely. I think there's so much wrong with how they are the most revered family in the country, but they are, nevertheless.
The city of Oia is the most magnificently romantic place I've ever been.
