American,Politician
We still have billions of barrels in Alaska that sit untapped. There are abundant reserves offshore in the lower 48.
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 brought an end to the ugly Jim Crow period in American history.
I don't fit neatly into anybody's political boxes, and I think that sometimes disturbs people. But I don't think most Alaskans fit neatly into the Republican box or the Democratic box. They don't think of themselves that way.
We can sit between active drilling operations in neighboring countries, complaining that it's too risky to develop our own resources while the world around us does exactly that.
So much of what we do addresses the issues that are associated with climate change, whether it's working to reduce emissions, whether it's working to nail down our renewables, whether it's ensuring great efficiency in accessing all of our energy sources.
I look at my cell phone to see what time it is where I am, and then you behave accordingly. If people are eating, it must be time to eat.
I have nice watches. I don't set them.
Whether it was his ability to turn around the Massachusetts economy or turn around businesses in the private sector, Mitt Romney has demonstrated the leadership that we need in the White House to get the country on the right track.
I am working for Alaska's best interests.
With the notion of marriage - an exclusive, emotional, binding 'til death do you part' tie - becoming more and more an exception to the rule given a rise in cohabitation and high rates of divorce, why should the federal government be telling adults who love one another that they cannot get married simply because they happen to be gay?
America's neighbors are not drilling for fun or for sport; they've chosen to proceed to create new jobs, generate new revenues, and increase the energy supply and prosperity of their citizens.
Alaskans deserve a fighter in the United States Senate who will always stand up for Alaska, who understands our great potential, who has the experience, respect and seniority to accomplish that. I am that senator.
We talk a lot in Congress about how we're going to encourage more development in renewables, and we put in place a subsidy that's good for two years. Then Congress argues and bickers over whether or not we're going to extend it. As a consequence, nothing happens because we've put so much uncertainty into the prospect of these subsidies.
The war against terrorism is one we must win.
Freedom comes from strength and self-reliance.
We need to face it, as a nation we have a reliance on petroleum.
I will do everything, everything in my power, for as long as I am here, to enable the people of King Cove to receive proper emergency access that the rest of us take for granted.
I believe it is important that Title X organizations continue to receive funding.
What could be more important to the pursuit of happiness than the right to choose your spouse without asking a Washington politician for permission?
Alaskans need some certainty and clarity over how the Pebble Partnership intends to proceed. I understand the complexity of a project like this, and I appreciate the investments that have been made in Alaska already. But a reliable timeline has been missing, and I hope that the companies will provide one soon.
I have never once asked Alaskans to like how I got this job.
There are many outsiders that actively try to halt every natural resource development project in Alaska. Many of these same people have never even been to Alaska, yet they claim to know what's best for us.
I don't buy into this, 'Oh, poor us. We've got tough budget problems.'
We've been helping you out in Alaska in considerable ways, and you're walking away from the responsibility, and we're not going to allow that.
Mitt Romney understands the importance of Alaska as a leader in our country's energy production and I look forward to working with him on such an important economic and national security matter.
I have nothing against President McKinley whatsoever, but I would rather have this peak be called by the name it has gone by for centuries by Alaskans than a man who never set foot in our state. This is the tallest mountain in North America, and we deserve to have this Alaskan landmark bear an Alaskan name.
I don't pass the Tea Party's purity test.
For eight years, I've served on the Indian Affairs committee, two years as the ranking member. I've been on that committee since Day One. I will stay on the committee for as long as I'm in the Senate because of my commitment to making a difference for Alaska Natives.
People think that every day we pass monumental legislation. Oftentimes, the most important thing that you have done that day is help a family with a visa.
I am not looking for a pound of flesh from Sally Jewell.
Statutory authority to improve fuel economy has existed for 35 years at the Transportation Department, and it still exists today.
I still wear my write-in wristband. It used to be plastic, but my husband turned it into gold.
I am not here as my party's nominee. I am unique among the 100 senators in that regard.
One thing that Alaskans clearly appreciate is seniority.
I think it's fair to say that women have a different level of intuitiveness that allows them to perhaps handle situations a little bit different.
There are times when you need to pitch a fit and other times when you need to apply Catholic guilt, and it's just figuring out which is the most appropriate approach and then implementing it.
I was advised by my assistant that the women of the Senate don't do potlucks. To which I responded, 'Of course we do.'
It is fundamentally important in our system of government that every American be given the opportunity to vote, regardless of who they are, where they live, and what their race or national origin may be.
We fail to boost our offshore production at our own expense.
Imagine that foreign development is not done to our standards and a spill occurs. Neither geology nor ocean currents will respect our national boundaries.
I am still a Republican. I have not changed that.
I will be sent back to Washington, D.C., with the grace of God and all the Alaskan voters out there because all Alaskans have asked me to go back and continue my service.
I think Alaskans expect me to think, to think about them and do the right thing for them.
I'm all about accessing our resources; I'm all about those jobs. But I want to make sure I'm not expensing one for the other.
When you put in place regulations that are so burdensome, so tough, so much so that they cripple your economy, we then don't have the resources to invest in technologies that are going to make that difference, because it's just going to shut everything down. That's not going to help us as an economy.
I was returned to the Senate by the people of Alaska, and I have an obligation to all of them - it's not an obligation to my party; it's an obligation to Alaskans.
I'm not a quitter - never have been.
I believe that, as Americans, our freedoms come from God and not government, and include the rights enumerated in the Declaration of Independence: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
If there is one belief that unifies most Alaskans - our true north - it is less government and more freedom. We don't want the government in our pockets or our bedrooms; we certainly don't need it in our families.
Any efforts or opportunity to expand the civil bonds and rights to anyone that wants to build a stable, happy household should be promoted.
I did not believe and I do not believe that Planned Parenthood should be defunded.
I've supported the repeal of ObamaCare.
We owe it to ourselves to keep healthy this marvelous world we've been given.
A lot of the basic research that helped us figure out fracking came from the federal government.
I want to support John Boehner in any way that I can, but we need to be pragmatic.
We have so many issues in this country to focus on that worry us, that I question why there is such focus on the simple right of people to love whom they will.
I believe marriages should be legally defined as between one man and one woman.
I have voted in support of efforts in the Senate to enact a Constitutional amendment that would have limited marriage to one man and one woman only.
I've got two young sons who, when I ask them and their friends how they feel about gay marriage, kinda give me one of those looks like, 'Gosh, Mom, why are you even asking that question?'
The more traditional fuel sources we have relied on as a nation - coal, oil, and natural gas - I'm hoping they can allow us the financial springboard to move to the next generation of energy sources: renewables and alternatives.
How we move forward with a level of R&D support that will be meaningful allows us to really build on and enhance our energy opportunities in this country.
I look at what we have - our traditional natural resource base - as helping move us to that cleaner, more diverse energy supply.
Seniority actually means something in the Senate.
The thought of losing Ted Stevens, a man who was known to business and community leaders, Native chiefs and everyday Alaskans as Uncle Ted, is too difficult to fathom. He truly was the greatest of the Greatest Generation.
It's much more powerful to say I'm working to reduce spending, deal with our nation's deficit, push back on the federal government, and give specifics for that rather than just say, 'I'm a conservative.'
I think that the ability to export our abundant resources of LNG is good for us and quite honestly helps with the balance-of-trade issue. Japan would love to see LNG coming from its friend and closest ally, the United States.
I'm a firm believer that if you put together a good product that is just good policy, that is embraced by both sides so that it is seen as politically advantageous to the Republicans or Democrats, that even in this very polarized partisan world that you can advance legislation. I have to believe that, or I wouldn't want to get up every morning.
You've got to move us to these technologies that allow us to get to the clean-energy source. If we can't work to reduce the cost, you're not going to see them implemented unless there is a path of unlimited subsidies, and that's not doable, either. We can kick-start the research process, but we have to do that from a position of economic strength.
I'm not afraid to spend money on the R&D that's really going to move us to a cleaner energy source that I think is so much the answer to the issues of environmental responsibility and climate change.
I'm not a gym rat. I've got a gym membership, but my schedule is so crazy I just can't keep it regular.
I wish that I could tell you that I have a season ski pass, but I have had to give that up since I've been in the Senate.
