American,Writer
If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth.
If you are losing your leisure, look out; you may be losing your soul.
Charming people live up to the very edge of their charm, and behave as outrageously as the world lets them.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists the circulation of the blood.
There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want, and after that to enjoy it. Only the wisest of mankind achieve the second.
What is more mortifying than to feel that you have missed the plum for want of courage to shake the tree?
The vitality of a new movement in Art must be gauged by the fury it arouses.
Happiness is a wine of the rarest vintage, and seems insipid to a vulgar taste.
There are people who, like houses, are beautiful in dilapidation.
How it infuriates a bigot, when he is forced to drag out his dark convictions!
We grow with years more fragile in body, but morally stouter, and can throw off the chill of a bad conscience almost at once.
I can't forgive my friends for dying; I don't find these vanishing acts of theirs at all amusing.
Those who set out to serve both God and Mammon soon discover that there isn't a God.
Solvency is entirely a matter of temperament and not of income.
The mere process of growing old together will make our slightest acquaintances seem like bosom friends.
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
It is the wretchedness of being rich that you have to live with rich people.
All my life, as down an abyss without a bottom. I have been pouring van loads of information into that vacancy of oblivion I call my mind.
There is more felicity on the far side of baldness than young men can possibly imagine.
Our names are labels, plainly printed on the bottled essence of our past behavior.
A slight touch of friendly malice and amusement towards those we love keeps our affections for them from turning flat.
There is one thing that matters, to set a chime of words tinkling in the minds of a few fastidious people.
It is through the cracks in our brains that ecstasy creeps in.
The notion of making money by popular work, and then retiring to do good work, is the most familiar of all the devil's traps for artists.
To suppose as we all suppose, that we could be rich and not behave as the rich behave, is like supposing that we could drink all day and stay sober.
Those who set out to serve both God and Mammon soon discover that there is no God.
