American,Writer
Submitting to censorship is to enter the seductive world of 'The Giver': the world where there are no bad words and no bad deeds. But it is also the world where choice has been taken away and reality distorted. And that is the most dangerous world of all.
When I wrote 'The Giver,' it contained no so-called 'bad words.' It was set, after all, in a mythical, futuristic, and Utopian society. Not only was there no poverty, divorce, racism, sexism, pollution, or violence in the world of 'The Giver'; there was also careful attention paid to language: to its fluency, precision, and power.
Kids deserve the right to think that they can change the world.
I think teens are drawn to these speculative books that portray what might happen and what could happen.
I don't set out to transmit a message. I don't write with a political point of view. There are no religious overtones. Looking back at my books, I can say, 'Oh, yes, it is there.' But it's not in my mind when I write.
People in the know say 'The Giver' was the first young adult dystopian novel.
In 1952, when I was 15 and living on Governors Island, which was then First Army Headquarters, I encountered the newly-published 'The Catcher in the Rye.' Of course, that book became the iconic anti-establishment novel for my generation.
People can lie in letters, but they tend not to. They certainly lie in memoirs.
I have been fortunate. I have done so many things and enjoyed so many things and had such a great life, not to imply that it is ending, but that there aren't many things that I feel I have left undone.
So many of my books, I don't want to say they have messages, but they have important things to say.
I think 'The Giver' is such a moral book, so filled with important truths, that I couldn't believe anyone would want to suppress it, to keep it from kids.
There will always be a place for bunnies to talk in rhyme, but that's not what I do.
We live in times that are in many ways ambiguous. Maybe that's why kids want precision in what they read - they don't like that moral ambiguity.
Nowadays it seems as though people sit down to write what they know is going to be a trilogy.
I'm a writer; I like to retain subtlety and nuance.
I turn to books for a feeling of companionship: for somebody knowing what I have known.
I've always been fascinated by memory and dreams because they are both completely our own. No one else has the same memories. No one has the same dreams.
The fact that I lost my son permeates my being.
I'm not terribly conversant with children's literature in general. I tend to read books for adults, being an adult.
I think I've written 40 books, and none of them have been heavy on action. I'm an introspective person.
I don't for one second think about the possibility of censorship when I am writing a new book. I know I am a person who cares about kids and who cares about truth and I am guided by my own instincts, and trust them.
I would say that most of my books are contemporary realistic fiction... a couple, maybe three, fall into the 'historic fiction' category. Science fiction is not a favorite genre of mine, though I have greatly enjoyed some of the work of Ursula LeGuin. I haven't read much science fiction so I don't know other sci-fi authors.
People are starting to refer to 'The Giver' as a classic, but I don't know how that is defined. But if it means that 10, 20, 50 years from now kids will still be reading it, that is kind of awe-inspiring.
The grand surprise has really been the fact that being an author, which to me had always implied being a private person, actually requires you to be a public person as well, and those are two separate entities to me.
If somebody takes the time, a: to read a book that I have written, and then to b: care about it enough to write me and ask questions, surely I owe them a response.
When you lose a child in an accident as I did, it's final - you're not caught in this longing for him, to search for him, knowing he's out there some place.
As female hormones decrease, they're replaced with an overwhelming urge to grow delphinium.
I majored in English in college, so I read the classic dystopian novels like '1984' and 'Brave New World.'
My mind is always on whatever next project I'm working on.
There are those, I think, who are attracted to the glitz of celebrity life. I am not one of them.
Most people remember being 4 objectively, as if they're seeing a movie of a 4-year-old. But me, if you ask me to think about when I'm 4, I can feel myself being 4, and I am there, looking out through my 4-year-old eyes.
This may sound strange, but at a very early age, at around 3, I was aware that I was smarter than the other kids.
Because I have two houses, I invariably get immersed in a book and then discover it's at the other house.
When I moved from Cambridge, I donated all my fiction. I carefully cut out pages the authors had autographed for me. I didn't want those autographed books showing up on eBay.
I always set out to tell a good story, to create a character that young people can relate to, place them in a situation that will be interesting, intriguing, eventually suspenseful. But what I find is that after I do that, then there are themes that emerge, which teachers can then use to provoke discussion and debate.
In my writing, I focus lenses. I'm almost always seeing when I am writing.
If we as writers could predict what readers grab on to, we would write it.
