American,Comedian
I couldn't be where I am today if I had children. My focus would be on my children and home. And you can do it later in life.
There is nothing like a live performance. You can look at things on television, and you can look at things on YouTube, but when you get in a room full of people and you say one joke, and everyone's laughing at the same thing, it's a really great experience.
Now that I live in Los Angeles, if I meet somebody from Detroit, it's like there's this brother- or sisterhood, where we're real folks.
It's been a long haul. It may seem to some people that have never heard of me, 'Oh she just popped up on the scene,' but I've been working on this for some time.
We have to remember that people are free to love who they want to love. That also means that black women are free to love who they want to love.
Being in the Girl Scouts took me out of the projects environment and showed me different things.
That's the one thing I have to say to females. If you don't have a certain look, or if you look a certain way, they won't accept you.
I've been studying myself because I always want to improve.
I have a fear of being broke. That's what I have a fear of. I'm not kidding.
I will never say never, but I can tell you right now - I am perfectly happy with being who I am. I just - I really - I'm an entertainer, and the thing that I'd decided to work on was my career, and I decided the energy that I was putting in certain relationships - I was really kind of wasting my time, and I knew it.
I love being a regular on 'Chelsea Lately!'
I've seen Don Rickles up at the Montreal Comedy Festival. Don Rickles was doing jokes in a wheelchair, and he was headlining a show. Do you think they would let a woman do that?
One day, we had a layoff at my job. And I went to my boss, and I said, 'Please save someone else's job. This is a win-win situation for the company and me - and just lay me off.' I did that in around 2003, and I never looked back. I became a full-time comic.
I like having peace and quiet in my life, and I am perfectly happy in my relationships.
Even when I was an engineer, I was a comic on my job. At birthday and holiday parties, I was the one scheduling and emceeing. If you work on your gift, and you're good, it will shine through.
I worked harder at my craft, and it took some time, but here I am today doing what I want to do, which is entertain people.
If you are a woman with your own money, you have confidence. You have the pick of the litter.
Miss Britney Spears took a dude that was already with a girl that had babies. And sometimes when you do that kind of stuff and take a dude, that's called karma.
Being a former engineer, you learn to always go back, study yourself, see what you could've done differently, see what you could've said.
At my job, my manager had a massive heart attack; we had layoffs. It made me realize that nothing is certain, nothing is for sure, and if I'm going to make a move, I gotta make a move now.
I'm hearing from fans about how they got out of an abusive relationship. That's why I tell people you've got to watch 'The Real.' We are about comedy and inspiration, but personal moments come up, and people are moved by it.
I did all this standup comedy in college, and from that point on, I tried to develop myself and get my name back out there.
In 'Mother's Day,' which is directed by legendary director Garry Marshall, I play a mother figure to the character played by Jason Sudeikis from 'Saturday Night Live.' He's a widower, and I'm a mother who's helping him to get over the loss of his wife.
I don't have a lot of time for television because I am making it, so it's really hard for me to sit down. But when I do get a chance, I try to catch up on 'Scandal,' 'Empire' and 'black-ish.'
I think that, for so long, there was only one type of actor, and now you see these different colors, different people, different shapes and different sizes. It just makes it more interesting.
I am a seasoned performer.
One of my dreams was to change the way women of color were seen on television.
I always tell people if you want to do something, go to a great comedy show. And that's what I try to do: give people a really good comedy show.
With comedy, I try to steer toward, you know, talking about people that do crazy things, messed-up things. That's what I like to talk about.
As a stand-up comic, you have to do the road.
People are getting picked up off the street and getting a show, and it's because we're not using the people that are trying to be entertainers - use more of them.
I'll see something, and I'll go, 'Oh, wow, that's interesting,' because really, comedy comes from the truth.
Everything that I've done on television has helped me to get the exposure that I need.
Really, it hasn't changed for female comics; it's still hard for females to really enter the game.
People say they get a warmness from me.
I'm fat, and I support fat celebrities, like Oprah.
I never wanted a traditional lifestyle. I'm not that kind of person.
Being a female comic and getting a Comedy Central special is an honor because not a lot of women get that.
My material reaches everyone.
They're smart in Orange County. Smart and rich - just how I like 'em.
I started by doing a little funny story, and then I started going to open mics. I realized I had a lot of work to do - you have to get over the stage fright and get your stage presence up. It took me some time, but I finally feel that I'm at a point where I feel comfortable on stage and giving my point of view.
When we heard that little dial-up sound, that eeeeee, and then you connected, and you then go and you check your mail and you get that 'you got mail,' you were excited. I mean, that was the thing.
Now AOL is the grandma of online Web services. I mean, we don't need it anymore.
Life is funny, and that's why I celebrate it in my shows.
I just do jokes about real situations, pure observation.
Mom was a nurse's aide. She worked in various hospitals. She took care of us that way, and we ate government cheese. I survived.
Black women know that we've got to take care of it - so we take care of it. It's just embedded in us.
I tend to be everybody's best friend, and it kind of goes over into my comedy.
I used to be an engineer, and I was the worst engineer in the United States of America. That's why I became a comic.
What we're trying to do is take these words and soften them. I'm an African-American comic. I use the b-word in my act.
I do think the audiences have a right to judge what they feel is offensive and not.
I appreciate the audience for checking us as comics.
I am the funny, crazy person.
