American,Actress
Look at any black-and-white movie; everybody is smoking.
You're always better off if you quit smoking; it's never too late.
My grandmother was a teacher, my sister was a teacher, my daughter was a teacher and is now a superintendent in northern California, and my son-in-law is a high school principal. I am surrounded.
My mom started smoking when she was 11. She went to the hill next door to try her first cigarette. She set the entire hill on fire, but it didn't deter her.
Your lungs are changed forever from your first cigarette.
Impotence is one of the major hazards of cigarette smoking.
Smoking is related to practically every terrible thing that can happen to you.
If somebody invented cigarettes today, the government would not legalize them.
They almost ran me off the road several times. There are so many chances that they take to get the right photo.
In the movies, Bette Davis lights two cigarettes and hands the second one to James Cagney. It was just so glamorous and romantic.
My sister and I are both diagnosed with second-hand smoke syndromes. We have never smoked, but we grew up with second-hand smoke our entire lives.
I started acting when I was 10, doing musical theater. I was a brunette at that time. I was always cast in all the exotic parts.
There is no cure for emphysema, but you can start treating it and have a better quality of life.
Young people think that nothing bad will ever happen to them.
You're rejected 10 to 20 times for every part you are going to get.
When women smoke, it is hard for them to quit because they are so worried about their weight; it's a vanity issue and a mindset.
We have so much lung capacity that we don't even notice a problem until we are in our 40s.
Three cigarettes in, your body already craves it. It is that addictive.
There's nothing glamorous about being dead.
The theater is where I belonged; I simply wanted to be an actress my whole life.
My memory of my mom is a wine glass in one hand and a cigarette in the other. She was a runway fashion model, and she was quite a glamorous woman.
My daughter teases me once in a while saying, Remember when you used to be my mother and you had black hair?
My dad had emphysema and both of my parents had chronic bronchitis and ended up with cancers - all smoking related.
Look up the definition of rejection in the dictionary, get really comfortable with it, and then maybe you can go into acting.
It's amazing to me that young people will still pick up a cigarette.
I talk about acting to students making the transition from high school to UCLA. Kids going into this profession really need to know the reality of it.
