American,Actress
To me, being grown-up meant smoking cigarettes, drinking cocktails, and dressing up in high heels and glamourous outfits.
If you really want to kill yourself, you get a gun and blow your head off.
The one thing I never questioned about my mother was whether she loved me.
There is a time of reckoning in all our lives.
I have spent much of my adult life flinching with pain as I tried to pull out the threads that bound the shadows of my past to me.
People are always asking me what it's like to be Judy Garland's daughter. It's hard to be a legend's child.
I was born in a blender.
A career is all very well, but no one lives by work alone.
I used drugs as a social activity; a way to have fun with friends.
My sister Liza and I have never felt that we were in competition.
Although I loved Liza as a little girl, it would be true to say I really didn't know her.
My mother's life had been destroyed by the Garland legend.
Vincente understood all too well what was happening to Liza; he had gone through it 40 years earlier with my mother.
Life will force you to make changes you never wanted to make.
Children have a way of forcing you back into the present moment.
Liza is in the tabloids almost as much as our mother was. She has struggled with her own ghosts and shadows.
I choose not to think of my life as surviving, but coping.
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it.
There are some family traditions I don't want my children to carry on.
The sicker mother got, the stranger the people surrounding her became. I called them The Garland Freaks.
A gay man has no business leading on a heterosexual woman.
The world fell apart. Sirhan Sirhan shot Bobby Kennedy. Why were people shooting all the Kennedys? Had the country gone mad?
My mother wasn't rational those last years; if she had been, she would have been horrified by her own behavior.
My mother should have been Jewish. She could have taught a class on how to induce guilt.
My mother was a phoenix who always expected to rise from the ashes of her latest disaster. She loved being Judy Garland.
Living in continual chaos is exhausting, frightening. The catch is that it's also very addictive.
It was at one of the parties at our house that The Rat Pack got started.
