American,Actor
I'm sure there are some haters out there, but I just put my blinders on.
I learned how to make an endoscope using a Swiss Army Knife, a cell phone camera, cell phone, and chewing gum.
All I wanted was attention from girls when I was a kid. Then I got my braces off, and then there was too much attention, and I was also mad that they didn't pay attention to me in the first place. Then I was just like, I couldn't put on blinders and focus on one because there were too many options.
Hard work always wins in the end.
Angus is a pretty crappy name.
Man, the '80s were pretty wacky. You had some stuff that was just so rad and some stuff that was just so wrong.
See, it's kind of like James Bond. There's a new James Bond every couple of years. Maybe I can do the new 'MacGyver' and put my own twist on it.
If you had known me in middle school, I was definitely not what someone would think of as Brad Pitt. That was not me. I was kind of a dork.
I absolutely love genre movies. When I was a kid, I was really impacted by genre films and cult classics.
'Monster Trucks' is like a big action movie.
I grew up with a truck. My dad had one, so I like trucks.
I'm a huge video gamer, sometimes a little too much. I'll shut myself in my room just so I can play video games all day and I end up neglecting my friends.
'Crush' was my first number one on the call sheet.
If you talk to anyone who's done a stair fall, there's not one stair fall, no matter how many pads you have on or how protected you are, where you don't hurt something really bad.
If you're a fan, you can appreciate everything I say.
Portraying Alex Summers, I want to look as athletic as his character is in the comics.
Emily Osment has 'osteo-old-woman-itis.' She can't lift weights or do physical activity but ride her bike and do yoga.
Aren't people supposed to do movies so that they can get girls?
I think Selena Gomez is extremely talented.
I have a lot of respect for people with a lot of talent.
It was awesome and liberating to play a Russian spy.
I think there's certain things that I know in my head that I enjoy: action movies.
I always love to do my own stunts when they let me, right?
I hate the amount of communication, the obligation that you have just by owning a phone.
Do you remember those AM radio kits you get as a kid, and you build your own AM radio? Well, I never actually built one. But I did get them as a gift, for, like, 3 Christmases in a row, and I hated them.
I always try to plan things out, but they never work out the way I expect.
I always wanted to play characters, and that was definitely one - a Russian spy.
I don't think that 'Hannah' garnered a whole lot of respect from certain people.
'Hannah Montana' gets no disrespect from me because it's certainly done me a lot of favors.
Acting is not a normal job, no, but I don't think that takes me out of the game as far as having had the experience of being a hard worker.
I remember when I was first auditioning to be a part of it, I thought it would be way to cool and there was no way it would actually happen, so I still can't believe I'm in the 'X-Men' and I'm Havok.
I never read any of the comics, but I grew up on the animated series when I was a little kid - I guess it came out in 1992. So I've always been an 'X-Men' fan.
I have a healthy addiction to binge-watching TV.
I would describe my relationship with my couch as symbiotic - others would describe it as dangerous.
I just finished a Jackie Chan movie, yes. That was an experience. I can mark that off on my bucket list.
I play a lot of video games, and I go to the gym.
If some guy said this to me, I wouldn't listen either, but one-rep max-outs are the dumbest things you can do to yourself.
'Legend of the Drunken Master' was my favorite.
I look for a girl without pretense who is sweet and intelligent - preferably brunette, but that's not completely important.
In 'Crush,' it still has a lot of elements of other genres, and then the horror is layered on top of it, especially towards the end.
I don't want to sound trite, but 'Star Wars' really, really impacted me.
'Lord of the Rings' was my jam. I was so depressed when I realized that I couldn't live in Middle-earth. And I was so sad when I was eleven and didn't get a letter from Hogwarts saying that I was going to be a wizard!
I don't see any harm in working, getting out there, and practicing.
I had discipline in other areas but certainly not in athletics.
A lot of people when I walk into meetings are like, 'Come on, let's talk more about 'X-Men.' What's it like to be Havok?' It certainly has been opening a lot of doors.
My mom's a chemist, so she's pretty smart.
I love technology and I can handle myself around a computer.
It's funny: I've always wanted to grow my hair out ,and I always seem to get a movie right before it's sort of the right length or right after, and it's never timed right.
I don't really try too hard to be anything that I'm not.
My uncle is a mechanic, and I wish I had paid more attention, but I never did.
I don't know about actually doing real productive work on my own car.
I don't want to be a part of something I don't want to watch.
I took Jujitsu for four years, which has no striking.
My dad had me in Taekwondo when I was a kid, but I didn't retain much of that.
I've always done a lot of stunts in the past, and I sound like I'm tooting my own horn here, but I've always impressed the people I've worked with, and they've let me do more and more.
