American,Architect
Architecture starts when you carefully put two bricks together. There it begins.
Less is more.
It is not possible to go forward while looking back.
A chair is a very difficult object. A skyscraper is almost easier. That is why Chippendale is famous.
God is in the details.
Each material has its specific characteristics which we must understand if we want to use it. This is no less true of steel and concrete.
We should attempt to bring nature, houses, and human beings together in a higher unity.
True education is concerned not only with practical goals but also with values. Our aims assure us of our material life, our values make possible our spiritual life.
Architecture begins when you place two bricks carefully together.
The building art is, in reality, always the spatial execution of spiritual decisions. It is bound to its times and manifests itself only in addressing vital tasks with the means of its times. A knowledge of the times, its tasks, and its means is the necessary precondition of work in the building art.
Wherever technology reaches its real fulfillment, it transcends into architecture.
What finally is beauty? Certainly nothing that can be calculated or measured. It is always something imponderable, something that lies between things.
The building art is man's spatial dialogue with his environment and demonstrates how he asserts himself therein and how he masters it.
Our utilitarian structures will mature into architecture only when, through their fulfillment of function, they become carriers of the will of the age.
Architecture is the will of an epoch translated into space.
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good.
We refuse to recognize problems of form, but only problems of building. Form is not the aim of our work, but only the result. Form, by itself, does not exist. Form as an aim is formalism; and that we reject.
Architecture depends on facts, but its real field of activity lies in the realm of the significance.
It is not architectural achievement that makes the structures of earlier times seem to us so full of significance but the circumstance that antique temples, Roman basilicas, and even the cathedrals of the Middle Ages are not the works of single personalities but creations of entire epochs.
The problem of architecture has always been the same throughout time. Its authentic quality is reached through its proportions, and the proportions cost nothing. In fact, most of them are proportions among things, not the things themselves. Art is almost always a question of proportions.
When it becomes economically possible, building will become montage.
When one looks at Nature through the glass walls of the Farnsworth House, it takes on a deeper significance than when one stands outside. More of Nature is thus expressed - it becomes part of a greater whole.
I hope you will understand that architecture has nothing to do with the inventions of forms. It is not a playground for children, young or old. Architecture is the real battleground of the spirit.
Every How is carried by a What.
It is a hopeless endeavor to make the form and content of earlier architectural epochs usable for our time; in this, even the strongest artistic talent must fail. We see repeatedly how the outstanding builders fail to achieve an effect because their work does not serve the will of the age.
I see in industrialization the central problem of building in our time. If we succeed in carrying out this industrialization, the social, economic, technical, and also artistic problems will be readily solved.
Most of our designs are developed long before there is a practical possibility of carrying them out. I do that on purpose and have done it all my life. I do it when I am interested in something.
It is much better to have just one idea, and if the idea is clear, then you can fight for it. That is how you can get things done.
It took me a long time to understand the relationship between ideas and between objective facts. But after I clearly understood this relationship, I didn't fool around with other wild ideas. That is one of the main reasons why I just make my scheme as simple as possible.
It is no use working with other architects. What can they do? Who does what?
Cheese was the staple. Bread you brought from home. The Schnaps came later. At the end of the week when people got paid, that's when you got your Schnaps, lots of it, five Pfennige a shot.
What would life be like if everybody insisted you must have actually built such-and-such a thing by yourself? I'd be an old man and have nothing to show for the aging.
You can teach students how to work; you can teach them technique - how to use reason; you can even give them a sense of proportions - of order. You can teach them general principles.
Behrens had a great sense of the great form. that was his main interest; and that I certainly understood and learned from him.
The architect must get to know the people who will live in the planned house. From their needs, the rest inevitably follows.
Modern buildings of our time are so huge that one must group them. Often the space between these buildings is as important as the buildings themselves.
If there really is no new way to be found, we are not afraid to stick with the old one that we found previously. So, I do not make every building different.
I thought a lot and I controlled my thoughts in my work - and I controlled my work through my thoughts.
You cannot save wonderful towns. You can only save wonderful towns by building new ones.
Where can we find greater structural clarity than in the wooden buildings of old? Where else can we find such unity of material, construction and form? here, the wisdom of whole generations is stored.
1926 was the most significant year. Looking back, it seems that it was not just a year in the sense of time. It was a year of great realisation or awareness. It seems to me that at certain times of the history of man, the understanding of certain situations ripens.
Nature, too, shall live its own life. We must beware not to disrupt it with the color of our houses and interior fittings. yet we should not attempt to bring nature, houses, and human beings together into a higher unity.
I really don't know the Chicago School. You see, I never walk. I always take taxis back and forth to work. I rarely see the city.
In 1912, when I was working in The Hague, I first saw a drawing by Louis Sullivan of one of his buildings. It interested me.
Technology is rooted in the past. It dominates the present and tends into the future. It is a real historical movement - one of the great movements which shape and represent their epoch.
Reinforced concrete buildings are by nature skeletal buildings. No noodles nor armoured turrets. A construction of girders that carry the weight, and walls that carry no weight. That is to say, buildings consisting of skin and bones.
Not yesterday, not tomorrow, only today can be given form. Only this architecture creates.
Create form out of the nature of the task with the means of our time. This is our work.
I do not oppose form, but only form as a goal.
Form as a goal always ends in formalism. For this striving is directed not towards an inside, but towards an outside. But only a living inside has a living outside.
The unformed is not worse than the over-formed. The former is nothing; the latter is mere appearance. Real form presupposes real life.
Just as we acquaint ourselves with materials, and just as we must understand functions, we must become familiar with the psychological and spiritual factors of the day. No cultural activity is possible otherwise, for we are dependent on the spirit of our time.
Architecture is always the will of the age conceived as space - nothing else. Until this simple truth is clearly recognized, the struggle over the foundation of a new architecture confident in its aims and powerful in its impact cannot be realized; until then, it is destined to remain a chaos of uncoordinated forces.
It must be understood that every architecture is bound to its time and manifests itself only in vital tasks and through the materials of its age. It has never been otherwise.
The tendency of our time is wholly oriented toward the secular. The efforts of the mystics will remain episodes. Despite a deepening of our conceptions of life, we will build no cathedrals.
