American,Musician
I've been waiting for that bright sunshine to show up and shine in my back door someday.
I don't want to be in some big beautiful place that nobody want me, because I play the blues.
I focused on how these people became how they were.
What I want to do, is play music for somebody who believe in me.
But let's face it, I still have to look at my self and look at the things I've done down the stretch.
I mean, look how many musicians have come through and played beside me, and I'm workin' and they're not.
And I can do the rock clubs if I have to.
Well, I first started going to Europe in the late '70s.
But you know, I still had a dream of being able to go back home and tour.
But my big thing was always the blues.
So I cut out all the drinkin' and hangin' out and stuff like that early on.
I want people to recognize Luther Allison when I play.
Buddy Guy finally got a break and made it. And Buddy Guy deserves it.
I look in music magazines now and see things on Luther Allison, and my name's getting out there more, thanks to all the good people at Alligator Records and at my management company.
Well, I've had to deal with everything in my life... leavin' the family, learnin' what not and what to do.
We played the same thing in Europe we played in the States.
But there was not a job that could say that Luther Allison didn't do his job.
In the blues, it just takes so long for us to get recognized.
I want to play in a place people want to hear me.
Me being a skinny guy, I could crawl into the steel pit.
But I did that, and I created another blues scene, another something I can sing about.
I have as much input to the blues; I just never got the chance, the opportunity or maybe the respect.
I think I'm the most positive guy still going in my generation, and I'm out there to prove that.
In the States, it takes you a lifetime just to get from Chicago's South Side to the West Side.
When I got to Chicago I had to find my way.
The blues is the foundation, and it's got to carry the top. The other part of the scene, the rock 'n' roll and the jazz, are the walls of the blues.
