American,Cartoonist
We don't create a fantasy world to escape reality. We create it to be able to stay.
I am about as detailed as a shadow.
Love is an exploding cigar we willingly smoke.
Playing and fun are not the same thing, though when we grow up we may forget that and find ourselves mixing up playing with happiness. There can be a kind of amnesia about the seriousness of playing, especially when we played by ourselves.
'Good Times' is a story about the loss of innocence, how adults are responsible for their actions but children aren't.
If it is your time, love will track you down like a cruise missile.
Love will make a way out of no way.
Remember how you used to be able to feel your bed breathing and the walls spinning when you were a kid?
Humor is such a wonderful thing, helping you realize what a fool you are but how beautiful that is at the same time.
I used to live a very social life and never spend much solitary time looking at birds or reading.
Kids don't plan to play. They don't go: 'Barbie, Ken, you ready to play? It's gonna be a three-act.'
The minute you understand racism, you're responsible for being racist. It's like eating from the tree of knowledge.
If I had had me for a student I would have thrown me out of class immediately.
I wasn't afraid to be laughed at or be loud.
I need to be cheered up a lot. I think funny people are people who need to be cheered up.
If I didn't try to eavesdrop on every bus ride I take or look for the humor when I go for a walk, I would just be depressed all the time.
I listen like mad to any conversation taking place next to me just trying to hear why this is funny. Women's restrooms are especially great. I wash my hands twice waiting for people to come in and start talking.
I go to work the minute I open my eyes.
I do dumb stuff, like playing my favorite dumb Barry White song and lip-synching into the mirror so it looks like his voice is coming out of my mouth.
Cartoonist was the weirdest name I finally let myself have. I would never say it. When I heard it I silently thought, what an awful word.
I started doing cartoons when I was about 21. I never thought I would be a cartoonist. It happened behind my back. I was always a painter and drawer.
I was unable to sleep and I would stay up and draw these little cartoons. Then a friend showed them around. Before I knew it I was a cartoonist.
The strips are nearly effortless unless I am really emotionally upset, a wreck.
People think that whatever I put into strips has happened to me in my life.
There was a beautiful time in the beginning when I just did it and didn't analyze the consequences, but I think that time ends in everyone's work.
In life there are always these things happening if you can just get the joke.
When I was working on 'Freddie,' I had been trying to write it on a computer for many, many years, but that delete button just won't let anything go forward.
The thing that really struck me when I went to junior high was class. I grew up on a pretty poor street, but the school district I was in included some fine neighborhoods - so I got to know a couple of the kids from those places and went to their houses and experienced such culture shock.
I tried to be like the richer kids as much as I could because I wanted to live on their streets, at least hang out on their streets and eat their amazing food and walk barefoot on their shag carpets. I became something of a pest in that way, and in general, other people's parents didn't like me.
My strips are not always funny, and they can be pretty grim at times, and I know I lose readers because of it, but I can't do anything about it - my work is very much connected to something I need to do in order to feel stable.
It's not hard for me to be funny in front of people, but most of that is just horrified nerves taking the form of what makes people laugh, and afterwards I'd always feel dreadfully depressed, kind of self-induced bi-polar disorder.
Remember when you were in school and the teacher would put a picture under an overhead projector so you could see it on the wall? God, I loved that. Tellya the truth, I used to look at that beam of light and think it was God.
When you think about it, giving up your 'real' personality is a small price to pay for the richness of 'living happily ever after' with an actual man!
I believe a kid who is playing is not alone. There is something brought alive during play, and this something, when played with, seems to play back.
No one stopped me from playing when I was alone, but there were times when I wasn't able to, though I wanted to... There were times when nothing played back. Writers call it 'writer's block.' For kids there are other names for that feeling, though kids don't usually know them.
The happy ending is hardly important, though we may be glad it's there. The real joy is knowing that if you felt the trouble in the story, your kingdom isn't dead.
My childhood is always going to limit me.
When you are little, you will draw pictures for no reason.
