American,Athlete
Ask not what your teammates can do for you. Ask what you can do for your teammates.
If you're a competitive person, that stays with you. You don't stop. You always look over your shoulder.
I have to tell you, I'm proudest of my life off the court. There will always be great basketball players who bounce that little round ball, but my proudest moments are affecting people's lives, effecting change, being a role model in the community.
Just celebrate the life you had, not the life you could've had.
I enjoy being the messenger for God in terms of letting people know about HIV and AIDS.
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them.
Research your idea. See if there's a demand. A lot of people have great ideas, but they don't know if there's a need for it. You also have to research your competition.
I love to be in the ballpark. I love to just go in and enjoy a great baseball game, a great pitchers' duel.
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that I'm going to show everybody, I'm going to work hard to get better and better.
When you face a crisis, you know who your true friends are.
When you are a successful business person, you are only as good as your team. No one can do every deal alone.
I wanted to do two things when I was growing up, about your age. I wanted to play in the NBA, and I wanted to be a businessman after my basketball career was over, and that is what I am doing now.
The important thing is this Just because I'm doing well doesn't mean that they're going to do well if they get HIV. A lot of people have died since I have announced. This disease is not going anywhere.
You can't get AIDS from a hug or a handshake or a meal with a friend.
To me, everything is wonderful. Life is wonderful.
Sometimes friends move apart from each other for whatever reason.
I'm not cured, but the HIV is asleep deep in my body.
When you think about the NASCAR brand, it resonates everywhere. They have the No. 1 sports brand.
I tell people to look at me and understand that everybody first told me that I couldn't be a 6-foot, 9-inch point guard, and I proved them wrong. Then they told me I couldn't be a businessman and make money in urban America, and I proved them wrong. And they thought I couldn't win all these championships, and I proved them wrong there as well.
I like things going on in my life. I don't want to be on a beach somewhere just relaxing.
Manhood is taking care of your family and being able to bless other people. Not yourself - but whether you can bless other people.
I am a businessman. This is what I do each and every day. I love it. I love coming to work. I never have a bad day.
When a woman is frustrated, and it's your wife, you as the husband get that frustration.
Everyone thought I was going to die like a year later, they didn't know. So I helped educate sports, and then the world, that a man living with HIV can play basketball. He's not going to give it to anybody by playing basketball.
All students should have the opportunity to receive their high school diplomas and be fully prepared for college or the workplace.
As an athlete, I understood the value of my health insurance. I knew that in my profession, injuries were common and could happen at any time.
I met wonderful people playing in the NBA. Whether it is the officials, the scorekeepers, all the people who work for the NBA, not just for the Lakers, but I'm talking about just for the league itself.
Magic is crazy. He is that crazy wild guy on the basketball court that is very intense and very serious. He is the guy who lives and eats and breathes basketball.
I guess when people ask what is the biggest transition to the NBA from college, it is definitely defense and the mental part.
It's a burden trying to keep a secret. It's hard. It probably takes more out of you trying to hold it and keep it than it does for you to really let it out.
Magic is who I am on the basketball court. Earvin is who I am.
My father is my idol, so I always did everything like him. He used to work two jobs and still come home happy every night.
When you are honest and open with young people, they let you in.
I respect women to the utmost.
Urban America is like a foreign country in a sense.
My dad was my hero. And I got my personality from my mother.
I do not have bad days. I don't wake up in the morning and think that I'm going to get AIDS. I don't dream bad dreams about it. If I did, I'd be giving in to the negativity.
I'm a businessman, and what I know is numbers and business.
I'm the one who started redevelopment in South Los Angeles, not Jan Perry. I did it. I love Jan. She's a good person, and she did a wonderful job with what she did downtown, but in L.A., South L.A., I'm the one.
Athletes don't like to get up early, but it never bothered me.
I look three to five years ahead, not 10 years behind.
A lot of black guys always ask me, 'Did Larry Bird really play that good?' I said, 'Larry Bird is so good it's frightening.'
I've always been a leader my whole life. I've always led. I didn't know how to do anything else.
I often tell people when you make a mistake, you not only hurt yourself, but you hurt the ones that love you.
I'm building shopping centers and movie theaters in the inner cities. So that means supplying jobs and letting blacks understand that we have to build our communities back, not looking to anybody else.
No one plans to get sick or hurt - I certainly didn't - but most people will need medical care at some point in their lives.
Everyone should have the opportunity to get affordable, quality health coverage.
ObamaCare is working. I talk to a lot of CEOs of hospitals. It is working.
I'm glad that Gov. Scott down in Florida accepted ObamaCare, because it will work.
The best doctors and medicine in the world can't save you if you don't do what you're supposed to do.
I'm far from being a homosexual.
For a long time, I'd work until 10 or 11. When I work, I'm on. I'm 'Magic.' I love it, but it takes a lot out of me.
I'll hear people say every so often that having HIV must not be so bad - 'Just look at Magic and how well he's doing.'
When I grew up, my family, we sat down, all of us to watch 'Good Times,' 'Sanford and Son,' all those shows that were out at that time.
I like to take walks in the park by myself, where no one can bother me and I can think.
People see me high-fivin' and smiling on the court, and they don't think that's me. But it is. I just want to go out and be myself.
Magic is crazy. He is that crazy wild guy on the basketball court that is very intense and very serious. He is the guy who lives and eats and breathes basketball. Magic is a guy who would stand for nothing but winning and really prepared himself as well as he prepared his team. Earvin is the complete opposite.
A woman always remembers. Remember that.
I love putting people to work of color.
I grew up a Detroit Tigers fan, and now to be an owner of the Dodgers is amazing.
My first and only experience in baseball, the coach signed me up; he didn't tell me there's a thing called the curveball. I didn't know that. So the ball's coming at me and I start backing out, and then it broke inside. And the umpire says, 'Strike one!' And I'm saying, 'How is that a strike? It almost hit me!'
I got blessed from my mom. She's the personality; she's the one who smiled, so I took on part of her, and who also wanted to help and save the world. Then I took on part of my dad, who is tough.
My dad worked two jobs his whole life, and so I told him he's the reason I have 20 jobs.
The gay community has taken care of their issues and problems in terms of HIV/AIDS. They have done an incredible job. We as heterosexuals need to learn from the gay community because they have rallied together. They have sent a lot of information out there. They go get tested.
My family is a praying family, a Christian family.
I get up 5:30-6 every morning. I'm in the gym. I run a couple miles.
I think that there are always goals for me to try to achieve, and I'm going to work toward those goals.
My work ethic is from sports.
I try to hire people I don't have to motivate. But I do motivate the people working with and for me.
