American,Publisher
Diversity: the art of thinking independently together.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Presence is more than just being there.
Diamonds are nothing more than chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all.
The best vision is insight.
The biggest mistake people make in life is not trying to make a living at doing what they most enjoy.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
If you expect nothing, you're apt to be surprised. You'll get it.
Pay your people the least possible and you'll get from them the same.
When you cease to dream you cease to live.
If you have a job without any aggravations, you don't have a job.
Being right half the time beats being half-right all the time.
What's an expert? I read somewhere, that the more a man knows, the more he knows, he doesn't know. So I suppose one definition of an expert would be someone who doesn't admit out loud that he knows enough about a subject to know he doesn't really know how much.
Those who enjoy responsibility usually get it; those who merely like exercising authority usually lose it.
If you don't know what to do with many of the papers piled on your desk, stick a dozen colleagues initials on them and pass them along. When in doubt, route.
Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and one-upping, always makes you less than you are.
Everybody has to be somebody to somebody to be anybody.
Few businessmen are capable of being in politics, they don't understand the democratic process, they have neither the tolerance or the depth it takes. Democracy isn't a business.
The more sympathy you give, the less you need.
Elected leaders who forget how they got there won't the next time.
To measure the man, measure his heart.
When what we are is what we want to be, that's happiness.
By the time we've made it, we've had it.
Men who never get carried away should be.
