American,Businessman
If we're building high quality companies, if the customers like the products, if the technology innovation is real, then the substance is going to win out in the end.
At a certain point in your career - I mean, part of the answer is a personal answer, which is that at a certain point in your career, it becomes more satisfying to help entrepreneurs than to be one.
Many of the best firms historically in venture capital have been multi-sector.
Whatever you're selling, storage or networking or security, you're going head to head with the incumbent players.
Jobs are critically important, but looking at economic change through the impact on jobs has always been a difficult way to think about economic progress.
You go on Facebook, you buy social advertising. And you can very cost-effectively target people who are in the market for your product from all over the world.
This has been a trend for a long time; the days of lifetime employment are long since over.
I feel like I'm constantly falling behind. I feel like every day I'm out of the office I'm falling behind.
To bring out a new technology for consumers first, you just had a very long road to go down to try to find people who actually would pay money for something.
The advantage of the consumer businesses is they tend to be much broader-based, much larger number of customers, that tend to over time be a lot more predictable. The advantage of the enterprise companies is they are not as subject to consumer trend, fad, behavior.
I would say the consumer Internet companies - in a lot of ways, if you go inside the consumer Internet companies and you see how they run, it's how all their businesses are going to run.
China should be another United States from an economic standpoint. Beijing should be another Silicon Valley.
I am bullish on the global development. I am bullish on billions of people getting out of poverty.
There was a point in the late '90s where all the graduating M.B.A.'s wanted to start companies in Silicon Valley, and for the most part they were not actually qualified to do it.
When you're dealing with machines or anything that you build, it either works or it doesn't, no matter how good of a salesman you are.
Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better.
The reality is the world is a really, really big place, and there's a lot of people running around with a lot on their mind. And you really have to figure out how to build a company that can put on a message that can actually reach people and have an impact globally.
If you want to bring down the prices of healthcare and education, the answer will be more innovation, more technology, which will then have the effect of freaking everybody out and saying, 'Oh, my God, you're going to kill all the jobs.'
