American,Scientist
Study as if you were going to live forever; live as if you were going to die tomorrow.
We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.
Do not look at stars as bright spots only. Try to take in the vastness of the universe.
A young sailor boy came to see me today. It pleases me to have these lads seek me on their return from their first voyage, and tell me how much they have learned about navigation.
Every formula which expresses a law of nature is a hymn of praise to God.
The greatest object in educating is to give a right habit of study.
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.
Question everything.
Small aids to individuals, large aid to masses.
The Southern character is opposed to haste. Safety is of more worth than speed, and there is no hurry.
As a general rule, people disappoint you as you know them.
The best that can be said of my life so far is that it has been industrious, and the best that can be said of me is that I have not pretended to what I was not.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
The world of learning is so broad, and the human soul is so limited in power!
We travel to learn; and I have never been in any country where they did not do something better than we do it, think some thoughts better than we think, catch some inspiration from heights above our own.
We have a hunger of the mind which asks for knowledge of all around us, and the more we gain, the more is our desire; the more we see, the more we are capable of seeing.
Altogether, St. Louis is a growing place, and the West has a large hand and a strong grasp.
I am always the better for open-air breathing, and was certainly meant for the wandering life of the Indian.
I am just learning to notice the different colors of the stars, and already begin to have a new enjoyment.
I am just through with a summer, and a summer is to me always a trying ordeal.
I had, early in life, a love for staging, but it is fast dying out. Nine hours over a rough road are enough to root out the most passionate love of that kind.
I have just gone over my comet computations again, and it is humiliating to perceive how very little more I know than I did seven years ago when I first did this kind of work.
I have worn myself thin trying to find out about this comet, and I know very little now in the matter.
I made observations for three hours last night, and am almost ill today from fatigue; still I have worked all day, trying to reduce the places, and mean to work hard again tonight.
I saw, in looking over Cooper, elements of a comet of 1825 which resemble what I get out for this, from my own observations, but I cannot rely upon my own.
I was born, for instance, incapable of appreciating music.
