American,Writer
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Know where to find the sunrise and sunset times and note how the sky looks at those times, at least once.
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Teens think listening to music helps them concentrate. It doesn't. It relieves them of the boredom that concentration on homework induces.
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.
Be able to defend your arguments in a rational way. Otherwise, all you have is an opinion.
Avoid using cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs as alternatives to being an interesting person.
I suspect that some apparently homosexual people are really heterosexuals who deeply phobic about the opposite sex or have other emotional problems.
Be in the habit of getting up bright and early on the weekends. Why waste such precious time in bed?
Be able to cite three good qualities of every relative or acquaintance that you dislike.
When our spelling is perfect, it's invisible. But when it's flawed, it prompts strong negative associations.
Be able to decline a date so gracefully that the person isn't embarrassed that he or she asked.
Capital punishment is the source of many an argument, both good and bad.
Be able to correctly pronounce the words you would like to speak and have excellent spoken grammar.
Email, instant messaging, and cell phones give us fabulous communication ability, but because we live and work in our own little worlds, that communication is totally disorganized.
Be able to analyze statistics, which can be used to support or undercut almost any argument.
A good idea will keep you awake during the morning, but a great idea will keep you awake during the night.
Skill is successfully walking a tightrope between the twin towers of New York's World Trade Center. Intelligence is not trying.
Be able to confide your innermost secrets to your mother and your innermost fears to your father.
Be able to recognize when you're reading or hearing material biased to your own side.
Multi-tasking arises out of distraction itself.
People who work crossword puzzles know that if they stop making progress, they should put the puzzle down for a while.
At first, I only laughed at myself. Then I noticed that life itself is amusing. I've been in a generally good mood ever since.
Be in the habit of experimenting with your clothing so that you don't get stuck for life with a self-image developed over the course of high school.
Know how to drive safely when it's raining or when it's snowing. The two conditions are different.
Know what to do if you feel faint or dizzy, especially if you might fall and hit your head.
Be able to suffer wearing a necktie or slightly high heels for an entire evening without complaint or early removal.
Be able to tell whether garments that look good on the hanger actually look good on you.
Evolution has long been the target of illogical arguments that use presumption.
Experts say you can't concentrate on more than one task at a time.
I believe that one can indeed work on two or more tasks at once, but in ways yet to be understood.
I think change is possible, but only for individuals who were never truly gay in the first place and who have a strong personal motivation to recover their heterosexuality.
I would not encourage children or teens to multitask because we don't know where those efforts may lead.
Know about the appeals process, especially in the case of the most serious crimes.
Know how and how much to tip people who expect gratuities, even in the case of poor service.
Know how to behave at a buffet. Take a clean plate for a second helping.
Know how to behave at a fine restaurant, which is a telltale measure of social maturity.
Know how to effectively voice a complaint or make a claim at a retail store.
Know how to garnish food so that it is more appealing to the eye and even more flavorful than before.
Know how to travel from your town to a nearby town without a car, either by bus or by rail.
Know how to treat frostbite until you can get indoors.
Know how your representatives stand on major national or state issues.
Know the difference between principles based on right or wrong vs. principles based on personal gain, and consider the basis of your own principles.
Know the official post office abbreviations for all 50 states without having to consult a list.
Know what happens when an individual declares bankruptcy and how it affects his or her life.
Know which officials are voted into office and which are appointed, and by whom.
Know why certain foods, such as truffles, are expensive. It's not because they taste best.
Learn at least two classic ballroom dances, at least one of them Latin.
Make a habit of canceling every subscription to anything you don't have time to read.
No one would choose to be jerked randomly off task again and again until you have half a dozen things you're trying to get done, all at the same time.
Play more than one game at a time. This is a painless way to learn how to do many things at once.
Scientists and creationists are always at odds, of course.
Society needs people who can manage projects in addition to handling individual tasks.
Spending waiting moments doing crossword puzzles or reading a book you brought yourself.
The chess player who develops the ability to play two dozen boards at a time will benefit from learning to compress his or her analysis into less time.
The difference between talking on your cell phone while driving and speaking with a passenger is huge. The person on the other end of the cell phone is chattering away, oblivious.
The freedom to be an individual is the essence of America.
Understand why casinos and racetracks stay in business - the gambler always loses over the long term.
While you're writing, you can't concentrate nearly as well on what the speaker is saying.
Working in an office with an array of electronic devices is like trying to get something done at home with half a dozen small children around. The calls for attention are constant.
The length of your education is less important than its breadth, and the length of your life is less important than its depth.
