American,Novelist
Dear Internet: You are very good at spreading rumors. Truth is more valuable and much harder to come by.
I want something that's going to linger and stay with me and give me something to think about and chew over. That's the real objective here; it creates something that doesn't feel disposable.
I wasn't overwhelmed by dogma, and that sort of freed me up to look at things differently.
My fridge is full of super foods to keep my brain operating at maximum efficiency!
True violence, not the kind you usually see in television or movies, touches something very deep and primal in people.
My grandfather was Scottish and just loved the game. My grandmother was a great golfer and a club champion. Whenever I was visiting them, I got a double barrel of golf lore. I guess it was always in my blood.
I don't think you can catch lightning in a bottle twice.
There is still a wildness inside people that we've spent millennia trying to tame.
Since I've worked in film and television for so long, I've acquired the ability to let the version of the characters that lives in my mind make way for the living, breathing humans who are going to play them on screen. If you cast it right - and casting is about 80% of directing - they will eventually replace or exceed the imaginary image.
The fact that people still talk and obsess about 'Twin Peaks', more than twenty years after the fact, is a great validation for what we thought we had going at the time.
'Twin Peaks' is a continuing story; that comes from David Lynch and myself.
The architecture for 'Paladin' - given that it's at least three books, with the possibility of more - turned out to be bigger than anything I've ever created, with multiple levels of reality, interlocking mysteries and a terabyte of time frame.
I have traveled down this path before - 'List of Seven' and 'Twin Peaks' both have thematic similarities - but 'Paladin' took me much deeper into the intuitive underground. Always bearing in mind Joseph Campbell's Rule No. 1: When entering a labyrinth, don't forget your ball of twine.
The superhero genre speaks to a vast swath of humanity these days, and studios are in the business of constantly renewing their money-printing licenses. I sense we're nearing a saturation point with some of these icons, where it becomes more about the action figures and Happy Meals than it does the mythological heartbeat of the core ideas.
I've always had an idealistic streak about storytelling in that I believe we owe more to audiences than repeatedly bludgeoning them over the head while stealing their lunch money. We owe them inspiration. That's why I'm more interested now in creating new heroes than hooking up jumper cables to old ones.
I don't know if I'll have a better friend than Bill Paxton.
In the fun house of today's metastisizing sports-entertainment megaplex, when every day brings another story revealing how these 'heroes' we create are fashioned from base clay, a pause might be in order to reflect on athletes who actually embodied the qualities we think we admire in the too-easily deified.
I went to high school in Minnesota.
There's a part of 'Twin Peaks' that is sort of a hinged doorway to another, stranger place, if you can imagine such a thing.
It is interesting the way you create something and send it out into the culture, and then the culture kind of goes berserk.
The sport was right in the center of these changing social dynamics. It was a game invented by blue-collar people in Scotland but adopted by the elite in England and America. All of those conflicts were coming into the open. I was amazed to find out how much was played out in golf as well.
People forget that in the early '70s, Saturday was the most-watched night of television of the week. It was where you found 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' and 'All in the Family.'
There's so much information and journalism on television. We have too much to absorb.
I've always been interested in what passes for what we call religion, what other cultures call their spiritual life.
I'm a realist about how the networks work.
In a business that's driven purely by economics, the fact that one or two unique shows happen to get on and reach a public for a brief time doesn't constitute a trend.
A lot of people always look back at 'Twin Peaks' and say that was the start of this explosion we've had in good television drama, but we did it in a time when there were still only three networks.
The challenge for us is to try and come back and raise the bar above what we did the last time. We're coming back with season three of 'Twin Peaks' after a 25-year absence.
I don't think I consciously decided to write for the young adult audience; my subconscious decided for me.
I think you can safely say that the mystery in 'Twin Peaks' as we started to explore more is very large, there are many aspects to it and the hope is that people will find things that they are interested in in all sorts of things related to the larger mystery.
When I think of myself interacting with material that I like, that's the material that inherently appeals to me, that gives me room to have my own reaction.
If you come in with all of the answers, you might create something that's very beautiful and powerful, but I think it will also seem sterile if you don't leave room for people to have their own reactions to it.
There's such a thing as being a little too perfect - a little too shiny. I know I prefer things that have room to breathe and give you a story, a world, in which you have the room to move around.
