American,Director
Cinema is a matter of what's in the frame and what's out.
When I was growing up, I don't remember being told that America was created so that everyone could get rich. I remember being told it was about opportunity and the pursuit of happiness. Not happiness itself, but the pursuit.
The cinema began with a passionate, physical relationship between celluloid and the artists and craftsmen and technicians who handled it, manipulated it, and came to know it the way a lover comes to know every inch of the body of the beloved. No matter where the cinema goes, we cannot afford to lose sight of its beginnings.
As you grow older, you change.
There's no such thing as simple. Simple is hard.
If we just sit and exist, and understand that, I think it will be helpful in a world that seems like a record that's going faster and faster, we're spinning off the edge of the universe.
I'm re-energized by being around people who mean a lot to me.
There must be people who remember World War II and the Holocaust who can help us get out of this rut.
I'm very phobic about flying, but I'm also drawn to it.
I love studying Ancient History and seeing how empires rise and fall, sowing the seeds of their own destruction.
I do know that some Buddhists are able to attain peace of mind.
Sometimes when you're heavy into the shooting or editing of a picture, you get to the point where you don't know if you could ever do it again.
If your mother cooks Italian food, why should you go to a restaurant?
There are times when you have to face your enemies, sit down and deal with it.
If I'm not complaining, I'm not having a good time, hah hah!
It's interesting that these themes of crime and political corruption are always relevant.
People want to classify and say, 'OK, this is a gangster film.' 'This is a Western.' 'This is a... ' You know? It's easy to classify and it makes people feel comfortable, but it doesn't matter, it doesn't really matter.
I grew up within Italian-American neighborhoods, everybody was coming into the house all the time, kids running around, that sort of stuff, so when I finally got into my own area, so to speak, to make films, I still carried on.
Eradicating a religion of kindness is, I think, a terrible thing for the Chinese to attempt.
And as I've gotten older, I've had more of a tendency to look for people who live by kindness, tolerance, compassion, a gentler way of looking at things.
On every film you suffer, but on some you really suffer.
My father had this mythological sense of the old New York, and he used to tell me stories about these old gangs, particularly the Forty Thieves in the Fourth Ward.
You don't make pictures for Oscars.
Hong Kong cinema is something you can't duplicate anyway.
Any film, or to me any creative endeavour, no matter who you're working with, is, in many cases, a wonderful experience.
I just wanted to be an ordinary parish priest.
I love the look of planes and the idea of how a plane flies. The more I learn about it the better I feel; while I still may not like it, I have a sense of what is really happening.
I know there were many good policemen who died doing their duty. Some of the cops were even friends of ours. But a cop can go both ways.
I don't agree with everything he did in his life, but we're dealing with this Howard Hughes, at this point. And also ultimately the flaw in Howard Hughes, the curse so to speak.
I certainly wasn't able to get it when I was a kid growing up on the Lower East Side; it was very hard at that time for me to balance what I really believed was the right way to live with the violence I saw all around me - I saw too much of it among the people I knew.
I also saw the Dalai Lama a few times.
Howard Hughes was this visionary who was obsessed with speed and flying like a god... I loved his idea of what filmmaking was.
Every year or so, I try to do something; it keeps me refreshed as to what's going on in front of the lens, and I understand what the actor is going through.
The term 'giant' is used too often to describe artists. But in the case of Akira Kurosawa, we have one of the rare instances where the term fits.
You never know how much time you have left.
I'd like to do a number of films. Westerns. Genre pieces. Maybe another film about Italian Americans where they're not gangsters, just to prove that not all Italians are gangsters.
I don't really see many people... don't really go anywhere either.
All my life, I never really felt comfortable anywhere in New York, except maybe in an apartment somewhere.
Some of my films are known for the depiction of violence. I don't have anything to prove with that any more.
I think when you're young and have that first burst of energy and make five or six pictures in a row that tell the stories of all the things in life you want to say... well, maybe those are the films that should have won me the Oscar.
I make different films now.
I've seen many, many movies over the years, and there are only a few that suddenly inspire you so much that you want to continue to make films.
I've been to North Africa many times.
I mean, music totally comes from your soul.
I've always liked 3D.
Popular music formed the soundtrack of my life.
Well, I think in my own work the subject matter usually deals with characters I know, aspects of myself, friends of mine - that sort of thing.
You make a deal. You figure out how much sin you can live with.
One of the things is that the good intentions of Prohibition, from reading over the years and from becoming obsessed with the research of gangs in New York City, seems to have allowed crime figures at the time, like Luciano, Capone, Torrio and Rothstein, to organize to become more powerful, which pulled all the way through until the '70s.
I'm an older generation.
I grew up in the Lower East Side, an Italian American - more Sicilian, actually.
I wish I could do everything in 3D.
Film in the 20th century, it's the American art form, like jazz.
I was saying as a joke the other day that I love film editing, I know how to cut a picture, I think I know how to shoot it, but I don't know how to light it. And I realize it's because I didn't grow up with light. I grew up in tenements.
I didn't realize there are generations who do not know about the origins of film.
I loved the idea of seeing the world through a boy's eyes.
Most people have stereo vision, so why belittle that very, very important element of our existence?
If everything moves along and there are no major catastrophes we're basically headed towards holograms.
People have to start talking to know more about other cultures and to understand each other.
The young people today are the 21st century.
It's hard to let new stuff in. And whether that admits a weakness, I don't know.
The fact that food plays such an important part in my films has everything to do with my family.
Food tells you everything about the way people live and who they are.
My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else.
I think all the great studio filmmakers are dead or no longer working. I don't put myself, my friends, and other contemporary filmmakers in their category. I just see us doing some work.
The Five Points was the toughest street corner in the world. That's how it was known. In fact, Charles Dickens visited it in the 1850s and he said it was worse than anything he'd seen in the East End of London.
Well the thing is that the New York of 1846 to 1862 was very different from downtown New York now. Really nothing from that period still exists in New York.
The best I can do is to make a film every two years.
My working-class Italian-American parents didn't go to school, there were no books in the house.
A lot of what I'm obsessed with is the relationship and the dynamics between people and the family, particularly brothers and their father.
People say you should do it this way, someone else suggests that, yes, there's financing, but maybe you should use this actor. And there are the threats, at the end - if you don't do it this way, you'll lose your box office; if you don't do it that way, you'll never get financed again... 35, 40 years of this, you get beat up.
There was always a part of me that wanted to be an old-time director. But I couldn't do that. I'm not a pro.
There are two kinds of power you have to fight. The first is the money, and that's just our system. The other is the people close around you, knowing when to accept their criticism, knowing when to say no.
You've got to understand when a collaborator isn't satisfied anymore.
Part of making any endeavour is that each one has its own special problems. It's the nature of the process.
The bottom line is, I tend to be going back to older and older music.
Working with HBO was an opportunity to experience creative freedom and 'long-form development' that filmmakers didn't have a chance to do before the emergence of shows like 'The Sopranos.'
Being a father at a later age is different from when I had my other two daughters when I was in my 20s and 30s. If you're in your 60s and you're with the kid every day, you're dealing with the mind of a child, so it opens up that childishness in you again.
It's very good for me to remember what actors go through.
I don't like being in houses alone.
I don't think there's a subject matter that can't absorb 3-D; that can't tolerate the addition of depth as a storytelling technique.
Death comes in a flash, and that's the truth of it, the person's gone in less than 24 frames of film.
I mean I have a project that I have been wanting to make for quite a while now; and basically, it's a story of my parents growing up in the Lower East Side.
I still dislike phones, yeah!
I know that I come from mid-20th century America, urban, specifically downtown New York, specifically an Italian-American area, Roman Catholic - that's who I am. And a part of what I know is there's a decency to people who tried to make a living in the kind of world that was around us and also the Skid Row area of the Bowery; it impressed me.
We can't keep thinking in a limited way about what cinema is. We still don't know what cinema is. Maybe cinema could only really apply to the past or the first 100 years, when people actually went to a theater to see a film, you see?
I'm sad to see celluloid go, there's no doubt. But, you know, nitrate went, by the way, in 1971. If you ever saw a nitrate print of a silent film and then saw an acetate print, you'd see a big difference, but nobody remembers anymore. The acetate print is what we have. Maybe. Now it's digital.
I think all of us, under certain circumstances, could be capable of some very despicable acts. And that's why, over the years, in my movies I've had characters who didn't care what people thought about them. We try to be as true to them as possible and maybe see part of ourselves in there that we may not like.
