American,Writer
Compassion brings us to a stop, and for a moment we rise above ourselves.
Procrastination makes easy things hard, hard things harder.
The lonely become either thoughtful or empty.
A happy arrangement: many people prefer cats to other people, and many cats prefer people to other cats.
Cure for an obsession: get another one.
Moo may represent an idea, but only the cow knows.
Even cats grow lonely and anxious.
Human society sustains itself by transforming nature into garbage.
Living alone makes it harder to find someone to blame.
We are prepared for insults, but compliments leave us baffled.
Only the broken-hearted know the truth about love.
Art begins in imitation and ends in innovation.
Death is frightening, and so is Eternal Life.
Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you are praying.
Complainers change their complaints, but they never reduce the amount of time spent in complaining.
Lust and greed are more gullible than innocence.
Psychology keeps trying to vindicate human nature. History keeps undermining the effort.
Magic trick: to make people disappear, ask them to fulfill their promises.
Romance is tempestuous. Love is calm.
Fantasy mirrors desire. Imagination reshapes it.
Cats are inquisitive, but hate to admit it.
Observe decorum, and it will open a path to morality.
If you call failures experiments, you can put them in your resume and claim them as achievements.
Documents create a paper reality we call proof.
Flattery and insults raise the same question: What do you want?
Love begins with an image; lust with a sensation.
Self-hatred and self-love are equally self-centered.
The educated do not share a common body of information, but a common state of mind.
Malice is always authentic and sincere.
A blocked path also offers guidance.
Journalism never admits that nothing much is happening.
In the street, the gaze of desire is furtive or menacing.
The passion for money is never fickle.
The novel avoids the sublime and seeks out the interesting.
Three meals plus bedtime make four sure blessings a day.
Cynicism is full of naive disappointments.
Women encourage men to be childish, then scold them.
What lies behind appearance is usually another appearance.
Ideology has shaped the very sofa on which I sit.
A great reader seldom recognizes his solitude.
Irony regards every simple truth as a challenge.
The real secrets are not the ones I tell.
Eternity eludes us, even as a thought.
My mind is led astray by every faint rustle.
If beggars do not hate the rest of us, they are even more abject than I had imagined.
The discontented believe that their regrets are about the past.
Ultimately, blind faith is the only kind.
Creativity makes a leap, then looks to see where it is.
Staid middle age loves the hurricane passions of opera.
Seeing my malevolent face in the mirror, my benevolent soul shrinks back.
Good parties create a temporary youthfulness.
The horse stares at its captor, barely remembering the free kicks of youth.
'Be faithful to your roots' is the liberal version of 'Stay in your ghetto.'
I love you is the inscription on Pandora's box.
Middle age went by while I was mourning for my lost youth.
The sage belongs to the same obsolete repertory as the virtuous maiden and the enlightened monarch.
The beginning of self-knowledge: recognizing that your motives are the same as other people's.
I'm being treated like a sex object, cried the lady. No matter. I will take care of it, said Time soothingly.
Even boredom has its crises.
Don't stare into a mirror when you are trying to solve a problem.
Taste refers to the past, imagination to the future.
Who would not give up wit for power and beauty?
An omnipotent God is the only being with no reason to lie.
Expensive advertising courts us with hints and images. The ordinary kind merely says, Buy.
Innocence is thought charming because it offers delightful possibilities for exploitation.
The shades of respectability begin to close about the greying head.
The laughter of the aphorism is sometimes triumphant, but seldom carefree.
Reality is the name we give to our disappointments.
The wisdom of age: don't stop walking.
In bridge clubs and in councils of state, the passions are the same.
In the game of love, the losers are more celebrated than the winners.
Folly always knows the answer.
Fears and lies intensify consciousness.
Never ask a bore a question.
Think carefully before asking for justice. Mercy might be safer.
The time I kill is killing me.
Many gloat over their own troubles.
Money: power at its most liquid.
Never try to leap from a standstill.
The body has a mind of its own.
Cruelty is softened by fear, not pity.
General statements omit what we really want to know. Example: some horses run faster than others.
Rage is exciting, but leaves me confused and exhausted.
Worried about being a dull fellow? You might develop your talent for being irritating.
Writers mean more than they say and say more than they mean.
A blunt statement can be as false as any other.
A sense of blessedness comes from a change of heart, not from more blessings.
Amazing that the human race has taken enough time out from thinking about food or sex to create the arts and sciences.
Dancing and running shake up the chemistry of happiness.
Friends are sometimes boring, but enemies never.
Old age: I fall asleep during the funerals of my friends.
Old and young disbelieve one another's truths.
The aim of literary ambition is to demonstrate one's greatness of soul.
Without civilization, we would not turn into animals, but vegetables.
If I play hard to get, soon the phone stops ringing altogether.
Events are called inevitable only after they have occurred.
If you are going to break a Law of Art, make the crime interesting.
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.
Stated clearly enough, an idea may cancel itself out.
Romantics consider common sense vulgar.
Mind and body obstruct one another's pleasures.
Few friendships could survive the moodiness of love affairs.
If success is a habit, it is a hard one to acquire.
Language is the friendliest of the things from which we cannot escape.
Reason enables us to get around in the world of ideas, but cannot prescribe our thoughts.
The power of lying is much less than the power of what is not to be discussed.
While we are reading, we are all Don Quixote.
Self-reform is the only kind that works.
My thought has been shaped by books; my desires by pictures.
Thinking about the universe has now been handed over to specialists. The rest of us merely read about it.
When sages commend excess, Desire is sick.
If we think about the obvious long enough, it dissolves.
In psychoanalysis, only the fee is exactly what it seems to be.
The higher the moral tone, the more suspect the speaker.
Well-behaved: he always speaks as if his mother might be listening.
A real idea keeps changing and appears in many places.
Every literary critic believes he will outwit history and have the last word.
Few artists can afford artistic temperament.
First literature came to refer only to itself, the literary theory.
As equality increases, so does the number of people struggling for predominance.
Fulfillment is often more trouble than it is worth.
When a man bores a woman, she complains. When a woman bores a man, he ignores her.
Children now expect their parents to audition for approval.
Forgiveness is like faith. You have to keep reviving it.
My parents wanted me to solace them for sorrows they denied having had.
Children use all their wiles to get their way with adults. Adults do the same with children.
Listening to people keeps them entertained.
Logic and fact keep interfering with the easy flow of conversation.
Fail, and your friends feel superior. Succeed, and they feel resentful.
Hatred observes with more care than love does.
Most people regard getting their way as a matter of simple justice.
Talk about yourself as much as you like, but do not expect others to listen.
Affection reproaches, but does not denounce.
City people make most of the fuss about the charms of country life.
Hatred of the mother is familiar, but the mother's hatred still comes as a surprise.
Young poets bewail the passing of love; old poets, the passing of time. There is surprisingly little difference.
Most reputations are not ruined but forgotten.
Philosophy likes to keen common sense on the run.
When I prayed for success, I forgot to ask for sound sleep and good digestion.
To understand a literary style, consider what it omits.
There are different rules for reading, for thinking, and for talking. Writing blends all three of them.
The gods are watching, but idly, yawning.
Critic's delight: scolding the Mighty Dead.
The passions are the same in every conflict, large or small.
Families in which nothing is ever discussed usually have a lot not to discuss.
Imagination has rules, but we can only guess what they are.
Poor but happy is not a phrase invented by a poor person.
The doctrine of the immortality of the soul has more threat than comfort.
Sincerity: willingness to spend one's own money.
Unlike the actual, the fictional explains itself.
Consciousness is our only reprieve from Time.
Promiscuity is like never reading past the first page. Monogamy is like reading the same book over and over.
Conscious thought is the tidying up at the end.
Lying just for the fun of it is either art or pathology.
Some loves are like a vice that has ceased to give pleasure.
Often, when I want to consult my impulses, I cannot find them.
If the world would apologize, I might consider a reconciliation.
Why do we never expect dull people to be rascals?
After my spectacular failures, I could not be satisfied with an ordinary success.
The only peace is being out of earshot.
At sixty, I know little more about wisdom than I did at thirty, but I know a great deal more about folly.
For many, immaturity is an ideal, not a defect.
The man in the street is always a stranger.
The man of sensibility is too busy talking about his feelings to have time for good deeds.
People believe that photographs are true and therefore cannot be art.
Kafka: cries of helplessness in twenty powerful volumes.
An academic dialect is perfected when its terms are hard to understand and refer only to one another.
Other people's beliefs may be myths, but not mine.
I see what you mean, but I do not think what you think.
While there's life, there's fear.
Reputation runs behind the current state of affairs.
I have learned to keep to myself how exceptional I am.
I read less and less. I have not forgiven books for their failure to tell me the truth and make me happy.
Rereading, we find a new book.
Sloth, not ill-will, makes me unjust.
Fastidious taste makes enjoyment a struggle.
I did not know I was in my prime until afterwards.
Totem poles and wooden masks no longer suggest tribal villages but fashionable drawing rooms in New York and Paris.
Office politics are bloody-minded, but weak on content.
To understand someone, find out how he spends his money.
If modesty disappeared, so would exhibitionism.
Kindness eases everything almost as much as money does.
No chaos, no creation. Evidence: the kitchen at mealtime.
Art seduces, but does not exploit.
To be successful be ahead of your time, but only a little.
People who abhor solitude may abhor company almost as much.
In every death, a busy world comes to an end.
