American,Journalist
Television saved the movies. The Internet is going to save the news business.
I never think too far into the future. I'm too busy thinking about tomorrow's news.
Not everything I do is gossip or bedroom. To the contrary, I think that's just an easy label to dismiss me and to dismiss the new medium.
I do most of my business on that dirty Internet that you were just talking about, where I find there is a lot of freedom to report exactly what I want.
I don't necessarily think anything on a Web site can have a result.
It seems to me we are losing our way in an effort to get the ratings.
I'm not mean.
You would be amazed what the ordinary guy knows.
The first step in good reporting is good snooping.
I cover media people the way they cover politicians.
All truths begin as hearsay, as far as I'm concerned.
There won't be editors in the future with the Internet world, with citizen reporting. That doesn't scare me.
I've written thousands of stories, started hundreds of news cycles.
The Internet feeds off the main press, and the main press feeds off the Internet. They're working in tandem.
I want one place I can go that is not going to be lewd, and I'm not sure there is anything left.
The media is comparable to government-probably passes government in raw power.
Because I have success, it doesn't mean I'm part of the mainstream. I'm still an outsider.
There's a danger of the Internet just becoming loud, ugly and boring with a thousand voices screaming for attention.
There's nothing more exciting than to watch a story break and grow, and to be the first one to present it to the world.
We have entered an era vibrating with the din of small voices. Every citizen can be a reporter, can take on the powers that be.
I was first to break the news about the death of Lady Diana. The CNN team couldn't get into makeup fast enough.
With a modem, anyone can follow the world and report on the world-no middle man, no big brother. I guess this changes everything.
If technology has finally caught up with individual liberty, why would anyone who loves freedom want to rethink that?
Some of the best news stories start in gossip. Monica Lewinsky certainly was gossip in the beginning. I had heard it months before I printed it.
I envision a future where there'll be 300 million reporters, where anyone from anywhere can report for any reason. It's freedom of participation absolutely realized.
Meet them once and you're innocent; meet them twice and you're not. So if you see me having drinks again with Harvey Weinstein then, okay, you've got me.
