American,Actor
I tend to wear my emotions on my sleeve. I've had my share of mood swings, believe me. But it's a powerful thing when you realize that you have dominion over your behavior and your passions.
One of my biggest fears is not being able to break out of a rut; of becoming a prisoner to my ways, unable to change course. But in my mid-thirties, I learned you can change your thinking.
One of my greatest fears is not being able to change, to be caught in a never-ending cycle of sameness. Growth is so important.
I think anytime you can do something you haven't seen or done in a film before, it's always a great day as an actor.
It's important to air your concerns and fears with someone you trust. When you're honest about how you can change and grow, and where your weaknesses are, then you open the door for improvement and change.
I like to take chances. The actors I admire are the ones who aren't afraid to make themselves nasty, bad or even goofy. I've never shied away from controversial characters.
I don't like to give out advice. I make suggestions when I get to know somebody a little bit, but I don't know about advice.
Sunsets are great. Sunrises are a mixed bag. You either got up way too early or went to bed way too late.
I don't know why, but I like the saxophone.
I'm not the greatest boyfriend, but I'm not a creep. It's more like I'm... absent-minded.
Love is messy. It's not something that's real clean.
One thing that everybody told me about directing was, 'Never compromise'. And the whole job is a compromise. So it's very paradoxical. How do you not compromise when the whole thing is about compromise?
I grew up with the white picket fence. My dad went to work nine to five, and he had a station wagon.
It was being young and sensitive and an actor. There was a lot of pressure, everything was a hurdle.
The worst thing I could be accused of is that I'm a one-way dude, only out for myself. But the worst thing a woman can do is not to say anything. Especially when you're starting a relationship.
When I was twenty-two it was a lot harder to get hurt by women. It was easier for me to, you know, cheat on a girlfriend. I can't lie like that anymore.
I only hear my own voice. When you start hearing other voices, then it's time to worry.
These are people who haven't gone through the legal means to becoming citizens like our forefathers did. They want all the benefits but none of the responsibilities.
In politics there are so many holes, so many contradictions, you don't know what's happening.
The first music I was ever exposed to was Irish folk music, like the Clancy Brothers. My father plays that and Christmas songs.
Those are the kinds of roles you can really sink your teeth into. Characters with an edge. When you're playing someone who's sort of seedy, there's less limitation, there's so much space you can travel. There's room to move in.
Looks aren't a big thing to me. I keep reading these articles in fan magazines about me, and I don't even know who they're talking about. It's boring.
Of course, if you're gonna make movies, you gotta make movies, and I'm not gonna say no to a good role.
I'm not a Buddhist, or a card-carrying member of any religion.
What's really great about Buddhism is its rational, informal quality. Coming from my experience of growing up a Catholic, I found Buddhism to be refreshingly easygoing and forgiving.
We get caught up in all the stress - 'Got to do this, is this the right thing for me to do?' - but what about the thing you want to do? That's what'll keep you young. It's empowering, not becoming a prisoner of some other person's idea of what you should be.
I don't hide out. If you build a wall around yourself, it draws people to invade it. Fear is the enemy.
I don't fall in love easily. It's odd; one of the first things I think about when I go out with a woman is what it would be like to be married to her. And yet I have a tough time committing.
I'm drawn to women who live in a world different from my own. I don't believe you have to marry someone from your own backyard. James Joyce married a woman who never read any of his books.
Fame is part of me and my life as an actor. I enjoy the creative aspects of my life as an actor. I enjoy directing and acting as well. But the bottom line for me is not prestige and power. It's about having an exciting, creative life.
