American,Producer
You either ignore the comic book and make a great movie or you stay very close to the comic book.
I think there's a time in your life where you don't feel like you fit in. I think everyone has that when you're a teenager, especially, and especially in the society we live in.
You can't please everyone... If you make a good movie, that's all that matters.
I had a philosophy, which may have been proven right, that directing isn't as hard as everyone says it is.
It's a juggernaut, yeah... but I'm not phased by making movies.
I'm as conservative as they come.
I will never sign anything which makes me have to do more than one film.
I like the X-Men, otherwise I wouldn't be doing it.
Being a producer, I deal with a lot of different directors, and some of them would drive me insane with all the different histrionics, and the mystique that they carry.
You need cliches. Cliches are what people respond to.
Cliches are what make you understand something.
So I think I sometimes will put a cliche in and then just pad it out so you're not noticing.
And writing I think is a gift that you have, the same as acting, in a way.
I'll never be a good writer, and no chance of being a good actor.
Some people are directors and I think they should stay behind the camera.
Crime, money, power, drugs - are all linked.
What I learned very quickly is that if you get it right in the first two or three takes, it's not going to get that much better.
I like doing as many special effects in camera, as much as possible.
I think movies glamorize violence, in the sense that they make it in a way that it's either cool or funny.
I'm a Star Wars fanatic.
I think it's easier to make a film with 200 million dollars than 960 grand.
So I am concerned about the amount of time we have to make it, cause it doesn't matter how much money you have, you can't create more time.
People just want to watch movies that are entertaining, it doesn't matter what genre it is.
Music is half the film.
I think music is what takes the experience off the screen into your soul, into your head.
I'm a big believer that it doesn't matter what you call your company, nobody ever notices.
