American,Producer
You can make fun of everything.
I would vote for a Mormon.
The culture is just so coarse that you have to take it to that level and people will be like, 'Whoa!' And then you can make people think about stuff. It's kind of like shock therapy.
We were the only ones interested in comedy. Everybody else wanted to be Martin Scorsese.
There are good characters and bad characters.
And there's a visceral fun in watching Team America and making it, like taking a puppet and throwing it against the wall. Because it's not CG, there's something funny about it.
We've rewritten entire scenes and had them animated twelve hours before the show goes on the air. It's not fun.
In our show, there's usually a comeuppance. Or, if not, it's an anti-ending. And you're supposed to get that.
I may have my personal political thing, but we never wanted it to stain the show.
At this point, we've ripped on everyone.
We're kind of like the smoking section in high school. We're immature, keep to ourselves.
That decision to commit your life to certain principles and a certain narrative, if I wrote a paper on that, I know I'd find inconsistencies.
I went to a couple Academy Awards parties and I was definitely like, 'Whoa, no one will talk to me.'
I just get my news from the Internet.
Even celebrities, most people have a sense of humor. Most of the people we meet who we've done on the show, like it.
We've been around long enough and have been to enough award shows to know that it is easy to lose to Phil Collins at any time.
I'm a producer... I am a Hollywood producer. That is so weird. And it's not lame. But it's just like, how did that happen?
I definitely think we get a lot of respect for what we do, but I definitely think that some people don't like us, which is fine.
I just hate that Lucas... and it is not just Lucas, because everybody does it, where, boom, they get it out, and then there's a special edition for a movie that doesn't deserve a special edition.
It is like football with coaches, like, 'We're only going to think about the next game.' It is really true, all you think is, 'Okay, we have to make a good next episode.'
Sometimes I wish I could get fired.
We don't feel pressure of, 'Let's make this really raunchy.' It's more about making a good story, which is 10 times harder. The raunchy stuff's really easy for us.
We are entertainers. We're trying to entertain people.
It's the business of movies, it's the fights that go along with the level of budget, and more than anything, it's the creative constipation of having to live with one idea for two or three years. It's just not that fun.
There's something uniquely aggravating about the smugness of liberal Hollywood.
I would never want the show to be a Democrat show or Republican show, because for us the show's more important than that. It isn't for everybody else in the world, but it is for us.
