American,Musician
A circle is the reflection of eternity. It has no beginning and it has no end - and if you put several circles over each other, then you get a spiral.
I can't be a legend yet. I'm not dead.
I'm a pessimist. But I'm a pessimist with a sense of responsibility.
People have to follow their hearts, and if their hearts lead them to Wal-Mart, so be it.
I believe that music is a force in itself. It is there and it needs an outlet, a medium. In a way, we are just the medium.
Once you take yourself too seriously the art will suffer.
And if you don't live, you have nothing to write about.
A lot of people into Tool, for some reason, are not interested in humor.
Everything revolves around the music when it comes to Tool.
If you take different mythologies from different cultures, the names may change and the story lines may vary but there is always something in common.
Most religious stories and mythologies have some sort of similar root, some sort of global archetypes.
I see a lot of patterns in our behavior as a nation that parallel a lot of other historical processes.
There were a lot of choices to make and I always picked artist. I never once picked doctor, lawyer, firemen or something like that. It was always artist.
I think the biggest problem working with me would be that I'm an only child, and so I have an internal dialogue that goes on that I just assume you can hear.
Just in general, any government throughout history hasn't really wanted its people to be educated, because then they couldn't control them as easily.
Adam does most of the work when it comes to videos and he basically does the same as I do with the lyrics. The videos are his visual interpretations of our music.
I think the media made Manson, turned him into some larger than life figure and surrounded him with mystery and some shady glamour.
We're five people, five individuals who came together to create something, to make music and to complete each other musically, to form a perfect circle.
A lot of names in America and Europe have their roots in Latin and Greek words. A lot of them go back to archetypes and their stories.
I always knew that I wanted to be an artist.
I always knew that I wanted to be creative, that I wanted to create something.
Because artists can be extremely eccentric and insane, and unfortunately, the people they hurt the most are the people that are closest to them.
The idea is, if I can't heal from my art, then how can you heal?
Because as an only child, you have your own little world.
I'm a lot easier to work with now than I have been in the past, for sure.
I just hope that our fans are people who are inspired by music, and just use our music as a background or inspiration for whatever it is they do.
