American,Actress
I love the beach, and I love sunshine.
I'm not a 'sexy' 'beautiful' woman. It takes a lot of work to make me look like a girl.
I try to live with the idea that karma is a very real thing. So I put out what I want to get back.
When you become a celebrity, the world owns you and your image.
I think you accidentally learn things in high school that turn out to be life lessons when you are able to step back a bit and study them in more depth.
I don't need someone else's power. I'm obtaining my own.
When you think about it, we actors are kind of prostitutes. We get paid to feign attraction and love. Other people are paying to watch us kissing someone, touching someone, doing things people in a normal monogamous relationship would never do with anyone who's not their partner. It's really kind of gross.
I'm horrible to live with. I don't clean. My clothes end up wherever I take them off. I forget to flush the toilet.
I could see myself in a relationship with a girl; Olivia Wilde is so sexy she makes me want to strangle a mountain ox with my bare hands. She's mesmerizing.
I resent having to prove that I'm not a retard.
Well, I'm clearly not ugly.
I want to be invisible.
I feel intimidated by fashion.
Sarcasm doesn't translate in print at all.
Boys in their twenties are a waste of time. They have nothing to offer conversationally; they're immature. I feel like I have a better shot with someone in his thirties.
I'm not a lesbian. I just think that all humans are born with the ability to be attracted to both sexes.
I am a stepmother to the fullest extent.
Getting married was the best thing I've ever done.
I'm a passionate individual, and sometimes when I have strong feelings about a subject, I feel the need to express myself.
I have a lot more fun making comedies because there's a levity on the set, and I find it difficult to go to work and, you know, cry for 12 hours.
In New York, especially, so much of your life is spent on the streets. You don't always want to be driving around in an SUV with a security guard. You want to be able to walk to a restaurant; you want to go and do things.
If you're in a heterosexual relationship and you're a female, you win.
I grew up craving the spotlight, and once it happened, I immediately recoiled.
People who don't like me talk about it as though I'm trash because I have tattoos. I find that insane because it's 2008, not the 1950s. Tattoos aren't limited to sailors. It's a form of art I find beautiful. I love it.
I like the bad-boy types. Generally the guy I'm attracted to is the guy in the club with all the tattoos and nail polish. He's usually the lead singer in a punk band and plays guitar. But my serious boyfriends are relatively clean-cut, nice guys. So it's strange.
'Midnight Nation' is really interesting.
When I was 14, I thought I was the coolest kid in school because I told everyone the jokes in FHM.
Zac Efron is my obsession, we're the same person. We're not actually here, it's like Janet and Michael Jackson. He just puts on his wig and a dress, and it's me, and you don't know that. It's one of the greatest mysteries of all time.
I'm just really confident sexually, and I think that sort of oozes out of my pores. It's just there. It's something I don't have to turn on.
I'm not trying to take Cate Blanchett down.
I have no friends and I never leave my house.
I think all women in Hollywood are known as sex symbols. That's what our purpose is in this business. You're merchandised, you're a product. You're sold and it's based on sex. But that's okay. I think women should be empowered by that, not degraded.
I've never been a big believer in formal education.
I need to behave in a way that will cause people to take me seriously.
When I talk about my husband, I feel as if people roll their eyes. It's like when you're 16 and order a martini, and the waiter says, 'Do you think I'm stupid?'. They can't grasp that I'm old enough to be married.
To be outspoken, or different at all, is a problem for women.
If I ever lose a role because of my tattoos, I'll quit Hollywood and go to work at Costco.
Hollywood is the most superficial thing you could possibly be a part of and if I weren't attractive I wouldn't be working at all.
People just assume that if you're famous, you're in Hollywood.
I've actually stopped tinting my windows because the paparazzi look for trucks and cars with supertinted windows.
I don't really resent being on the red carpet as much as I do having to deal with the paparazzi.
I'm one of those people who fiercely guards their privacy, so I hate doing interviews.
Some girls love to go to the airport and have 50 paparazzi on them. I go to the airport and have a mental breakdown.
You want to go to work with people you like and where everyone is having fun.
I still like the run and gun action movies and how truly dangerous it can be to make these films.
I'm not on Twitter.
I love comic books. I just do.
I don't think men approach me for intellectual conversation.
If you're billed as a comedian, people will accept anything you say as light-hearted and not with intent behind it.
I loved 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.' It was such a big part of my childhood.
I like funny guys and those, for some reason, tend to be nerdy guys.
I hate doing photo shoots.
No one believes me when I talk about this, but I'm really, really maternal.
And you know, the people who hate kids and don't want kids always end up having 50 of them.
I don't like the sound of my voice.
I would really love to go on an archaeological dig.
I just grate on my own nerves. I don't like to watch me.
All women in Hollywood are known as sex symbols.
I've learned that being a celebrity is like being a sacrificial lamb. At some point, no matter how high the pedestal that they put you on, they're going to tear you down.
But me contradicting a news story is not going to make my words fact. It will just create a new news story.
I don't like feeling out of control. I have to feel like I'm in control of my body.
What people don't realize is that fame, whatever your worst experience in high school, when you were being bullied by those ten kids in high school, fame is that, but on a global scale, where you're being bullied by millions of people constantly.
I've read the 'Book of Revelation' a million times. It does not make sense, obviously. It needs to be decoded.
I would like to uncover the secrets of the universe.
I believe in all of these Irish myths, like leprechauns. Not the pot of gold, not the Lucky Charms leprechauns. But maybe was there something in the traditional sense? I believe that this stuff came from somewhere other than people's imaginations.
I'm pretty sure I'm a doppelganger for Alan Alda. I'm a trannie; I'm a man.
I was grounded for all of my childhood. Not most - all.
My mom lived with me until I started making enough money to support myself. I was asking her to leave the entire time. I'd been ready to move out since I was, like, 14.
I have no problem with commitment - you can't have a real relationship without it. I can flip on a switch in my brain, and even if the next Brad Pitt is standing next to me, I won't look at him. But I can also turn that switch off, and then I collect attractive boys.
I've never even come close to having a one-night stand.
My biggest regret is that I've assisted the media in making me into a cartoon character. I don't regret what has happened to me, but I regret the way I have dealt with it.
My body parts are all I have left now that are only mine - the world owns everything else.
I've had rough first trimesters. But once you get into the second, it's fine after that.
I don't want to have to be like a Scarlett Johansson - who I have nothing against - but I don't want to have to go on talk shows and pull out every SAT word I've ever learned to prove, like, 'Take me seriously, I am intelligent, I can speak.'
I'm so suspicious of boys-slash-men. I just don't like them or trust them.
I've lived the life of a 35-year-old since I was 18.
I'll starve to death before I'll cook for myself.
I think I could survive a week without eating.
I could go days, weeks, without talking to another human being.
I hate receiving compliments; I hate being told I'm talented or people think I'm going to be a movie star. I always feel that it's forced and fake.
I've never really socialized; I've always been anti-social and preferred to be at home. I was never, even my late teens and early twenties, into clubs and parties and stuff like that.
I feel like if you are with someone through the process of pregnancy and delivery, if nothing else, there is such an incredible amount of respect that would lead into some sort of love in one way or another.
I'm really insecure about everything.
I'm emotionally unpredictable and all over the place.
I don't want to have people get completely sick of me before I've ever even done something legitimate.
I'm not a type of feminist who is afraid to be sexy.
I want to be as pretty as Robert Pattinson.
I think it's perfectly acceptable not to run with cliques.
Ninety-eight percent of the things that come out of my mouth are intended to be harmless or even charming. They're not ever intended to be offensive or controversial.
As soon as you tell me to do one thing, I do the opposite. As soon as someone tells me not to get any more tattoos, I have this intense fire burning inside me to cover myself with them. I don't care if it's self-destructive. I just have that need to rebel.
I never call them 'guys;' I always call them 'boys.' Maybe it's a superiority complex - my needing to keep them down.
I basically read every book ever written about Marilyn Monroe.
Until you have kids, you can't imagine how much you could possibly love a human being.
I just really want it at some point to be OK for women and young girls to be sexy because I think that's a power, a gift that we were given by God or the universe or whatever.
I have to really enjoy someone's personality, not just their looks, before I'll kiss them.
My dad used to hunt ducks, and my mom would put them in the pot. We lived really modestly. We had very little money.
People expected 'Jennifer's Body' to make so much money. But I was doubtful. The movie is about a man-eating, cannibalistic lesbian cheerleader, and that pretty much eliminates middle America. It's obviously a girl-power movie, but it's also about how scary girls are. Girls can be a nightmare.
When I sit down to talk to men's magazines, there's a certain character that I play. She's not fully fleshed out - she doesn't have her own name - but she shows up to do men's-magazine interviews.
People compare me to Angelina Jolie, and she's so serious and stoic. I'm the opposite.
Having an infant is difficult. It's a lot of work, and I didn't hire any help because I overestimated my own abilities.
There's a misconception that maybe I'm overly confident or a little vapid or that I am a stereotypical, bratty, spoiled girl who doesn't have much to bring to the table other than how people perceive her physically.
My main weakness is nerves.
There's a million people I could name who are more deserving of the parts that I get and the life that I'm living.
I want people to know me through the movies I do. I want to be judged on that. If you start becoming famous for your personal life, that's when your career goes away.
If I get stuck doing comic-book films for the rest of my life, I'll be really happy.
I booked 'Transformers' having no clue what I was doing. And then, all of a sudden, it was like: 'You've got to get your game together fast.' It sucks, but I'm trying.
Every time someone uses a bathroom and they flush, all the bacteria is shot into the air.
Because everyone is someone's child, every woman seems like someone's mother.
I don't make any sense: I'm a germaphobe, but I'm really messy.
I can cook, but I also want everything to look beautiful on the plate - then I get upset when people eat it. Everyone just tears through it, and that makes me sad. It's not a rewarding experience for me to cook.
Try and stay away from dairy - especially if you're a woman! It's really hard on your hormones.
I was too young to have watched '90210.'
I feel people think I'm almost like a robot - like an android... I just don't really get portrayed as someone who has feelings or who is sympathetic... like a self-absorbed ice queen.
When good things come in, my agent calls or sends me the script. But I allow them to sort through the offers so that I am not just sitting and reading everything because honestly, sometimes the scripts that appeal to me are projects that are not good projects, but I just really like the script or the characters.
Armani is a fashion house that I think is iconic and beautiful.
You never know when someone is videotaping you or trying to capture your image. I see how it makes some people crazy.
I don't read my own press, so I don't know what's being reported on a daily basis - I only hear about things when they reach a sort of Def-Con status, and my publicist calls me because we have to do some damage control.
I have a season pass to several of the VH1 shows, like 'Rock of Love' and Flavor Flav's show. It's kind of embarrassing because it's completely ignorant television - it's all totally fake and garbage - but I still love it.
I started drawing when I was about 2, mostly pictures of my mother and my sister. When I got into school, instead of taking the notes that I should have been taking, I was drawing in all of my notebooks. It was an artwork thing for me at first.
If I really buckle down, I think one day I could be a very good actress.
Angelina Jolie was always a Method actress. She'd been nominated for Golden Globes before she ever did 'Tomb Raider.'
I personally always find something really scary about watching little girls learning to manipulate their dads by baby talking. Then they grow up and use the same technique on their boyfriends or husbands. That scares me because it's just so sick on so many levels.
I was raised Catholic. I went to Catholic school for 12 years.
When you're doing a film, you're on a set and you have retakes and you have time to get it right. And on 'SNL' it's just go, go, go. If you can't read the cue cards or miss your mark, you're just left to sort of screw up. So there's a lot more pressure doing a live TV show.
When you're in something as successful as 'Transformers,' you can't use it as a sales piece for your ability as an actress because it's all about the special effects.
I always want to be a part of ensembles. Besides it feeling safer, I think it's a more fun environment to work in. To have a bunch of people collaborating on something, it takes the pressure off of each individual.
I hate going out and being in crowds or being in clubs. I can't deal with it, and I don't like it; I've never liked it.
