American,Actress
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time.
A rich man can afford to be generous to many.
I can choose to accelerate my disease to an alcoholic death or incurable insanity, or I can choose to live within my thoroughly human condition.
Neiman-Marcus is one thing, and the Dallas Cowboys are another.
I believe in joy, but I believe in the flip-side, agony.
I don't think the Hollywood community is interested in what I can do. That's all right. I've never looked for a job in my life, and I'm not going to start now. I have plenty to keep me busy.
Joan Crawford is a movie queen. I had never met one before. I know now what I don't want to be.
Aside from my son, no person has ever shown for me the gentle concern I knew from Governor Adlai Stevenson.
At awards time, The Exorcist was nominated in 11 categories, everybody but the janitor was up for an Oscar. There was no category for what I did.
I am responsible for no one but myself.
I am rich from the bequests other gifted people have seen fit to leave to me.
I can only know what love is insofar as I can feel it.
I cannot sustain hate for longer than a couple of years.
I don't think I should have been married... to anybody.
I find it next to impossible to remain politely silent when people prate to me about the glory of being given another chance to live happily ever after!
I have always had a lot more trouble with my truths than with my deceits.
I have no use for people who hunt for what they call sport.
I have reached a state in life where I can buy a whole house full of chairs and can bump into them until they are black and blue.
I lose all control after two drinks of anything.
I loved playing the part of the feisty Annie Sullivan in The Miracle Worker.
I never wanted a Guardian Angel. I didn't ask for one. One was assigned to me.
I think The Exorcist was the hardest work I've ever done.
I was taught to be anti-Jewish.
I'd never been in play long enough for the flowers to die in the dressing room.
I'd stand in line for Confession with old people and little kids, and as the line moved up, I knew when I got into the box that I would lie! Again!
I'm glad I am a woman who once danced naked in the Mediterranean Sea at midnight.
