American,Musician
My mother's wonderful. To me she's perfection.
The meaning of life is contained in every single expression of life. It is present in the infinity of forms and phenomena that exist in all of creation.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.
Children show me in their playful smiles the divine in everyone. This simple goodness shines straight from their hearts and only asks to be loved.
I'm happy to be alive, I'm happy to be who I am.
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.
But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to.
I'm never pleased with anything, I'm a perfectionist, it's part of who I am.
I just wish I could understand my father.
I'm just like anyone. I cut and I bleed. And I embarass easily.
I was a veteran, before I was a teenager.
People write negatives things, cause they feel that's what sells. Good news to them, doesn't sell.
It's a complete lie, why do people buy these papers? It's not the truth I'm here to say. You know, don't judge a person, do not pass judgement, unless you have talked to them one on one. I don't care what the story is, do not judge them because it is a lie.
There were times when I had great times with my brothers, pillow fights and things, but I was, used to always cry from loneliness.
I'm a black American, I am proud of my race. I am proud of who I am. I have a lot of pride and dignity.
Just because it's in print doesn't mean it's the gospel.
Everything that I love is behind those gates. We have elephants, and giraffes, and crocodiles, and every kind of tigers and lions. And - and we have bus loads of kids, who don't get to see those things. They come up sick children, and enjoy it.
Well, you don't get to do things that other children get to do, having friends and slumber parties and buddies. There were none of that for me. I didn't have friends when I was little. My brothers were my friends.
The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.
I will say again that I have never, and would never, harm a child. It sickens me that people have written untrue things about me.
Well, especially now I come to realize - and then - I would do my schooling which was three hours with a tutor and right after that I would go to the recording studio and record, and I'd record for hours and hours until it's time to go to sleep.
When I see children, I see the face of God. That's why I love them so much. That's what I see.
You know, let's put it this way, if all the people in Hollywood who have had plastic surgery, if they went on vacation, there wouldn't be a person left in town.
Yes, and I had pimples so badly it used to make me so shy. I used not to look at myself. I'd hide my face in the dark, I wouldn't want to look in the mirror and my father teased me and I just hated it and I cried everyday.
They did it to try and belittle me, to try and to take away my pride. But I went through the whole system with them. And at the end, I - I wanted the public to know that I was okay, even though I was hurting.
