American,Actor
There comes a point in your life when you realize how quickly time goes by, and how quickly it has gone. Then it really speeds up exponentially. With that, I think you start to put a lot of things into context; you start to see how huge the world is, and really, the universe.
In the household in which I was raised, the themes were pretty simple. 'Work hard. Don't quit. Be appreciative, be thankful, be grateful, be respectful. Also, never whine, never complain. And always, for crying out loud, keep a sense of humor.'
Filmmaking is the ultimate team sport.
To this day, I have the most fond memories of some of my old toys.
Anesthesia is quite remarkable. It's lost time. And you wake up kind of refreshed.
I'm envious of writers and musicians. I think it must be so difficult. Not just the frustration, but the discipline.
I don't want dogs that have had the personality trained out of them. It's a partnership. I want to connect.
I always thought what made 'Beetlejuice' look so great was because it looked like some genius kid made it in his basement.
Unpredictability means what it means. I don't know how you define it. It is what it is.
Sometimes I do movies that aren't any good, or sometimes I might not be any good in them, or sometimes they don't do very well.
Over the years, I think, people - actors, writers, whatever - lose their frame of reference. Their frame of reference is based on somebody else who did this or did that. Performances. So it just becomes a reflection of what already works. Like a warm-up. And that's an invitation to be inauthentic.
Show business is, essentially, a fear-based industry.
I was so gullible as a kid.
If you look at what I do, there's no consistency. The consistency is that there is no consistency. I do projects that are good and not so good.
I've proven I'm courageous. I'm gutsier than anybody; I've got a better imagination than anybody; I'm essentially more creative than any other actor I know, and I've proven I take risks. I don't think I need to prove anything to myself any more.
I'm just shocked at how blatantly shallow people are sometimes.
When I was in improv workshops or doing stand-up or writing comedy with others, or just doing comedy, I just laughed. Funny was funny; I loved to laugh. I always liked people I found generally funny.
My first day in grade school, I was plain scared. I left the comfort of my run-down house, which I loved, and went to school where it was cold, it smelled, the lighting was bad.
I'm just shocked and thankful that I've gotten away with everything - experimenting here, trying at this, failing at that, being good in some things, not so good in others. It's kind of amazing that people are still sticking by me. When they come up to me in the street, I just want to write them all cheques.
High energy creates more energy, more energy, more energy. It kicks off synapses, I guess. It opens up your brain and you think of one thing after another thing, after another. You can really open yourself up comedically, which is fun.
Actors will say 'yes' to anything.
'Beetlejuice' was a romp, man. 'Beetlejuice' was fun. I've never had so much fun in my life.
Guys who go on and on about loving women usually don't.
I'll always stand by the first 'Batman'. Even for its imperfections, people will never know how hard that movie was to do. A lot of that still holds up.
I don't know - sometimes I catch myself being dark, and it's annoying. I think, 'Get over it.' I bore myself. But sometimes, like everybody, I'm sure I am obsessive.
I'm in a business that invites narcissism, self-involvement, and egos being blown out of proportion.
There is the theory... that you live in two places: You either live in fear, or you live in love.
I've got a statue of St. Francis in my front yard, and I'm not even a practicing Catholic.
I always knew the way in was Bruce Wayne. It wasn't Batman. It was never Batman. That was the key.
I really believed that Batman had the potential to be one of the coolest guys in cinema.
I can't sleep the first night in a hotel room.
Historically, I'm not a great patient when it comes to slowing down.
My brothers were tremendous shack builders. My shacks were horrible. My brothers once built a two-story shack from the ground up that was awesome!
I used to work on a survey crew, because my dad was an engineer, but he was also a surveyor.
There are very few jobs where you're held up to public scrutiny.
I hope this doesn't sound pretentious, but I very often like the way Europeans make movies. I think sometimes that don't they care about having to clean certain things.
Will Ferrell makes me laugh a lot when he gets out there and gets crazy.
My limited theater experience was when I was a kid starting out: two or three plays. I was good in one and mediocre in the other. My problem is that I have other interests.
Anyone can be a celebrity now; this is not a big deal anymore.
I always think that I'm not going to be right for a movie or that there's someone else who can do it better.
I'm getting more and more bored with professional sports, but I still watch.
If you get a good comedy once a year, man, that's pretty good. I may be pickier than some, but still, there aren't that many movies that are really, truly, honestly that funny.
Chris Guest movies are funny.
I try to not be or associate with elitists.
I reached a point where I didn't think I was that great. I'm not being humble. I was looking at things and thinking: 'You're not really good in that'. I think I was becoming boring as well as bored. It was nobody's fault except mine - probably - and it might not even be my fault.
I'd get scripts and think: 'What's the point of this?'
I'm the seventh child of George and Leona Douglas, and I don't ever remember a time when my father didn't work two jobs. When my mother was going to the grocery, or going to Mass, or trying to take care of seven kids in a run-down farmhouse.
I've got six wonderful brothers and sisters.
I have some tremendous, tremendously loving, generous friends all over the world.
I have a lot of energy, and I move around a lot in my club act.
I had a real strong fantasy life as a kid. But then you grow up and think about real jobs.
There just is not one person in my family who is not funny.
In high school, I was too shy to perform. It's one thing to get laughs from your family, to be funny at parties and in class. It's another thing to get up on the stage.
If you're a dope like me, you get every sports channel you can get. I'm watching, you know, Netherlands soccer.
No, I don't see many movies. I don't even see my own movies.
I choose not to be at the whim of others. I want to be at my own whim.
I really like to hear actors talk about acting, but I don't really like hearing myself talk.
Actors don't get to be well-known if they're horrible.
Leaving a lot of movie sets, I've gone home and said, 'How come my hands are clean?' I should finish something and go home with dirt in my fingernails, because then you really feel that you've done something.
I liked going to Catholic school.
I didn't go to church all the time, just 'cause I was an antsy kid.
I was a really involved dad - not because I'm such a wonderful person. I like being a dad.
You don't get bored with stuff like 'Birdman.'
I liked 'Robocop' because of the director, and it was an intelligent, big-action studio movie.
I never knew anyone who was cloned, but I played one in 'Multiplicity.'
If I didn't do 'Batman,' 'Birdman' wouldn't have happened.
People always make these generalized statements about Hollywood, and there's all kinds of people in Hollywood.
People, when they talk or write about comedy, they don't really get it.
Chris Nolan is great, but I've never seen any of the 'Batman' movies all the way through. I know they're good. I just have zero interest in those kinds of movies.
I saw 'Wild,' and I thought, 'Wow, this is a lot of things, but one of the things is it's a therapist's dream and a climate-change denier's nightmare.'
I don't know how to not be outside since I was a little kid.
I worked at a PBS station called WQED in Pittsburgh.
I remember my mom threatening me, half-serious: 'You know what? I should take you to Pittsburgh and put you in dance lessons just to keep you occupied.' Well, that brought everything to a screeching halt. 'Jeeze, dance lessons.' In retrospect, it would have been awesome, but then, 'Ugh, dancing - dancing's for sissies.'
My first manager, he had left Germany when he was five, but he would joke about the Nazis. And I'd laugh, but I'd look at him, and he was the first one who told me, 'You know, funny is a powerful thing; it's a wonderful weapon.'
I guess I'm probably a Method actor; I don't know... I just think of it as staying in the zone.
I think one reason I really like women and like working with women is because of my sisters.
One thing my mother had a nose for was inauthenticity.
I was never a huge 007 fan, but I sure liked Sean Connery. I'm sure Pierce Brosnan is good and has his moments, but I've not seen him; I've only seen bits and pieces on TV, so I can't really judge. Pierce looks very natural in the role.
I'm a very private person.
My work is distinct and definitive and specific, and hopefully it is so that every single character is different, and they are - but there's probably an underlying element that's me.
I'm usually pretty good in front of a live audience. I usually like that.
I like people-people rather than movie people.
It's great to make your own choices, but there's a price to pay. I could've made more money or been more famous. I could be the current groovy guy.
I never wanted to play the short game.
I've changed my diet a few times. Now I'm trying to eat more protein. I eat little meals throughout the day. I love food, so I still give myself great meals. Also, when I'm busy, it's easy to lose weight.
I don't think there's anybody better than Leonardo DiCaprio, and I've been saying that since before anyone knew who he was.
To make extra money, my parents would sell eggs and chickens. I was very little. I remember a chicken's head being chopped off with the chicken running around. I wasn't sure if my imagination was running away with me or if it really happened. It really happened.
I used to say no to almost everything because I thought, 'I've got enough dough, I know what I want to do, and I know what I'm capable of.'
I grew up in rural Pennsylvania, in a really rundown old house. I'd stay out till 8:30, 9:00 at night. Just blow in. My mom and dad never really cared much. It was okay. We were pretty free to roam. I mean, I had no concept of stopping play. It just didn't occur to anyone.
'Birdman' is a very risky movie. I knew I wanted to do it just from watching Alejandro's other work. I told a friend, 'I would have done it based on 'Amores Perros' alone.'
'Birdman' has kinda... changed things. I'm not saying you won't see traditionally made movies any more. But I've had meetings with directors, and they've said it makes them rethink everything. You can hate this movie, but you have to talk about it. It's going to go down as one of the most interesting movies ever made.
All actors are my brothers and my sisters. It ain't cool to compare or disparage them. It ain't polite.
Day to day and doing the work and getting to that honest point - that, for me, is always about - and always will be as long as I do this - refining and refining and refining and refining the truth... constantly being as truthful and honest and raw and real as you can be.
We had four guys in the family, so somebody was always hitting somebody or chasing somebody or getting mad or fighting or wrestling - that was just what you did. So when you're the youngest, it's good for you. You figure out real early how to get out of headlocks and holds.
Technology, you know. I'm pretty horrible. I use it, but mostly I like to view it from afar. But I'm still fascinated by it.
I watch 'Morning Joe' occasionally. I used to watch a lot more than I do now, but I watched it, and all of a sudden, there was this love fest, for crying out loud - this inexplicable love fest one morning - for The Donald.
Colbert makes me crazy: he's so funny. Plus, he seems like an extraordinarily decent dude.
I find there are a few places where I like to meditate more than in other places. There's a little Catholic church that I go to, and there's another temple I go to - there are certain places where I just feel more comfortable.
I went through a lazy period.
In terms of the parallels, I've never related less to a character than Riggan.
I still really like newspapers. I'm gonna feel really sad when they go. Or not - maybe I'll be dead.
For years, I'd go to the movies and see guys doing Boston accents and think, 'Oh please, God, I hope I never have to do that.'
From the time I was a kid, I was crazy about anything having to do with the West. I'd look at all of these photos of Montana, and they all seemed so magical and majestic. I just wanted to go west, and I finally did it when I was barely 21. I went off to volunteer at a Navajo reservation in New Mexico.
