American,Actor
Mother Nature and Father Time have not been happy with me.
I leave my editor to put the periods and commas in.
Everything that you want Santa to be, he is.
I love, for example, 'Full Frontal with Sam Bee.' I just love her show.
You have to believe in yourself. But you know what? There's a fine line between believing in yourself and being delusional. And I'm sure there were a lot of people who thought I was being delusional when they saw me attempting to become a big shot in the world of pro wrestling. Luckily, it worked out: it doesn't work out for that many people.
The idea of standing five feet away from Norah Jones and listening to her sing Neil Young's 'Down By The River' was just phenomenal. I compare that to what my kids know of at a concert, which is sitting in a stadium and watching a huge screen.
Be safe and be realistic. They're both equally important.
I'm glad I had a chance to see great music played up close and live. In a way, that's what I hope my show does. It's almost like an acoustic evening with Mick Foley.
I saw James Ellsworth at an independent wrestling show where I was signing autographs, so I took a photo with him and put up a post on Facebook called 'The night I met James Ellsworth.' Just by nature of how popular that post was, how many comments there were and likes and shares, I was like, 'people love this kid.'
I get asked a lot about the Rock N' Sock Connection.
You can't satisfy everybody. If you do, you're probably doing something wrong.
I always welcome being part of something positive in WWE.
My greatest personal Survivor Series moment was facing The Rock in 1998 and having Mr. McMahon turn on me. That set into motion one of the best series of matches I've ever had and some of the most important with The Rock. Not only did we have great matches, but then we became teamed up following the rivalry, so that was big.
Triple H was one of the main proponents of women's wrestling.
President-elect Trump wasn't my choice, but I'm going to be like Dave Chappelle, and I'm going to give him a chance - but I think there are people out there with legitimate worries.
I see The Rock running in 2020 and being a two-term president. I think he would be great, and I'm joking when I say I think Stephanie McMahon wouldn't be a fine president of the United States. I think she's got the leadership qualities. I see those two as potential candidates, and I see Kane as a congressional leader.
I just feel like there's a better mind-to-pen connection for me than a mind-to-keyboard connection.
I think I had four concussions throughout my career that were diagnosed, and I guess that I've had seven more. But the fact that three of them came in a four month span when I was making a comeback in 2004 is a little bit scary.
I really have to accept the fact that I'm not a young man anymore, that I've probably taken one lifetime's worth of punishment already, and I really do need to be careful. Certainly I don't want other WWE superstars taking the shots I did. That makes me feel very uncomfortable when I see somebody get hit with an unprotected chair shot.
Edge goes out every night, and not just on pay per views; every night, Edge goes out there with the intention of stealing the show. I know that he felt like his title run had not been given the respect from the company that it deserved, and he was really hell-bent on proving that he belonged as a main event guy.
There are guys who thrive completely on the action in the ring and see the promotion as a necessary evil, whereas I think it's so much easier to tell people what a tough guy you are, as opposed to backing it up.
When Dee Snider and I get together for breakfast, it's just two Long Island guys hanging out.
You really can't go wrong. There's no bad New York pizza, as far as I know.
Sooner or later, The Rock's going to get tired of that empty space on his mantle where an Oscar should be, and that's when I'll get the phone call for the buddy movie that finally makes his career.
I tell people the most important move they can make is not in the ring. It's taking the time to get to know Mr. McMahon.
I developed an interest in the history of the Negro leagues to the point where I visited the museum in Kansas City, Mo., twice and made the museum an integral part of my unheralded 2005 coming-of-age baseball novel, 'Scooter.'
I do some things just to entertain myself, and I figure that part of the audience will be entertained as well.
On the 'SmackDown' side, A.J. Styles really has been phenomenal.
I don't advocate any child following in their parent's footsteps when their parent's footsteps are as crooked as mine are.
It's much easier to see my son involved in creative than to see my daughter in the ring. But they've both worked really hard. I'm really proud of both of them.
I haven't worn jewelry since one of the front teeth I had made into an earring became no longer necessary because I lost the ear.
I loved Steve Martin when I was younger, in the '70s.
I loved George Carlin... I used to sit in front of the TV and watch the HBO comedy specials. I loved those comedy specials.
I get to define for myself what being a success is.
I look back on my career and my time as commissioner with great fondness.
Even though 'SmackDown' has been kind of like the Internet darling, I believe that if they had three hours instead of two, they would find out that it's tough to be a darling when you've got that massive three-hour anchor around your neck.
There was a time when Vader and I had a main event Pay-Per-View match, back in 1993 at Halloween Havoc, and I firmly thought that it was going to be the biggest match of my career and that everything after would just be going downhill.
I think doing The Improv is a little more ominous than doing a college campus because it was so different than anything I'd done.
Everything's relative. I don't think any new pursuit will be as difficult as trying to break into wrestling 25 years ago.
One thing I was proud of when I did the college talks was that, although stories revolved around experiences that I had in wrestling, one did not need to be a wrestling fan to enjoy them.
I really enjoy Sarah Silverman's fearlessness.
I can still remember the first time I heard Tori Amos. It was the fall of 1993, and I was in the back of a colossal '79 Lincoln Coupe Mark V, embarking on some otherwise forgettable road trip somewhere in the Deep South.
I always had an appreciation for diverse musical styles.
As a halfway decent college DJ, I had been exposed to some great progressive stuff and always took pride in unearthing musical gems.
The first few songs of the album 'Little Earthquakes' were unlike anything I'd ever heard.
The truth is, pro wrestling is such an incredibly vast, incredibly surreal world. There's no telling how many words could be written about the subject - especially when the subject involves WWE.
It might surprise people to know that the person who convinced me to write the third memoir - 'The Hardcore Diaries' - was actually Vince McMahon.
For me, announcing wasn't the ideal working condition.
I'd like to see Dolph Ziggler get involved in a really intense, personal feud that will bring out another side of his personality. Because the personality is there, and the wrestling is there, so I'd like someone to come along and bring out his ugly side.
I don't have much choice but to be a WWE fan in my house.
Political parties could learn a lot from pro wrestling, as we have our passionate base, too, but we don't necessarily gear our show around them.
A lot of my loyalty is to the wrestlers - the guys who put their heart and health on the line.
In 1999, I had my back against the wall, and WWE had a ghostwriter working on an autobiography for me. He was halfway through, and it was awful, just boring. I took over as a way of trying to fix things, as I thought I could probably do a better job.
My mother wanted me to be a writer, which I have ended up taking a long road round to.
I wanted to be a baseball player, but I became fascinated with wrestling as a teenager.
When people see my show, they may not laugh out loud as they do with some of the classic comedians, but they do enjoy it. I regret that I called it comedy to begin with; I should have called it 'An Evening With' or put it down as spoken word. But the emphasis is always on funny stories.
I was given a chance to try announcing, and it was a job that, in the end, I did not care for very much.
I always felt like the wrestling business was better off with two viable mainstream promotions.
Probably better than anybody, I realized that I could have easily been one of those guys who was not seen as being a WWE-type guy.
I think what limited my role when I was WWE commissioner in 2000 was my reluctance to get back in the ring every now and then.
I'm still a big wrestling fan. I buy the Pay-Per-Views. I think that gives me the right to speak out just like any other fan.
Bray Wyatt is one of the most captivating characters to come down the pike in ages.
I really enjoy watching the younger talent like The Shield rise up on the card and make a huge impact.
In a sense, I think the WWE Universe has become one of the greatest characters of the modern era.
You want the match to be like a roller coaster, so you can't predict it.
I am a roller-coaster addict.
There is nothing like the indignity of not fitting into a roller coaster.
I remember being really hurt by a relative of a good friend of mine when I mentioned that someone was a great wrestler - she said, 'What do you mean? How can you be great at wrestling?' I stopped them and said, 'Do you think that what I do takes no talent whatsoever?' She realized how hurtful those words were.
The fans still want to see me, sweat pants and all.
At heart, I was always a performer, not a competitor.
My goal in wrestling was always to take people on a journey to get a reaction and make people feel like they had seen something special. Thankfully, I get reminded of that every day.
