American,Actor
I've played the drums for so long, I can't imagine saying goodbye to it.
We were given clear concrete tools. The course did a great job demystifying the art of fiction writing and fostering confidence. The instructor brought complex concepts down to earth. I will miss coming here every week.
'RoboCop' was maybe the best summer of my entire life.
I think if you're a competent actor with a good imagination, and if it's on the page, it makes your job a lot easier.
I'm not one of those people who writes a biography or tries to figure out what kind of ice cream the character liked when he was 10.
My favorite place in the whole world is Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
I made an enjoyable living as a very young man, but I think as I became more comfortable and knowledgeable about myself and what I wanted, I moved into acting.
I think 'On The Air' was a little too bizarre for TV.
I'm not really a guy who draws on things from my own past. I think if you're a competent actor with a good imagination, and if it's on the page, it makes your job a lot easier. If it's well written, it allows your imagination to run wild and draw inspiration from that.
If your attention is on superfluous aspects that are not part of the story, then you can't be concentrating on the human realities of the piece.
I was a musician and did moderately well at that. I made an enjoyable living as a very young man, but I think as I became more comfortable and knowledgeable about myself and what I wanted, I moved into acting. I came to it rather late - later than most. I just really wanted to try my hand, and thankfully, it worked out for the most part.
I think villainy just comes naturally to me. I get to work it out naturally so I can be a nice person in life.
I was drawn to it much to my father's dismay. He wanted me to be a pianist like he was, but I had coarser tastes - like that old joke: What do you call a guy who hangs around with musicians? A drummer.
I wanted to stay on TV because I've got kids who are school-aged, so I get to see them most days as opposed to going away for movies months and months at a time.
People sorta know my face, but I can still go out to the supermarket, and nobody pays much attention.
You can have too much reality.
My mother was loved by so many people, famous and not so famous.
My dad won an Oscar in 1951 with an un-Anglicized name, the first Hispanic to ever win an Oscar, and the Academy is so intractable to this day.
My boys have both said they want to be in the movies or on TV, and anytime I hear that, I say, 'That's wonderful; you're free to do it right after you graduate from college.'
I thought 'ER' was a really good script, but I didn't have any inkling that it would become the phenomenon that it did, and I don't think anybody did back then.
Having grown up around the theater, I've been moved by so many plays. Being a part of it, however small, is special.
I've been so fortunate in that people respond to what I do.
The first several years I was an actor, I sort of eked out a living playing thugs almost exclusively until 'Robocop.'
I think my parents undoubtedly influenced me on some level.
I was a musician for years before I started doing this stuff. Show business was the only thing I ever considered.
I didn't sing, but I did play the drums.
