American,Producer
They're free because they don't know any, better. So they can just run around and do whatever, and do whatever, and most of the time they don't get caught.
All the Disney lead male characters always have this kind of John Davidson kind of look to them. They all look like the same guy, and all the females look like the same, and I think the guys are just way too big.
Beauty and the Beast seemed like it all was really brown. The whole thing was just so brown and orange and yellow, like Burger King or something. I don't think I would have liked Beauty and the Beast at any age.
I almost didn't name Butt-Head 'Butt-Head.' I came real close to calling him something else.
I didn't think I would make this much money.
I don't return anybody's calls unless it's going to mean extra money for me. And I've completely cut off all relationships with any friends that I had before the show. And I've copped an attitude.
I don't think any movie I would do would be too serious or serious at all.
I like the Stooges. You know what movie I saw that I sort of discovered late was Jerry Lewis in 'The Nutty Professor'. I really liked that.
I put the storyboard down and came back to it like two weeks later and saw that I had written 'Butt-Head' next to the picture, and it kind of made me laugh and I thought, Well, might as well go for every laugh you can get.
I think at the point when they were first starting to talk about a movie, it was a little bit different back then.
I think I do too many voices in these shows. I think it's because we have trouble getting voice talent.
I went to a Catholic high school and it seemed like every time I drew something for a class project, it either got thrown away by the teacher or something.
I've got a huge, gigantic deal. We're talking about huge deals.
I've seen a lot of pairs of guys that have been hanging out together way too long-until they're laughing all the time.
In order to have a plot, you have to have a conflict, something bad has to happen.
It's amazing what we can get away with and what we can't. But it's not for me to decide.
It seems like there's a lot of people who just do not understand satire. They think it's weird. There's people who just don't understand you portray something or just explore a character, it means you're condoning it, saying this is the way to live.
It was really weird, when this thing started, to hear lawyers and MTV people calling me and actually saying 'ButtHead.' People tried to avoid it too.
One thing I always heard from the begining when I talked about this being a movie - was that the rule is that animated movies don't work unless they're Disney movies for kids. Unless they're family movies.
One thing I was thinking about is that they probably get their come-uppance about the same percentage that people in real life do. Basically, stealing for all practical purposes might as well be legal in New York.
People say that the Beavis voice doesn't sound like me or some other voices. Butt-Head I think sounds like me.
She defaced my fly. And I've never been the same since.
Stealing, you'll go far in life. Actually, there is something funny about getting away with it.
Susie Lynn, the producer of those segments, goes in and lays all the voices over the video.
Then there was a kid in the neighborhood about three blocks away, his name was Bobby Beavis.
They don't make you pay for the humor. It's up and down, but they're trying to give you as many laughs as possible in 2 minutes. They are the most honest comedians ever.
