American,Politician
Brown v. Board is the foundation by which all Americans can look for hope - hope for their children, hope for their families, and hope for a better future.
I can only hope the federal aid made available today will be sufficient in our recovery efforts, and pray that our citizens continue to be safe from the fallout of this dangerous natural disaster.
In our post-9/11 world, our Nation's military deserves, at least the same access to institutions of higher education that any other major employer might enjoy.
Although I may find the type of programming seen during the 2004 Super Bowl and the 2003 Golden Globe Awards disgusting and disturbing, we must always work hard to defend the cherished freedoms so clearly outlined in our Constitution, including a healthy and free press.
As an integral part of the Department of Agriculture, the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service monitors our Nation's agriculture to protect against agricultural pests and diseases.
The truth is this is a very dangerous world.
You can get a lot of design testing of your missile program, and you can do a lot of - there's other ways other than physically to develop your weaponization program to get you very close to the real deal.
If you're an Afghan village leader in a small town down around Kandahar somewhere, and you know that the footprint is getting smaller for your security, and the Taliban saying don't forget, I'm going to be back real soon, who is your loyalty going to go through?
Most of all, our troops from Alabama said they appreciate the care packages from folks back home.
Our military is doing everything it can to equip Iraq's forces so our troops can come home as soon as possible, but we cannot leave until the job is done.
Alabama farmers want a chance to complete fairly in Japan, but they can't if the Japanese won't let us in.
Until the Chinese decide to compete fairly it will be up to us to do what we can to further protect our manufacturing base, and ensure we keep the good paying jobs we already have.
It is hard to imagine 10 years is not quite long enough to learn a lesson.
Brown v. Board helped unite us all, and gave us all great pride knowing we all are truly E Pluribus Unum - one people out of many.
Most of all, we should remember all of us are capable of individually helping advance the spirit of equality for all.
I told them I would work to strengthen and secure Medicare for generations to come, and I told them I would fight for a new prescription drug benefit under Medicare.
Alabama seniors all across the Third Congressional District continue facing high drug costs.
Alabama citizens, like the vast majority of Americans, respect and value the meaning of decency, and appreciate public institutions that reflect the common values of our society.
CBS's halftime show during the 2004 Super Bowl was a new low for television.
Let me be clear: I am not an advocate of censorship.
The Broadcast Decency Enforcement Act of 2004 helps address the continuing degradation on the broadcast airwaves and helps send a clear message to the broadcast industry that Alabama families, like the rest of American families, have had enough.
As the Pentagon makes plans for the largest troop rotation since World War II, I will work with the Armed Services Committee to help make this proposal a reality.
We promised new benefits to seniors like preventive screening and diabetes testing. We kept that promise.
I am proud that we worked so hard to improve seniors' lives.
Beginning in June, Alabama seniors previously without prescription drug coverage should begin to see savings of between 10 and 25 percent on their medications.
Honda opened its first assembly line in Lincoln in November 2001.
