American,Actor
My dreams for the future are simple: work, a happy, healthy family, a lovely long motorcycle ride, and continuing the struggle to awaken people to the need for serious human rights reform.
If you try to do your best there is no failure.
I gave away two dogs years ago because I felt guilty at not being able to give them the time and attention they deserved. I now regularly feed an army of squirrels and wild birds around our house.
People warned us that if we went to them whenever they cried and refused to spank them, we would harm them irrevocably, but we decided there's simply no way to spoil a child. After all, they aren't apples.
I was raised in Hollywood and knew, from as early as grammar school, classmates who were in the business.
It is inappropriate for the Bush administration to trump up a case in which we are ballyhooed into war.
I think it's appropriate for the international community in situations like this to intervene in Kosovo. I am in favor of an intervention. On some level, you have to say that at least somebody is doing something.
People seem to see no difference between an intimate conversation and a conversation at the water cooler.
What one gets, I hope, is that all you can do is the best you can do.
I can think of some things that would be fun, but I'm living my dreams.
It's mostly the financial chicanery that's going on. People are saying 'What kind of trust can we put in this market?'
We have seen economic growth. But we have not seen earnings growth.
The show that defined 'M*A*S*H' was the original interview episode with Clete Roberts. That was a way to look into these peoples' lives and investigate their situation, their feelings being away from home on an intimate level.
It's a curious thing about celebrity: being somebody who was one of the stars of one of the most popular television shows in history offers an opportunity. I look at it as an ambassadorial opportunity at times, where I can go to places and have the opportunity to do things and meet people that other people don't have.
'M*A*S*H,' to me, was about something. It had value beyond the laughs.
I think the media could be a very good force for good, and I think Hollywood can, as well.
The networks are business-oriented cowards.
People who know me know that I'm always interested in an honest, civil exchange of views, and I'm not some Hollywood liberal know-nothing.
I am often stunned and charmed by the simple brilliance of what children say. But you have to be willing to listen.
My father was a gruff Irishman who was unable to express feelings and always insisted we be tough. Being a parent, for me, means creating what I didn't have. I want my children to feel love and be able to express it.
