American,Actor
Going to high school in rural Florida, we always partied down in the woods. Somebody - one of the rednecks - would leave class and mow a path out to a field, and we'd drive out there. Dude, every party I went to was lit by a bonfire. Acoustic guitar.
When I was in high school, there was 'Superbad' and 'The Girl Next Door' and 'Wedding Crashers' and all these great movies. You hope to be a part of something that's smart, funny and in that Todd Phillips-vein. You want to make something like 'Superbad.' That movie was so good and so funny.
I grew up in a very small town in Florida, like, 7,000 people.
I just got an iPhone, which is cool, but I don't download movies, I don't watch Hulu, I don't have Netflix. I don't do any of that. But I do geek out to music.
I'm still waiting for my first big Hollywood paycheck... maybe I'll play a superhero.
For me, I still have feelings for all of my ex-girlfriends. In different parts of my life, I would miss that person. There's something that drew me to that person, and I shared something with them.
The makers of '21 and Over' have been screening it, and I'm getting a lot of comparisons to a young Vince Vaughn.
First play I ever did was 'Footloose.' I played the part of Willard when I was 16. I think I wore my drama teacher's jeans and her belt - that's how small I was. I know a lot of Willard's back story from the musical that's not explored in the film. Like he's got this whole relationship with his mama, and he sings this song 'Mama Says.'
So I think that in the beginning of your career you're just looking to work. Luckily for me, my first movie was 'Rabbit Hole' and I got to work with incredible people, a Pulitzer prize winning writer, John Cameron Mitchell, and all the actors involved. So it's tough, man, because you want to have credibility.
I've always felt like I can dance.
I used to have a big crush on Andie MacDowell.
My second grade teacher told me I would never graduate high school. That I was going to be a juvenile delinquent.
When I was in middle school, I always did well in school, but teachers either loved me or absolutely hated me.
I got into acting my junior year of high school. We got a new hot drama teacher and I was like 'Alright, I'll try drama.'
I always had ambition. I always knew I was going to go to college. I could party and do that stuff, but I always got straight A's and a 4.0 and all that.
Honestly, I'm not a big movie buff in general. The only movies I own is probably the 'Indiana Jones' trilogy.
I've played drums in bands since I was 16.
Living in somebody else's pain for an actor man, it's actually nice when you get to feel that kind of emotion. That's what I like.
I'm the first one out on the dance floor. In college I had to take jazz, ballet and tap dancing, but, before that, it was just social.
I don't know if there's an actors' slow-pitch softball league I could join. My agency has a team, but they say it would be a conflict of interest for the people they rep to play because I could hit a pop-up and they'd have to drop it on purpose.
Absolutely, 'Rabbit Hole' gave me a nice first introduction into film acting.
'Footloose' is a fun movie. If you do it right, people should leave wanting to dance.
