American,Musician
I know that some people shy away from what I say. They think it is too blunt, but when you don't give people that, they feel like you are being fake and you're not telling the truth. So it's like, you want me to tell the truth, but when I do, it's too much for you.
Rule number one in negotiating anything with Missy is never try and run me over. Never push me, because I am a very strong woman. I'm nice, but I'm very strong. When it gets down gritty, I can get grittier. Never, ever underestimate me.
My mother helped me to be who I am: to have strength and not to let people run all over me and yet to be humble; to realise that all of this that I have today could be gone.
Its funny, because for females in general - not just in music, but the corporate ladder as well - anything we do has always been harder for us. When it comes to music, the industry wants you to conform, to look like this and to sound like this and do this or that. It makes it harder. It's harder for us to come out and be bosses and lead the pack.
If you believe a black cat is bad luck, people think you're crazy, but plenty of times, if I see a black cat down my street, I turn around and go the other way. Even if I'm late. I'll be late for the airport and be in a limo, and if I see a black cat, I'll be like, 'Sir, you have to turn around and go down the next street.'
I try not to be cruel to people. I know there's a karma, and I'm constantly thinking of my blessings. I live and die by being a Baptist. If I can't go to church on a Sunday, I'll get a tape by the Clark Sisters and slide it in for the day.
I got a mother who's very strong after taking the whippings that she took from my father.
The double chin's not good for the red carpet.
I ain't no icon. It's people like Patti LaBelle, somebody like that's an icon. I'm just Missy. I'm just crazy, that's all.
No matter what I'm doing for myself or someone else, I'm constantly writing and working on other people's albums.
Things happen in your life, and then you can write something else instead of the same three topics - like, how many times can we write about the clubs?
I was very disturbed to find that a few people were angry at my weight loss.
Me personally, I don't ask too much, but I do ask Him to continue to bless me successfully, financially, and just to keep me humble.
I know how domestic violence can affect a family, and I want to do everything I can to stop it from happening to others. The most important thing we can do is teach kids that they can break the cycle.
I want kids of this generation to see that everything is cool, that there's some kind of unity in hip-hop. We all found something that's really important to us, and music is all we've really got.
I do Dance Dance Revolution. I'm not as good as the little kids that come in the arcade. Their little feet go crazy fast. I'm not that fast, but I'm good on it!
When you are creating to the magnitude that I try to create, your brain is like a computer, and you need to refresh.
People are quick to be like, 'You're irrelevant. You're a flop; you're washed up.'
Breaking news: there is only one Missy.
I didn't want to be a genius! That ain't cool.
I remember, in school, writing Janet Jackson and Michael Jackson and asking them to come get me out of class. I would imagine them running down the hall and asking my teacher, 'Ms. Daniels, can we get Missy out of class? We're here to see Missy.'
I mean, when it's time to rhyme rhyme, I can get down for mine.
I love my mother. She's my first love. She has been through a lot and is a sole survivor.
I was always feisty, always that kid that would be on the porch with a hairbrush singing or rapping.
No, I'm a flirtatious person; I'll flirt all day long, but it really is hard to get into that when I'm so into the music, and I'm in the studio all day long and all night sometimes. That's not an exaggeration.
I never drank water. Always soda. I didn't use to like water, but I've had to train myself to drink it.
Music is a male-dominated field.
Women are not always taken as seriously as we should be, so sometimes we have to put our foot down.
I have to respect her family, and until they come and say, 'We're ready to do an Aaliyah album,' then I don't really want to come and try to get into that because that's very sensitive.
I remember having mice in the house and my father taking some newspaper and beating me because mice was running on me while I was asleep.
Maybe I should find myself one of those sexy British soccer stars. David Beckham is hot. But I've got a hell of a lot of competition.
The person I eventually find will have to like me and my style.
A lot of times, I walk down the street and listen to people argue, and then I write a song about it.
You don't make any money being an artist. Writing and producing? You get your money from that. You live comfortable.
Seeing my mother become very strong and very independent had a huge impact on me.
The fun part of being an entertainer is that you call up Six Flags, and you say, 'I'm coming,' and you get to get on all the rides before everyone. I hate standing in line.
Especially when the expectations become so high of you, you always remember the last record that might have been really successful, and you're trying to outdo that or trying to make something that does not sound like the last record.
I talked about my father being abusive to my mother - people have never heard me talk about anything like that. That brings people a little bit more personal with Missy.
You get people who rap about stuff that they don't do all day long. Half those guys, you hear them on the radio, and then you meet them, and you're like, 'Wow. They're so sweet.'
I always feel the need to work as if I don't have a deal, because that's what's going to keep me around for a long time.
My father was very abusive, and it was hard for my mother at first to leave because we had depended on him for so long. Sometimes you kind of get adjusted to getting that beating.
I most definitely want kids, but I'll probably adopt kids.
It feels different.... When hip-hop was beginning for me, people weren't making the kind of money that they make now. It was for the love of doing it and having fun with it.
It could be hectic sometimes when you're being an artist and running a label at the same time. But there are times when you just have to say that this my time period to work on my stuff, and then you say this is the time to concentrate on my artists.
I believe that tracks speak to me. Some tracks make me write certain music or make me feel sad or inspire me to write a sad love song. Each track has its feeling to me.
I think it's being innovative and very creative to stay away from flat-out sampling somebody else's record. To me, that doesn't show too much of your creative side unless you take a little piece and add it, almost like spice on a chicken.
All of the trials and tribulations from personal to the artist. It shows that I'm human. People see the glamorous stuff, but they don't see the background.
A lot of people don't know that before the artist, I wanted to be a writer and producer. That's always been a love of mine. Its easy for me to do it on myself, but it's fun to create for someone else.
I got caught up in doing records for other artists. I just stayed behind the scenes, and time just kinda passed.
I felt like, 'How do I fit in?' But then I never fit in. The whole time, I've never fit in.
He was like, 'I want to get in the studio with you.' Who turns down Pharrell?
What I love about Kanye is that he doesn't fit the mould either. He does what he feels.
I don't just throw out microwave records.
I go out and date people, but I don't have that relationship, where you know, I'm like Jennifer Lopez, like I'm going to get married.
When I create something, it's got to be special, and it can't just be to throw something out there because I feel like I'm Missy.
I got to feel like what I'm giving the fans is 100 percent and that it's game-changing.
If I wanted to do 'The Missing Files of Missy Elliott,' I have probably six albums just sitting there.
I never record in front of anybody.
I got more shy as I got older and realized people could be laughing at me or judging me.
When I first started in the business, I spent so much! Staying in a Trump Hotel for two years, spending eight Gs a month just living.
Lil' Kim is my sister, known her for years, and I'll never turn my back on her, but there is enough room for everybody. I want to see everybody get it.
I love to see women just have on their own, and you watch the guys do it all the time. They go out on the road with each other - probably don't even like each other, but they going to get that money.
I couldn't write because my nervous system was so bad - I couldn't even use a pen.
Before, you only had one Public Enemy and one Rakim and one Salt 'N' Pepa. Now, people have got the formula, and some of them are just doing it for the cheque. It's kind of watered down.
We're told that to be fly, you gotta have a fly car, the rims on your wheels, the fly jewels, and that to work a regular job and make legal money is uncool.
I can't complain. I think when you get to a certain point, you shouldn't complain because there's so many people who would kill to get to this point.
I don't want to get caught up and be an artist always on the go. Because once you do that, it's hard to get into the studio and do what I do.
I still represent for overweight adults and kids, but I am also now painfully and personally aware of the health issues.
I'd stand on the side of the road when I was just a little girl singing on trash cans. People would roll down their windows saying, 'Isn't she cute'. I had a vivid imagination. I always pretended it was some big stage.
I think it's hard for Aaliyah to be duplicated, because she had her own lane.
I think Aaliyah has influenced artists like a Ciara.
If you got talent, you just have to do you.
I felt like, 'How do I fit in'? I'm battling. But then I never fit in!'... I thank God for somebody like Pharrell who stayed in my ear. For him, at that time, 'Happy' was everywhere; he didn't have to share anything with me.
I always have been an entertainer, whether it's been joking or performing for people. And I always thought I had a talent, because I could rap and I could sing, and I did write. And all the other kids were going to college, but I just felt like I had to do this first, and if it didn't work, then I would go to college.
When I'm in the studio, I like to be in there by myself because if I'm in the mike room, and I look out and see people talking, or they're not nodding their head or rocking to the music, it makes me feel like it don't sound good, or I'll be scared to really open up vocally because I might mess up, and they might be in there laughing.
I don't want to be oh-so-brag-about-it, but 'The Rain' is hot.
I didn't want to just be an artist and let someone else have all that control over me. I knew I would have to produce.
I feel like, O.K., if I can make it as a singer, then let me try rapping. If I can make it as a rapper, then let me try writing. All right? If I make it as a rap singer and writer, then why not try to produce? I don't feel limited in any way.
There's that saying: 'God gave you talent, and if you don't use it He'll take it away from you.' And I always said, 'I don't want God to come down and take my talents away.' So, by using all these talents and being successful in all of them, I've always got something to fall back on.
I don't think Puffy knows what he did for hip-hop. Because he intertwined hip-hop and R&B so that people weren't intimidated.
I'll stay in my house and watch 'Lockup,' the prison show.
The reason I stay home more is because I realise that my blood pressure started going up.
I've only ever had two vacations in my whole career, and I've been in the industry over twenty-something years!
I hear a lot of influence from me and Timbaland's whole sound in a lot of records of today. But if you have classics like that, then I'm sure you gotta expect that it's gonna influence some people. So, I'm fine with that.
Before Missy, there was no comparison to what Missy was doing.
When you think of Missy, you can't say, 'Missy reminded me of someone else.' There was no Missy comparison before.
When something is so hot, I don't want to just jump on it right away. I want to take it home and make sure I give it my best shot.
I never stopped recording, but I went through a period where... The one thing that a lot of people don't know is that for as long as I've been as artist, I've been a writer and a producer.
A lot of people don't do this. You can count on a couple of hands probably how many artists also produce and write, both for themselves and for others, and are able to be successful at both things.
My blood pressure was always up from just overworking.
A lot of people don't know a lot of records that I've written or produced, so that's a highlight for me as a woman.
I always said if a man would have done half the records that I've done, we would know about it. But we don't know all the records I've done for other artists.
I want to dip my foot in some acting. And most definitely want to mentor upcoming artists and give them the wisdom that was given to me.
Left Eye is a a rare gem.
'Soul Train' means so much to me.
I still go on YouTube and watch the old performances and the 'Soul Train' lines. I'm still amazed by how much soul and funk the music and dancers had.
Don Cornelius was a genius. He created a show where he was breaking artists' songs. If you were on his show, he made the consumer want to go out and purchase your music. He will be greatly missed. If they ever try to recreate what he did, it has to been done right, authentic and real with soul! That's what Don displayed.
My imagination is so far out there already. People couldn't imagine what goes on in my brain.
I still don't want no broke dude! I'm open to offers, but he's got to be stable. I see a lot of friends who feel they have to be with a man, but they always pick the wrong one. Are there any right ones?
I've learnt to be happy by myself.
Music is a male-dominated field. Women are not always taken as seriously as we should be, so sometimes we have to put our foot down.
If I'm paying people, and they're not handling my business right, I have to check them. 'Cause sometimes you're nice, and people don't jump on what they're supposed to do, but if you go in there screaming at everybody - 'Look, why aren't my posters up?' or 'Why wasn't my single out on this day?' - then they jump right on it.
If anybody calls me a female Quincy Jones, that's way, way complimentary. That's something I'll cherish for life.
