American,Model
Be yourself, fill your life with good people, and don't get a big head. It can all be gone tomorrow.
I'm the one who's always kissing all the boys and stuff.
I think it's important to come from a humble place.
Timing is everything.
I've also learned that sometimes, no matter how much you want things to work, you have to accept that sometimes they just don't.
I think I've done every crazy diet there was in the beginning, but it's weird: I'm thinner now than I was when I was modeling. I don't obsess about it.
I still love red velvet cake.
My mom FedExes a red velvet cake she makes from scratch to me every birthday.
I watch my wheat intake.
Don't believe everything you read.
'House of Style' changed my life. I literally had no experience in front of a TV camera before, and there I was taking over for Rebecca Romijn. My exposure heightened instantly.
Fish oil is a great protein for your hair.
Modeling in Europe at the beginning of my career was pretty hard, with the constant traveling and uncertainty as to where I was going to be from one day to the next.
I was always getting run-down from jet lag and being in strange towns where I didn't speak the language or know what the food was like.
This does not come naturally. I have to work out 60 to 90 minutes at least five days a week and stick to a high- fiber, low-calorie eating plan.
I wanted to be consistent with my exercise, so I committed to working out for 30 days in a row, no matter what.
For an hour every day, I did something. I was on the elliptical or the treadmill, and if someone asked me to go to a class - whether it was spinning, boxing, yoga, you name it - I went. By the end of the month, I felt so good, I just kept going. I didn't want to lose my momentum.
I'm going to get up every morning at 6:30 to work out. Then, when I've kept with it all week, I give myself something I really want, like a new handbag or a piece of jewelry I'm coveting.
I grew up watching Lee Trevino, Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer.
I'm much better off the tee. I'm not a great putter. I do not have a good short game.
I do really well under pressure.
When you work with the same people for 10 years, they become family. Now when I see them - it might not be for nine months - but when I see them, it's great.
I believe in magic, psychics and all that.
I've spoken to people who I swear can tell the future.
