American,Musician
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.
To me, a forever love is a bond that can't be broken.
I think it takes a strong man to be in a relationship with a strong woman. A lot of people hear the word 'diva' and think of it as a negative. I see it as a positive. I want somebody who knows what they want out of life and isn't afraid to show it.
I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.
My Vocation is my Vacation. I love what I do.
I think I'm actually built for fatherhood. I love to have a good time and play, but at the same time I've got a really serious side to me, and I think that's the balance you have to have. Get on your kids' level, but at any point in time, let them know who the parent is.
Saturday morning, you knew what was cool by what was on 'Soul Train.'
A lot of the girls my age were impressed by silly stuff like money and fame. I wanted to be able to have intellectual and spiritual conversations with someone who was on the same page as me.
There's so many people that follow the trend, and then it gets to a point where it gets a little stale. So, in music; I mean, whoever's the new trendsetter, that's who people follow.
I'm not geeky but I have my geeky, corky moments, and then I've got some aspects of cool in me, I guess.
You have to be vigorous. That's the only way you are going to get it because everybody has dreams and everybody has goals, but the only people who achieve them are the ones that go after it and don't take no for an answer.
Real men change diapers!
People have always said I have an old soul, and all my best friends are 10 to 15 years my senior.
I was 16 years old, driving to LA, and sleeping in my car, just trying to make it happen.
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.
I always say that candy is the perfect studio food - it keeps your energy going.
I just work - however people feel about it, I mean, at the end of the day, if I'm waiting for accolades, I could be waiting all my life, but I don't need that stuff to validate me. I just do what makes me happy.
The people who truly love me and loved me before all of this stuff. You can't ever leave them behind.
Most aspiring child actors or child stars have a passion for it. But as easy as it is for me to say that I wouldn't put my kids in it, if I saw that they really, really wanted to do and they had the drive, then I would fully support it. As long as there's balance at home, then they could do whatever they wanted to do.
Hunger is a deep concern of mine, and I feel that no one should go without food in this world as long as there are caring people to lend a hand. I've had to struggle in my past and I know what it's like to go without, so I try to do as much as I can to help bring awareness to an issue that hits very close to home for me.
Mariah is a beautiful and talented person, and I've had a crush on her for as long as I can remember. Every day, my respect for Mariah continues to grow higher. She's a caring, warm and funny person. People have no idea how funny she is! I feel like I've always known she was my forever love.
People think that as a celebrity, you have to have this sort of mystique about you, but I'm probably the realest person you'll ever meet.
I was rapping at eight.
It's fun having songs about parties and gigolos, but I really wanted to use my music as a form of art. Art is supposed to spark conversation and make people think, and I wanted to do that with this song.
The only person I've worked with on my album was Kanye. And between the stuff that I've done and the stuff that he's assisted on and produced for me for this album, I don't even need anything else.
This is my chance to get out there and appease the fans of my music as well as show people that I do do standup comedy because a lot of people don't know that's where I started.
I want to be there for my children. You want to make sure you're alive more than anything.
I am a hopeless romantic, and so is my wife.
I always try to be optimistic, but not to the point where I'm getting on people's nerves.
