American,Musician
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people.
Girl power is about loving yourself and having confidence and strength from within, so even if you're not wearing a sexy outfit, you feel sexy.
You cry and you scream and you stomp your feet and you shout. You say, 'You know what? I'm giving up, I don't care.' And then you go to bed and you wake up and it's a brand new day, and you pick yourself back up again.
Confidence comes with maturity, being more accepting of yourself.
It's important for a woman to feel good in her clothes. It's OK to have curves and to work them.
I've never seen myself as sexy. I see myself as a goofball.
When you break a sweat you just feel great. You've got your endorphins going. You feel better. You look better. And if you aren't able to get a workout in, try to find a steam room somewhere. You just look and feel so much better after a sweat.
I definitely have the eye of the tiger. I've fought my way to where I am and will continue to do so. I'm a hard worker - I get it from my family. We only know work. Nothing was handed to us. When I believe in something, I go after it. It's very hard to tell me 'no.'
I don't really believe in diets. I love food... If I deprive myself, I'm going to want it more. I snack on yogurt, raw cashews and cherry tomatoes.
I'm a strong believer in 'everything is meant to be for a reason.'
I think shoulders are sexier than cleavage.
I've always had a fighter's spark in me. I was born with it. I think it's in my blood.
I love what I do and I strive to be better; that's what keeps me going. I'm never a slacker, always a striver.
I'm going to take care of the man I'm with. I grew up in a household where my mum takes care of my dad - she cooks, she does everything - and that's the kind of girl I am.
In normal life people say, 'You're so different than on stage!' Offstage I'm down to earth, simple and a very goofy girl... I like to make goofy faces, be dorky and not take things too seriously. I just love to laugh.
I love making down-home Southern cooking, and just chilling out and having cakes and pies and baking stuff, you know. I'm a pretty simple girl.
You know, I try to avoid Googling myself, but sometimes I slip up. Sometimes I just want to see how the world is viewing me on a particular day.
I've always been too hard on myself to behave like I've arrived or even to enjoy whatever success I've had. I've always envisioned myself higher than where I was and I still do. With each success I think, 'That's nice but I'm supposed to go there!'
Growing up, I was very conservative in my wardrobe, so when I first joined the Pussycat Dolls, the biggest challenge was wearing those cabaret costumes. I didn't feel comfortable showing my body so much, showing my legs and butt, chest and midriff.
I come from a strong religious background, and I had a very conservative upbringing. So I was nervous, and confused. Here I was wanting to be Whitney Houston, so why did I have to dress in lingerie to do that? I didn't get it.
I'm no diva but I can be annoying in a recording studio. Of course I try to be a diva in terms of confidence of performance and owning a song but I've never behaved like one in terms of the negative connotations of the word.
The problem is I'm a perfectionist, so the producer might say he's happy with my vocal take but I'll say, 'No, it can be better.' I'll do it again and again until I feel I've got the truth out of a song.
I never know if a song's going to be popular so I don't select them with that in mind. All I can do is follow my heart and my gut and go for songs that make me feel great.
A lot of songs are empowering because everybody who has been through a hard time in a relationship or in their lives can relate to it.
I see lots of women having beautiful children later in life. And, if not, just freeze your eggs!
When I'm a mum, I'm not going to be one of those mums who has nannies. Actually, I might have nannies - never say never - but I'm not having someone else raise my kids.
