American,Actor
There's something very powerful about going after what you want seriously.
When I was a lot younger, I did some work with St. Jude's, but then we went on a 'Red Band' tour across the United States, and we went to a bunch of hospitals and had the privilege of meeting kids who are suffering or going through these different situations.
'Red Band Society' is inspiring, funny, and an uplifting story that makes you want to make the most of your life, love and live to the fullest, and that's a great message.
I met Victoria Justice once. She was so nice. I've always been a fan.
I watch a lot of Disney. I want to catch 'Hannah Montana Forever.'
Going into hospitals and being able to meet kids that are in similar situations to those that the characters are facing in the 'Red Band Society' allows us to see the truth of these real humans' lives.
Music is definitely something that I'd like to pursue. It's probably, I mean, the acting and music are the two biggest things in my life.
I'm going to continue posting on my YouTube, which is youtube.com/nolansotillo. So I mean, if I get signed and come out with an album, it would be just another... that is a goal of mine.
It kind of pays off to try your best at every audition; you never know what can happen. You can get a hundred nos, but if you just get one yes, it can change your life.
I play guitar, piano, and I'm learning to play the drums.
Singing was probably my first love, and song writing. I write a lot of love songs and heartbreaking songs.
I always liked performing in front of my parents' friends. My dad bought me a karaoke machine, and I would put on a Michael Jackson song like 'Thriller,' and I would come out with, like, a hat and a jacket, and, like, moonwalk in my socks, so I was always performing.
'The Who' created the Daltrey/Townshend Center at UCLA for teenage hospital patients with cancer. It's the only one of its kind.
You should be watching 'Red Band Society' because it's a show that inspires us to live. I feel like you'll get connected to these characters, and they teach you something that you can apply to your daily life.
