American,Athlete
All I know is that I'm proud to be Filipino.
The motivation is in my heart to work toward my goals and my dreams.
I love my wife.
I have a lot of respect for Mexico.
In school I was pretty fast.
I was always into cartoons and animation.
I liked Roy Jones, Sugar Ray Leonard, Ali... those were the guys I was looking at growing up.
I was 11 when I started boxing. My brother was fighting before I did, and he got me into it.
For punches I never really choose, I take whatever opportunity is given to me. If it's a left, I'll take it. If it's a right I'll take it.
If there's a best, I want to fight them.
As a boxer, you have to put risk in to get to another level.
With me, boxing's a beautiful sport.
Growing up as an amateur, I wasn't much of a power puncher. I was more of a speed guy.
A lot of guys just punch with their arms; they don't utilize every part of their muscles they can use. I know how to use that, and that's where the power comes in.
As long as I have that support from my team, and I have that confidence in myself that I train really hard, I think there's no one out there who can defeat me in my weight class.
Usually, sprinting is my main source of energy and recovery time because that's how I move.
Moving up and fighting the best keeps me hungry.
I was always scared in the amateurs, but the minute I got in the ring it was like another person took over. I become more vicious. In there I love to hurt people. Outside I can't hurt a bug.
People call me a nerd because I like to spend time on the computer.
My Internet friends who I play games with say, 'This guy's a fighter?' I'm the last person they expect to be a fighter.
The best feeling is to win by knockout.
I'm not into being competitive. I never saw myself as a competitive type of person.
Everything in our family was always boxing. It was the life my father chose for me.
Even the other kids who people made fun of made fun of me. That's where I stood on the school food chain.
Being a world champion is something I'm already proud of and can take for the rest of my life.
