American,Poet
To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever you're wrong, admit it; Whenever you're right, shut up.
Candy is dandy but liquor is quicker.
Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.
Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore.
The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat.
One man's remorse is another man's reminiscence.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
The cow is of the bovine ilk; one end is moo, the other milk.
There is only one way to achieve happiness on this terrestrial ball, and that is to have either a clear conscience or none at all.
Progress might have been alright once, but it has gone on too long.
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets them.
I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree. Perhaps, unless the billboards fall, I'll never see a tree at all.
Oh, what a tangled web do parents weave when they think that their children are naive.
No, you never get any fun out of the things you haven't done.
I hope my tongue in prune juice smothers, If I belittle dogs and mothers.
Every Englishman is convinced of one thing, viz.: That to be an Englishman is to belong to the most exclusive club there is.
I do not like to get the news, because there has never been an era when so many things were going so right for so many of the wrong persons.
People who have what they want are fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they really don't want it.
Remorse is a violent dyspepsia of the mind.
Every New Year is the direct descendant, isn't it, of a long line of proven criminals?
I would live all my life in nonchalance and insouciance, Were it not for making a living, which is rather a nouciance.
The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late.
Do you think my mind is maturing late, or simply rotted early?
