American,Musician
You don't have to be an angel, just be someone who can give.
All I can tell you really is if you get to the point where someone is telling you that you are not great or not good enough, just follow your heart and don't let anybody crush your dream.
So if diva means giving your best, then yes, I guess I am a diva.
I clean my house, although I have help. I'm on the floor getting spots. I can't stand a dirty house. I'm a cleaning fanatic.
Women are strong now. Women are dominating the charts, and women are doing it for themselves. We're kicking butt and taking no prisoners.
I've been shut down, run down, talked about, dogged out, but that never stopped me from the being the true me that's here and will be here.
I'm 60, and I did 60-year-old women songs. I'm not trying to be the Hip-Hop Queen, although I am the original Hip Hop Queen.
I keep showing decade after decade that I am a real performer.
You've got to know business before you go to show business.
Women are dominating the charts, and women are doing it for themselves. We're kicking butt and taking no prisoners.
I don't feel as though I have to prove anything to anybody.
I'm no different than you.
I'm very spontaneous.
I love Canadians because I don't see very much racism in Canada.
When I look into the crowd, I see young and old, black and white - it's amazing that I'm able to connect with so many different kinds of people.
I've had 60 years of ups and downs, and all of the downs that I've had, I'm happy that I've had them because it's taught me to appreciate all the ups.
So if anybody wants to get me something, get me 60 crabs - one for each year. I don't want no diamonds, I don't want no shoes, I don't want no party. I want some crabs.
I was a shy kid with a broom handle that I pretended was a microphone.
I never thought I would be singing for the world.
I just sing the stuff that makes me smile, makes me feel like I didn't sell myself out.
I can't do some of the songs that younger girls like Mary J. Blige and Beyonce are doing. They have their own place and I have my own place.
People with no humor, they're outta my life.
I was very shy. I'm still shy.
I'm very shy in a crowd.
A diva is someone who is a perfectionist, who does her best in her craft.
I have to go 150 percent or nothing at all.
