American,Actor
I consider myself an atheist. My wife is Jewish. And I'm fine with my son being raised as a Jew. He's learning Hebrew and is really into it. I will talk to my own son about my atheism when the time is right. But there's a great tradition of Jewish atheism, there are no better atheists in the world than the Jews.
I like playing weird, kind of shady people.
You are absolutely free to describe me as a turtle or something.
It'd be disingenuous to say I don't like attention - I'm an actor for God's sake - and it's flattering and all, but attention was never my big goal. I just like to work and have a good time.
The problem with getting injured when you get older is that it takes longer to recover.
I want to be a villain with steel hands or something. I want to be the crazy, world-domination-obsessed villain. I would love to be a Bond villain.
Sometimes, I think I may be more recognizable because I'm character-looking.
The supporting thing can be harder to pop in and out of. The hardest thing is the people who have to come in and play, say, the bartender for a day - that's a lot harder than playing the lead role. You have to pop in and get it right. It's a lot of pressure to just pop in there and fit in and find your footing really fast.
It's funny: most people who recognize me on the subway and stuff - it's much more they think of me as a funny guy. I get much more of people telling me how much I make them laugh, actually. Which is nice.
I was the youngest child and got a lot more freedom than my brother and sister. I used to wander, doing my own thing under the radar, but I didn't get in bad, bad trouble.
I suppose there must be some way in which I'm compelled to show some side of myself - or of people - that's paranoid and fraught and beleaguered and downtrodden, just as Tom Cruise wants to show that he's terrifyingly upbeat and terrifyingly heroic all the time.
Acting can be a really silly thing. It's like playing dress-up.
Lead roles are fun, but I'm especially happy other, more colorful supporting stuff has come along.
Now, actors get so familiarized with Eastern Europe. I never imagined I'd get as familiar with Budapest and Prague and places like that in my life.
Am I really cool? You're telling me I'm cool? Well, that's good to hear.
Well, you know, when people say stuff about you, it's always really flattering. But does it mean anything to me? It's not really real to me; there's no reality to it.
This whole business feels kind of intense, like a bad fit. Round peg, square hole. But whatever, I'll take it.
I've got to be the geekiest guy in the world in a lot of ways. I'm like a zeta male.
I don't consider myself a very interesting person. I have the mentality of a supporting actor.
I definitely have a tendency to only see the blemishes of things, and see lots of things about my acting that I don't like.
I've very critical of myself, and film has been an adjustment for me.
I don't mind being stereotyped in some way and playing certain kinds of guys, but if I can find something to occasionally get a break from that, that would be nice. And I feel like I manage to.
I always would be happy to make a character even more unlikable, but you know, there's a limit and if you go there, you get into a very different kind of movie, man.
I find that the crazy narcissists, the selfish loons are often the most fun to be around, weirdly.
I'm not a big wine guy. And bars, I never go to bars anymore. It's such a drag, man.
I get tired of myself pretty fast.
I played old men back in drama school. It's just now that I'm drawing level with the age of the characters I play, but I'm fine with that, and I've certainly never envied people who became hugely famous when they were young.
I was never the class clown or put on shows at home. I never thought of acting as something I could do with my life. When I was a kid, I used to run around wrapped in toilet paper so I could be the Mummy. But that wasn't a sign that I was dreaming of being an actor. I was just an odd child.
I'm pretty easy to get along with on set, but I'm probably hard on myself.
The white male is one of the easiest things to be. There's always a job; there's always something for you to do.
I don't think film actors need training, really, but I needed any help I could get.
I've never not been proud of the work I was doing; I have nothing I have any shame about.
Do you know Don Coscarelli? 'Bubba Ho-Tep?' That's one of my favorite movies in the world. And I love the 'Phantasm' movies.
I did a movie called 'American Splendor', based on the comic book writer Harvey Pekar.
One of my favourite things growing up was 'Asterix', those books.
Am I an anxious guy? I think I have been called upon as an actor a lot to access emotions like that. But I don't really think I am a big worrier. I don't see myself like that. But I guess other people do. Which is maybe worrying in itself.
The 'Planet of the Apes' movies made me wanna - probably unconsciously - be an actor. Seriously. And The Mummy - and 'Hammer horror' movies. 'Fantastic.' I loved stuff like that, and that stuff probably did more than anything to make me wanna do it.
When I did 'Lady in the Water,' the most exciting thing to me was to get to work with Bob Balaban - I couldn't leave the guy alone. I drove him crazy. He's fantastic and a hilarious guy.
I worked with J. T. Walsh - it was one of the best experiences I ever had - a fantastic actor and a great guy. I was in the last movie that he did: 'The Negotiator.' He died a couple of months after that. He was great.
I was an English major at Yale, but I did do undergraduate theater there. And I went to the graduate school for acting.
I really do like a really good science fiction movie and a really good horror movie. Those are the kinds of things I really like. But, I mean, I'm not into sort of like slasher movies. I like a really good science fiction movie, which is hard to do. They don't make many really good ones any more.
I really only started doing film in '97. I mean, before then, I just pretty much did theater.
My father died in 1989 before I knew what I was going to do with my life. I had just graduated from college. My mother died just before 'Sideways' came out. She knew I was an actor, but she never saw me become successful.
Religion features more now in my life than it did when I was a kid - my dad rejected the Catholic church as a young man. I had no religious upbringing, but certainly, Dad was a kind of secular humanist. I don't know if he was an atheist or agnostic. I regret I didn't talk to him about it.
Growing up, I didn't know where I was headed, except to the grave or maybe to the gutter. I went through wanting to do a lot of things, but acting wasn't one of them.
I think one of the great things about acting is the instant gratification: you just get up and start being a part of the story. The immediacy is something you get really addicted to.
'Rosemary's Baby' is a real New York movie, even though you wouldn't necessarily think of it as one, though I do.
In a weird way, I like to find the quirkiness in ordinary things. I like to find what is ordinary in quirky people.
I try to avoid people as much as possible. They might change my life!
Honestly, I never wanted to be more than a good supporting actor. Really, I enjoy it.
