American,Chef
You don't need a silver fork to eat good food.
I think the most wonderful thing in the world is another chef. I'm always excited about learning new things about food.
It's the sense of what family is at the dinner table. It was the joy of knowing mother was in the kitchen making our favorite dish. I wish more people would do this and recall the joy of life.
Don't get fancy. Have you cooked an apple pie? You don't know what you did wrong? Do this: Take two or three apples. Put them on a table. Study them.
I believe in America. I'm one of those silly flag wavers.
Creole is New Orleans city food. Communities were created by the people who wanted to stay and not go back to Spain or France.
We're working people, and that's what we like to do, work.
The bad part about being recognized is that when I walk into a restaurant and sit down, I've got to eat everything on the plate, whether it's good or bad. People would take it as an insult if I did otherwise.
What I think and what the world thinks is totally different.
When I travel I normally eat club sandwiches or I bring my own food. When you go into a new town, it's very had to find a good place to eat.
We didn't do wrong things because we didn't want to embarrass our parents.
Some people absorb in different ways. I didn't realize until I was 15 years old how much I retained.
When you've got a great business going, you go open another and take the risk of losing the whole thing. It's fun!
When I am done with this meal you can have my life. It is heaven.
We trust something in a grocery store and assume it's good. We don't learn about the most precious thing in life-the food we put in our body. Educate yourself!
We had no electricity, no gas. Food was probably our greatest entertainment - the most fun thing that we could do was food.
We closed the restaurant in New Orleans and brought the entire staff to San Francisco. But we had to go home.
One of the problems of our youth is that the family unit is broken up. When we'd sit down to dinner together as a family, we'd learn about each other. We had something people don't get today.
One of my missions was to teach.
My mother would put me on a wooden box at the stove and tell me to call her if certain things would happen. Like if the steam turns blue, that is danger!
In '71 or '72 I returned to New Orleans and stayed there. I started cooking Louisiana food. Of all the things I had cooked, it was the best-and it was my heritage.
If you have acid in food, you need to sugar it. At a high temperature, the acids are changed to sugar.
I would work as a cook, get a little money, then open another restaurant.
I wait for the next opportunity to have something to do with food. If I get rested, my mind just starts creating new dishes - click, click, click.
I opened my own restaurant when I was 17. I went broke, then traveled around the country, learning about different kinds of foods, had three other restaurants that went broke. It didn't all start just a few years ago!
I opened a restaurant that had nothing but California wines.
