American,Novelist
Love dies only when growth stops.
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.
To serve is beautiful, but only if it is done with joy and a whole heart and a free mind.
Hunger makes a thief of any man.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word - excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
When good people in any country cease their vigilance and struggle, then evil men prevail.
To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death.
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
We send missionaries to China so the Chinese can get to heaven, but we won't let them into our country.
You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.
If you want to understand today, you have to search yesterday.
If our American way of life fails the child, it fails us all.
The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being. His heart withers if it does not answer another heart. His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration.
Some are kissing mothers and some are scolding mothers, but it is love just the same, and most mothers kiss and scold together.
What is a neglected child? He is a child not planned for, not wanted. Neglect begins, therefore, before he is born.
The bitterest creature under heaven is the wife who discovers that her husband's bravery is only bravado, that his strength is only a uniform, that his power is but a gun in the hands of a fool.
One faces the future with one's past.
You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea.
Self-expression must pass into communication for its fulfillment.
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work.
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, for the test of a civilization is the way that it cares for its helpless members.
Men would rather be starving and free than fed in bonds.
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
