American,Actor
We spend all this energy keeping our lives normal and safe and predictable, and the result is that our approved cultural safety valve is the movies. So in films, anyway, the hero is obliged to represent the continuance of social values and institutions, and his permission to act is much more seriously limited than the villain's.
When I went to get my master's in creative writing at San Francisco State after Grinnell, I joined the moribund remnants of the Actor's Workshop, until I saw Kay Hayward and Sandy Archer in the San Francisco Mime Troupe and drove down that day to audition. The rest is history.
The body is an inviolable limit. And you have to really hurt it before you know that.
Habitat for wildlife is continually shrinking - I can at least provide a way station.
Any political agenda and organization which doesn't begin with personal responsibility is just half the argument. It's just not going to succeed.
I think you have a social responsibility as the villain, which is pretty different from the hero's responsibility. If you have any kind of a social or political conscience at all, the first thing you want to do is make malevolence recognizable to people, almost as a kind of teaching aid.
Where I didn't have the maturity and the compassion to consider other people's needs, I did a lot of damage.
We put on shows at Golden Gate Park with the Dead and Jefferson Airplane, and the groups were part of the community they emerged out of, not some superstars. We had multiple stages, diversions, communal entertainment. There is something slightly fascistic about sitting in a huge auditorium focusing all the energy on one group far away on stage.
I would say 90 percent of my mail and phone calls are from people who want some kind of help or succor or commitment from me to do something.
Kennedy invited us into the White House-the first time in the history of the White House picketers had been invited inside. This made front page headlines.
It came home to me indelibly that I was never going to change anything in America by walking around carrying a sign. It was a great revelation. It saved me a lot of anxiety and a lot of wasted energy.
I got out of college and I went to get my master's in creative writing at San Francisco State. I was working as an actor at the Actor's Workshop, being abused as a intern.
Money is a way of creating scarcity.
You don't see artists sitting around a lot, talking about ideology. They find out what they believe, and what they're doing, by doing it.
I think it's good that people value their bodies and take care of them. I think if you cross the line and begin using your body as an asset or as an extension of your vanity, you've gone too far.
Interdependence is a fact, it's not an opinion.
I think the '60s were an extraordinary time. I feel bad for the kids today who missed this wonderful confluence, which was simultaneously a confluence of the global and the mythological.
The self is just not a worthy enough vehicle to worship.
Business is a subset of the environment, not the other way around. You can't have a healthy economy, you can't have a healthy anything in a degraded environment.
Everyone knows that our current system is kind of like legalized prostitution. The corporate sector completely controls the civic sector.
My gift seems to be that I am able to tell a story in a comprehensible and engaging way.
The first time I read something, I have this special feeling of being fully engaged with it. It's fresh to the audience because it's fresh to me. It's a little mystical, but I really believe that.
People call me a movie star. If you're in the business, a movie star is someone who can make a film bankable. My name and $6 million will make a $6 million movie. I'm a working actor. Because I started late, I had a very short run as a leading man, and my films didn't make money in America.
My dad was a very violent, frightening and dangerous guy. Next to him, I was this vague kind of kid who walked around, as I still do, gathering impressions.
My house and my garden are built as part of nature, not over it.
I've always been a writer.
