American,Producer
It was kind of fun to make 'Cloudy,' which has such a stylized look, and then do 'LEGO,' which, while it's stylized, is also photo-real.
You always risk people misunderstanding you when you say anything.
As the son of a Cuban refugee and cousin and nephew to many Cubans on the island, I cringe when Americans visit Cuba for a fun island vacation.
You need pencil miles to be a great artist, animator, or filmmaker, and the sooner you start making mistakes, the quicker you learn.
Some people survived the neolithic age by being brave, others by being cowardly and smart.
Male relationships are deeply emotional and hard to talk about.
We like the challenge of a story around the most generic, forgettable man in the universe.
I would love to wear, like, twee Wes Anderson suits everywhere and not get made fun of.
I wish I could remember people's names. I'm supposed to remember so many.
I think we're going to be very embarrassed in a few years when we see a lot more women film-makers. People will look back and ask, 'How did it take so long for you to figure this out?'
That might be my epitaph: 'It wasn't as bad as I thought. Here lies Phil Lord.'
A sense of humour is never a handicap.
We try to stay as open-minded about casting as possible. When you're getting things down on paper, you might even avoid writing down a name, let alone if they have blonde hair or this or that, to stop.
The great ideas start flowing when you stop thinking about the obvious way of doing it.
I wish we had fewer bad words in 'Jump Street.' That would probably be better.
We try not to have any vanity or judgment about genre or type of film.
I apologize for the song 'Everything Is Awesome.'
Seriously, if 'Superbad' doesn't happen, I don't think 'Jump Street' ever happens.
In animation, you do so much planning ahead of time; it has to be so precise.
There have been funny sequels, but I don't know if there have been that many that feel like they're - you know - they're just as great a movie to watch, just as fun an experience but different.
I'm a big believer in the transformative, exponential power of art, like a reverse pyramid scheme.
We are so aware of how silly our movies are as we're making them.
It's easy to forget that when you take out all the shark stuff, 'Jaws' is a really beautiful human drama.
I'm a big 'Omega Man' fan because of how insane he seems, just driving around in that car really fast. It has, like, a very strange tone to it.
Batman is the ultimate in white people problems. It's like, 'Oh, I'm so rich and handsome, and women like me, and... something about my parents!'
The hardest thing to do with an animated movie is to not make it feel synthetic: to feel like it's handmade, where you can sense the human hand in it.
