American,Architect
Architecture is basically the design of interiors, the art of organizing interior space.
Architecture is art, nothing else.
I like the thought that what we are to do on this earth is embellish it for its greater beauty, so that oncoming generations can look back to the shapes we leave here and get the same thrill that I get in looking back at theirs - at the Parthenon, at Chartres Cathedral.
Don't build a glass house if you're worried about saving money on heating.
All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts, or stimulates the persons in that space.
Dullness is the enemy.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
The first complete sentence out of my mouth was probably that line about consistency being the hobgoblin of small minds.
Maybe, just maybe, we shall at last come to care for the most important, most challenging, surely the most satisfying of all architectural creations: building cities for people to live in.
I'm a chameleon, so changeable. I see myself as a gadfly and a questioner.
If architects weren't arrogant, they wouldn't be architects. I don't know a modest good architect.
I got everything from someone. Nobody can be original.
There's no worse feeling than seeing my buildings and realizing the mistakes.
All architects want to live beyond their deaths.
Anybody can build a building, putting some doors into it, but how many times have you been in a building that moves you to tears the way Beethoven's 'Eighth' does?
There's no such thing as old age. I'm no different now than I was 50 years ago. I'm just having more fun.
I hate vacations. If you can build buildings, why sit on the beach?
Purpose is not necessary to make a building beautiful.
I wish someone would ask me to design a cathedral.
I'm about four skyscrapers behind.
How does an artist know when the line that he just painted is good or not good? That's the catch. De Kooning was the greatest of my contemporaries in art, and he knew when he'd done a good line. When he didn't, he threw it away. I wish I'd thrown away some of mine.
I used to think that each phase of life was the end. But now that my view on life is more or less fixed, I believe that change is a great thing. In fact, it's the only real absolute in the world.
To me, the drive for monumentality is as inbred as the desire for food and sex, regardless of how we denigrate it. Monuments differ in different periods. Each age has its own.
Doing a house is so much harder than doing a skyscraper.
I always think of buildings in their settings, but so do other architects.
I call myself a traditionalist, although I have fought against tradition all my life.
