American,Businessman
There's a little bit of pain in every transition, but we can't let that stop us from making it. If we did, we'd never make any progress at all.
Android is often given as a free replacement for a feature phone, and the experience isn't as good as an iPhone.
I'd prefer not to tell confidential information about future products.
That's the Apple I want - I want an Apple that's bold and taking risks and being aggressive.
When the economy is difficult, people care a great deal about the things they spend their money on. Customers have come to understand that Apple's products aren't priced high - they're priced on the value of what we build into them.
It's always been about making the best Mac we know how. Among the many benefits are making it easy to use and affordable, with great features.
We try to find better solutions - our customers have given us a lot of trust.
Our approach at Apple has always been to make products we're proud to own and use ourselves.
When you take an Android device out of the box, you have to sign up to nine accounts with different vendors to get the experience iOS comes with.
Every company that made computers when we started the Mac, they're all gone.
There were so many things of value in the original Mac that it is still recognizable.
It's a world where you're going to have a phone, a tablet, a computer - you don't have to choose. And so what's more important is how you seamlessly move between them all... It's not like this is a laptop person and that's a tablet person. It doesn't have to be that way.
There's a role for the Mac as far as our eye can see. A role in conjunction with smartphones and tablets that allows you to make the choice of what you want to use. Our view is, the Mac keeps going forever, because the differences it brings are really valuable.
There's just something so amazing about being anywhere, and some music starts playing, and you just hold up your phone and can find out what it is. You never again have to say, 'That's a great song! Who is it by?'
It's really cool having the news in your pocket.
I use a lot of the Web 2.0 apps that I've seen out there, and I think there is incredible work going on there.
Sure, the labels and publishers get the rights for songs to be remade into a ringtone. So part of what we do is to work with those content owners to make sure that there are rights in place for every piece of content to be made into a ringtone.
The iPad is far and away the most successful product in its category.
I was pretty shocked at the appearance of the Galaxy S phone and the extent to which it appeared to copy Apple products and the problems that would create for us.
There were many things that led to the iPhone at Apple. We were searching for what to do after iPod that would make sense.
From the beginning, the Mac has been about Apple taking responsibility for the whole thing: hardware, software, how applications can work, and, increasingly, Internet services.
There are times when we have to add resources to Apple, grow talent to do something that we weren't able to do before.
It's a little counterintuitive to people, that doing what people don't expect ends up being what people do expect. But that is true of Mac.
You increasingly are seeing more Macs than PCs.
The job of the iPad should be to be so powerful and capable that you never need a notebook.
The belief is more and more as we use iCloud services for documents and our photos and videos and music that perhaps the most price-conscious customers are able to live in an environment where they don't need gobs of local storage because these services are lightening the load.
