American,Soldier
I firmly believe that you live and learn, and if you don't learn from past mistakes, then you need to be drug out and shot.
I honestly do feel that I am a role model for young people.
You'd be surprised how many kids and young people come to the website and send me email that they are actually going into the Marine Corp because of something that I said or did.
Even though I disagree with many of the changes, when I see the privates graduate at the end of the day, when they walk off that drill field at the end of the ceremony, they are still fine privates; outstanding, well motivated privates.
Back in those days intimidation was the greatest tool the drill instructor had. Without that tool, he would not have had control.
There's a lot of whiners in every crowd.
Everybody respects the Vietnam Veterans of America.
The drill instructor must have total and complete control. Mindless obedience is what he's after.
I play well with everybody.
Back in the old Corp, we weren't training those privates to infiltrate into the peacetime Marine Corp. We were training those privates to go to Vietnam.
I disagree with a lot of those changes, however at the end of the day - I go down to recruit graduation at least once or twice a year.
I go the VA Hospital when I have a problem and the doctor jumps on me.
I hate to hear 'Less is more.' It's a crock of crap.
It's my firm conviction that when Uncle Sam calls, by God we go, and we do the best that we can.
Kubrick ate it up. He loved it. He just let me go crazy.
That's all I cared about too, was getting it right.
Kubrick's films have life - they just never die.
The best part about the movie, and everybody seems to rave about it, is the boot camp part.
I got to write most of everything I said.
I was stationed at a marine recruit depot in San Diego from 1965 to 1967.
There have been a lot of changes in recruit training in the past twenty years.
The bad news motivated the drill instructors that much more.
Drill instructors worked seven days a week, fifteen to seventeen hours a day in many cases, with no time off in between platoons.
We had times in '66 and '67 when we would pick up a platoon of privates out of the receiving barracks the week before we even graduated the platoon that we were on!
Without discipline, there is no Marine Corps.
I got space from Travis Air Force Base, went back to the Philippine Islands and made it a point to meet the only American casting director in the Philippines. I was off and running.
