American,Actress
I know of my sex appeal. I know about sexuality, and I know how to use it - tastefully, of course.
I just really love being in my pajamas.
The more aware a man is of a woman's body, the better. He needs to know he has to tend to a woman. She might not always return the favor, but a man always has to tend to a woman first.
When a guy can make fun of you, thats attractive. Who knew that teasing could have so much power over women!
Y'know what? This is what I go by: It doesn't matter how good-looking a guy is, it just depends on his personality. If a guy can make you laugh and make fun of you, then that's what would win me over. So, yeah.
Leather accents on pieces make it fun and spices up an outfit.
That's a rule in the business. No tongue. You can't really get into it, otherwise, it's weird. I think that particular scene made his (Adam Brody) girlfriend jealous. There were issues.
I know this sounds terribly shallow, but I've been mapping out my outfits for the next day every day since I was little, even before high school.
I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture.
You can tell a lot about a person from his underwear.
I don't mind being the center of attention as a character but in real life it's not for me.
I've been in relationships where we've said 'I love you' after two weeks.
My quick beauty tip is always have a tinted gloss of some kind to give you some color even if you have no makeup on.
All of my friends, I consider childhood friends because we met when I was probably 13, and I'm still friends with them today. It's really nice that I have that core group.
It's important not to ditch your mates when you're in a relationship. Lots of girls do it, but you need to remember they will always be there for you.
My favorite albumn ever is Jeff Buckley's GRACE. I feel a weird unexplainable connection to him.
You've got to use your celebrity for good stuff, not evil. I think it's lame when people act as if they're better than everyone!
A few years ago I was at a party and this guy threw me over his shoulder, ran across the street, put me in his car, and stuck his tongue in my mouth.
I definitely have family on the brain.
Having kids is something I want to see in my future - I hope.
I secretly want to be a rapper!
I love shorts in the colder climates, because you can wear them with chunky sweaters and jackets. It's cute and funky.
I love corduroys, because they are really comfy and they're cozier than jeans. They come in nice autumn hues - colors that you can have fun with.
I'm into menswear slacks that are comfortable.
I know I look super young.
I don't do the super-clean-living L.A. thing.
