American,Designer
If a great outfit gets you one step closer to feeling good about yourself, then it's worth every penny.
I'm inspired by different cultures around the world and love to incorporate these facets into my collection.
When I look at pictures when I was younger, I do the quintessential cringe.
Because my business life is so busy, my home is really my sanctuary. That is where I reflect and spend quality time with my girls.
I don't think that everything that's popular is necessarily right for every body and so I'd like for girls to be confident enough to make the right choice for themselves and to look unique.
There's nothing wrong with looking like a woman and going in the workplace and doing everything a man can do but looking 1,000 percent like a lady.
I have always admired the way women put outfits together.
I'm not only passionate about dressing women and helping them feel and look their best, but also about helping to give a stronger voice to women and children in need around the world.
I always have one foot in the street, so I know not everyone wants to dress like the women they see in music videos.
I'm thankful I grew up the way I did. It made me a hard worker and insightful to other people's lives.
Someone's energy and aura and soul are so much more important - they don't compare to what you have on.
I am inspired by life, past experiences, what's to come, women around me, art, colors, paintings, and emotions.
A person's life is of their own making, and I take full responsibility for mine.
If I didn't love the hourglass, I wouldn't love myself.
As far as things I avoid, I always avoid following trends just because they're trends.
I've always loved fashion so much and I didn't have access to the kind of fashion I really wanted, so I would do vintage shopping.
Not everyone has to be a model and a designer, there are so many other options that are great and long-lasting. It's just finding what you're good at and being honest with yourself.
If you want to play it safe, mix a lot of colors in the same tone and that is such an easy way to feel modern and feel a little confident.
I think that a woman wears so many hats, we have so many aspects to us that we're not just one thing. We represent so much within us and that kind of comes across for me as a designer through mixing prints and colors.
At the end of the day, I want to create collections that, although I am inspired by very creative women, I want my customer to walk away with a silhouette that she doesn't even know what collection it comes from. That it just lasts in her wardrobe and makes her feel strong and confident and hopefully happy.
Dressing for yourself and not a man is definitely something I advocate.
You should always feel confident in everything you wear, no matter what trend you fit or don't fit into.
I tell girls all the time that the men that have fallen in love with me, have all fallen during a man repeller stage... funny how life works out like that.
When you have children love is always there in the best form.
If you feel good, you stand up a bit straighter.
I'm not a size 0, and I'm nowhere close to it. But, I don't want anyone to know what I am so I like to design clothes so you don't know what's going on under there.
