American,Inventor
People love video games because they do things they obviously can't do in real life. That's especially true with sports games because fans love to step into the shoes of their favorite athletes.
I had the misfortune of being born in a horrendous situation.
When technology is ready for something novel, when the components needed to build something new become affordable, it is going to be done by someone and more likely by several people.
Coming up with novel ideas and converting them into real products has always been as natural as breathing for me.
It's like I'm basically an artist. I'm no different from a painter who sits there and loves what he does.
For me, inventing video games was just one successful thing I had done among many others.
Perhaps at some time in the future, when you ask a friend to come up and look at your etchings, you will plug in your collection of video art.
When you built television sets, you have all this test equipment. And you'd have all these lines and squares on the screen to test it. So it occurred to me that it might be fun for people to control the lines and squares on the screen.
If I learned anything from the Army, it was about being able to get things done, no matter how tough the assignment, and it served me later in life.
The talent curve in game-making is going straight up to Heaven.
When you get to be over 80, your coordination goes to hell and a half.
There's nothing in the Bible that says, 'You must play video games.'
Coming up with ideas isn't hard. The real challenge is finding the time to actually build something and then finding a home for it.
'Pong' is simply a knockoff of the Odyssey Ping-Pong game.
Most inventions are based on some prior history.
All my friends, they're all gone. I've outlived them all.
By and large, I'm in the same boat as other inventors. If we're lucky, of the 10 or 15 items we do a year, maybe one or two of them wind up with a licensing agreement.
In 1966, thoughts about playing games using an ordinary TV set began to percolate in my mind.
