American,Actress
You don't know what unconditional love is. You may say you do, but if you don't have a child, you don't know what that is. But when you experience it, it is the most fulfilling ever.
My mother was a single mom, and most of the women I know are strong.
I stay in tune with my family and God.
My biggest challenge will be to play the totally submissive woman. It takes a toll on you when you play someone who's far removed from your personality.
I want to live a full life - period.
It's funny that until I actually met my husband, I never thought I'd get married.
I'm just really thankful to have the chance to portray a character you don't see every day.
People love to see themselves on screen in a way that makes sense and seems on point.
I've tried to be flexible in my career by doing a little bit of everything and that's worked for me.
It's incredibly hard out there for women of color.
Especially in this industry, women challenge men much more now because we're saying, 'We can do it, too.'
When you see all the suits in the room, everybody in the room has on suits, you know, the women, too. We're not wearing dresses and chiffon and we're not as fun as we used to be.
I never really loved school through junior high, but then I started running track my freshman year, and I was just like, 'Wow, this is cool!'
Athletes are very cool to me.
I watch ESPN all day. If you come into my trailer, ESPN is on. That's the first thing I do when I leave the set.
A Modern Mom to me is not always someone that juggles a career and family. A Modern Mom is a woman who takes care of herself on the inside and the outside.
I learned a lot from my Mom. My favorite lesson: remember there is no such thing as a certain way to parent and to remember that you are learning along with your child - it's ok to make mistakes.
I love my city and I feel like the majority of the people that are in the city are people from other cities. So I think that L.A. sometimes might get a bad rap because it's known to be so Hollywood-oriented and then underneath that you have crime. But that's really the case in pretty much any major city that you go to.
There's a difference between actresses of color and actresses not of color. If you look at how big my movies are.
If your woman is asleep every time you get home, she's just really tired. Of you.
You always make a film with the hope that all types of people will want to see your work and that it doesn't matter about your color, but unfortunately it still does.
I know in my own marriage I stayed in it to provide my son with what I thought was a stable background and to give him what I thought was the family life a child should have with two parents. But that isn't always the best way, and it took me taking my son to therapy after the divorce to really see it.
We know that's the bottom line: if money is made, the powers that be pay attention.
Children at certain ages have distinct actions, and boys at certain ages have a particular way of acting too.
