American,Athlete
My uncle was a second father to me. I spent most of my childhood with him.
For me, the people who doubt me only fuel me to prove them wrong. I want to prove to them that I am better than they think I am and that I deserve to be on top and I deserve to be World Heavyweight Champion.
I'm enjoying life at my fullest. Sometimes you realize that money isn't everything.
Mascaras' physique, in terms of symmetry and size, and his style in the ring really made him stand out. He really did live up to his name 'The Man of 1,000 Masks.' I think he had 1,000 masks and more. You would really never see him wear the same outfit twice... He was always very, very colorful.
My body had given up on me at one point. And as many injuries as I've had over the years, I truly believed that my body needed to rest and not be on the grind like it's been for the last 15 years.
I feel like, with how medicine is evolving, something will be out there soon that can help you heal from arthritis. That might be what helps my longevity and pushes me to keep performing.
I don't regret any steps that I take in life.
My favorite place to read is next to the pond in my backyard.
I've got a Kanji symbol on my shoulder; it's for my son and means 'strength and power.' I have my son and daughter's names, Dominik and Aalyah, written on the inside of the left and right biceps, too.
I made good money at WWE and traveled the world and interacted with my fans, but I missed a lot of family time. That really hits me.
To the fans, thank you for your patience and concern. They've been on point with my career, especially after my injuries.
Instead of being like the other kids going to soccer or football practice, I was wrestling every day.
On my left forearm, I've got a gothic cross with a tombstone in the center with the initials 'E' and 'G' for my friend, the late Eddie Guerrero.
Prince Puma is the crispest dude in that ring.
When you're in WWE, it's a part of that contract signing, that grind. You're on-call 24-7. That's why you become the star that you are.
Reading has helped motivate me to become a spokesperson for programs like the WrestleMania Reading Challenge. It has motivated me to become more involved in my community and to keep learning new things.
My elementary school teachers were big on pushing kids to read. If you read a certain amount of books, they would provide you with incentives, sort of like what we are doing with the WrestleMania Reading Challenge.
Reading takes me to a different place than my everyday life. I usually get fully involved in what I'm reading about, so it's a great escape.
I always said when Edge and I were tag team partners that we had great chemistry together. Then we ended up parting our own ways and facing each other, and we found that chemistry again as opponents. It doesn't matter how you put Edge and myself in the ring, we're going to make sure that we give you what you pay for.
That's really what drew me into wrestling. To see my own uncle put on the mask every Friday to go into the ring, and me putting on his masks to play wrestle with him. It was a whole different world when it came down to sports.
It was just so cool to put on my uncle's masks and wrestle with him. I knew that's what I wanted to do. I wanted to be a part of this world.
It just goes to show, if you remain focused and you have a dream and you have a desire to do something, then no matter what gets in your way, you can never lose hope. It's possible.
In Mexico, to become a pro wrestler, you have to have a wrestling license, and to get a license, you have to pass a wrestling test.
When I was 17, I got a call from Konnan. He told me that he was about to start up a new promotion called AAA. A lot of the popular wrestlers were going to come to work for him, and he wanted me to be one of them.
A lot of people have doubted me because of my size. They think someone like me doesn't deserve to be in the main event, but I think if they knew me, and knew what I've been through in my career, they would respect me.
I'll never get my chest tatted up, and I'm not big on tattoos on the legs. I'm running out of space on my body; I'd like to get more but I haven't figured out where I'll put them or what I want to get.
Kids aren't scared to pat my shoulder when I come down the aisle to the ring.
To me, being a role model is awesome. It's a blessing.
El Santo's movies were kind of out there, but Mil Mascaras did the more reality-based type sci-fi movies. You could say he was one of the first to open the notion for those that subscribe to the mentality that this is sports-entertainment.
I'm trying to enjoy my time at home and be around my kids.
I'm a big family guy. I want to do more with them.
When you, as a fan, go to see a wrestling show, you don't know what the predetermined outcome is. You take a seat and enjoy the ride - and it's a hell of a ride.
It was an honor to be invited to visit Real Madrid's training ground and meet Raul, Ronaldo, Kaka, and all the other footballers that play for such a successful team.
You never say never, but I am very, very comfortable in the position I'm in with 'Lucha Underground.' I love their schedule, I love their style, I love what they have to offer.
I don't think there will ever be another company that has what Lucha Underground has. It's very unique, exciting, and fresh - this is really something new.
I am always on the lookout for new gear. If I walk into a Louis Vuitton store, and they have a belt that I don't have, I want it straightaway.
My uncle inspired me, and it was because of him that I become a wrestler, but besides him, the one Superstar that really caught my attention growing up as a kid was 'Macho Man' Randy Savage.
WrestleMania is a week of activities and family-oriented fun, and then there is the special night at the end of it where you can see history being made.
I am always updating and coming up with something fresh, whether it's a colour, a trend, or a design, as my uncle always taught me to be unique and different.
I actually use Randy Orton as an example to my son because he wants to start training in January. My son is a big kid - he's 6'1", 205 - and I insist that he must watch and learn from Randy's style.
I learn from each match that I have, especially when it's a different opponent.
I would never intend to hurt anyone I'm in the ring with. It's entertainment, it's a performance, it's a sport.
Evan Bourne is just like me. Hopefully, he can pick out his offensive moves, because he's got so many, and he's so incredible to watch. I just hope he takes the advice of all of us who have been around a little bit longer and he can tone it down. That way, he can last a lot longer.
I've never had any prima donna attitude against me. It's always been very respectful.
I don't want to be the kind of wrestler that has to do it because he needs the money.
I always said when I was younger that I want to wrestle until I'm 40 or even in the 50s as long as I can still keep doing the same style of wrestling that I do.
I think a lot of the fans want to see the high-flying action and be entertained. I don't think there is a better division out there than the cruiserweights to do that. It could be a pigeonhole for some, but at the end of the day, it's about whatever makes you happy as a performer.
I have to say, the first time I stepped into the ring, it was probably at the age of 4. That's when I was hanging out with my uncle, my mom's brother, Rey Mysterio Sr. It runs in the family; it's stayed in the family.
We never had a trampoline, but I wished I did. We'd sneak into a friend's pool and use their trampoline to practice backflips.
We all have split personalities; we all wear masks at some point in our careers.
I literally wear a mask. When I take it off, I'm a father. I'm a husband. I like to come home, and I like to spend time with family, and I like to travel, and I like to have a good time. And I like to be a kid every now and giggle and play with my kids.
That's one of the reasons why I left WWE: not to feel tied up or pressured into fulfilling a certain number of work dates throughout the week or month - because of my injuries.
There's a huge fan base behind NXT, which is cool because that opens up the door to younger talent that maybe at one point thought that it was impossible to ever get into WWE, but now, there it is.
It was a big man's sport at one time. Maybe I had something to do with breaking that barrier and having WWE open up their eyes so they can sign younger, lighter talent.
There's a lot of talent out there with just the normal physique. The 'cross-fit' type physique - that's the new exercise that took over.
My main reason for leaving WWE was to heal up my body - to give it a rest - and to spend time with my wife and my kids.
I've always wanted to do some kind of merchandising/clothing line/action figures because I know the fan base that I have are very loyal and dedicated, and they've always loved the action figures and other merchandise.
I think, most definitely, my style has been changing throughout the years, and that's because of the injuries that I've had, the multiple surgeries on my left knee.
My knee bends only to a 60 degree angle. Normally, like on my right leg, my heel can touch my glute if I just pull my leg back. On my left side, there's still a big percentage missing. That has made me change my style in the ring.
Mexico has a big roster, and there's a lot of talent. The United States is limited in what you can do. 'Lucha Undergound' is the gateway to any luchador who wants to come and be part of this roster.
Keep in mind, lucha libre hasn't been displayed in the U.S. in abundance. It's been subtle. The pioneer was Mil Mascaras. Then that died down, and new talent was rising. Eddie Guerrero was the next one, then Konnan. Konnan had big success.
At one point, I left Mexico to continue my career globally, and a new star came about. He is known now as Myzteziz, but back then he was known as Mistico, and then Sin Cara when he joined WWE. I would have to say the fans, in their eyes, see a lot of similarities between us.
When writing 'Behind the Mask,' I opened up on every level. Hopefully, even the more knowledgeable fans, who really know me, will be surprised when they read it.
No matter how much cardio you do - running or biking or whatever - it's never the same as being in the ring.
After so many surgeries, I had to modify my game. I know what I can and can't do in order to keep performing for a long period of time.
There was one time I wrestled Eddie Guerrero in a ladder match for the custody of my son.
Even when I was a young kid, I always told my uncle that, when I became a wrestler, I wanted to be Rey Mysterio, Jr. and I wanted to wear the mask. I always pictured myself wearing a mask. I dreamed about it for so long. I wanted to be one of those luchadores who wore the mask, the cape, and the fancy outfits.
Growing up in wrestling, I would see my uncle put on his mask before he walked into auditoriums. The kids would run up to him and ask for autographs and pictures, and seeing him lacing up his boots in the locker room and putting on his mask before heading to the ring, that was all so real to me. That was the modern day superhero to me.
I always think to myself that if I was able to transition from lucha libre style to American style, then I can always go back. You never lose your roots.
There's definitely no hard feelings with WWE. I'm very thankful to them for the opportunity that was given to me.
I've been very close to Konnan for many years now. I thank him for much of my success in this industry. He opened the doors for me in AAA, ECW, and WCW. I'm very thankful.
