American,Actress
Life changes so quickly. feeling grateful to be around such wonderful people to strengthen and grow with.
Eventually, I want to move to Hawaii and chill forever.
I was one of those kids who thought I could be the president of England when I grew up if I wanted to. Then I started acting and realized life is hard, and people are mean. And there's no president of England, and I'm not British.
Music is my favorite thing in the world. I grew up completely around it and I think it's one of the most important things to me, but at this point I can't see myself doing that professionally. Luckily, for the most part, I don't feel pressured.
People are afraid to show women with demons. But I think it's important for women to see flawed female characters. We're held to a perfect standard, but every woman is flawed.
I don't spend money on the lavish life, but I spend on excessive green juices.
I think I should have been an aesthetician, honestly.
I'm kind of shy and quiet. But I'm only shy in my personal life. If I'm working, somehow I'm not and it goes away.
My bare minimum for going out is lipstick and curled eyelashes.
I do think we need heroes. It gives people hope and an example to follow.
I feel like the original 'Mad Max' created such a vivid world, that to go back and re-imagine it and kind of replay in that sandbox sounds like fun to me.
I think acting is a fun thing because you get to have so many lifetimes in one lifetime, being all these different people.
I cannot and will not play something if I still have questions. I feel like I am being fraudulent.
What I had heard about TV is that it's very rigid - that you have to hit your mark, look a certain way, do certain things, that there is no freedom artistically - and that's my worst nightmare. I don't work well in rigid environments.
You play to different parts of yourself when you take on various roles. Like, you are your confident self when you're playing this person, and you're your sad self when playing another person - but it's all a part of you somewhere.
I got lucky with 'The Girlfriend Experience' in the sense that it was one season and was meant to be that way. When I signed on, they told me that every season is going to be a different girl. I was like, 'Sweet. If I hate it, then I'm out.'
It's kind of my biggest fear: thinking I know somebody I'm going to be, and then I don't. It's probably only happened to me once or twice, but that was enough for me to definitely not do a role unless I 100% can be that person.
It's hard when you play something that people are like, 'Wow that's really cool - you just did something really epic,' because you're not always going to be playing epic characters in a role.
A lot of the time, unfortunately for women, there's not a lot of complex roles. I don't mean complex like tortured or whatever. I mean complex like there's more going on with them than, 'I'm a mom.'
People are judgmental about sex, but everyone has their own moral code. So unless you are hurting people, who are we to say what's right?
I don't remember the last time I drove. I'd rather be a passenger unless I'm somewhere beautiful.
When it comes to performance, I don't like to prepare at all if I don't have to.
I think it's ridiculous when a character wakes up in the morning with lipstick and foundation and contour and fake eyelashes and hair done.
I started driving really late. It was super freeing and fun to be able to just drive by myself. But the thing is, I don't really like driving.
I'm in New York a lot. And every time I'm in New York, I'm out every night - it's a bit much. After a week, I'm ready to go home.
Honestly, my idea of a fun night out is something like being in the middle of America in a pickup truck with a few friends.
