American,Comedian
Why should I be feeling tension? It's The Daily Show.
It's like every day I'm born anew, without Jesus.
Apparently it's cool to watch The Daily Show.
Ethanol is, in its pure form, just as much of a sham as oil.
I actually got the part. And I thought, Well, I'll do it for a while. I'll just quit if it's stupid.
I didn't hang any pictures in my office for a year because I thought that I would be jinxing myself and have to take them down the next day.
I didn't really feel 100 percent comfortable until we started working on the 2004 election.
I don't feel like I even need to contribute.
I don't know how this company got the name National Shakespeare Company, because it was literally like retards employing retards.
I get all of my comedy from CNN.
I have to stay true to myself.
I just want to do cool stuff.
I learned more about elections on election night 2000 than I ever did during my 16 years of schooling.
I remember interviewing someone I actually felt bad for, and therefore didn't want to take an ironic stance against him. It actually turned out to be a really funny piece.
I remember saying in college that I would never do commercials.
I touched an Oscar once. Friend of mine has one, for writing. As soon as I touched it, he said, Now you'll never win one.
I want to manufacture a feud.
I was going out for absolutely everything that was in Backstage.
I've got like a week and a half left, all bets are off.
If people see me in some sort of niche, then that's fine. As long as it's not The Naked Guy, I don't care.
If you have a secret, people will sit a little bit closer.
Once I found out how much an Off-Off-Broadway actor makes, I was whoring myself out the next day.
Pat O'Brien knows nothing. He's on the Hell express.
People want other people to know that they share our sensibility even if they're not exactly sure what that sensibility is.
Sometimes we have to actually say, I think you're really funny, but none of your jokes are going to make it on the air. So just answer my questions. Seriously.
The first year or so on The Daily Show is pretty intense in terms of travel. You're going to the worst places in the country, talking to the craziest people in the world.
