American,Writer
If one can only see things according to one's own belief system, one is destined to become virtually deaf, dumb, and blind.
Nobody sees the obvious, nobody observes the ordinary. There are more miracles in a square yard of earth than in all the fables of the Church.
All phenomena are real in some sense, unreal in some sense, meaningless in some sense, real and meaningless in some sense, unreal and meaningless in some sense, and real and unreal and meaningless in some sense.
Only the madman is absolutely sure.
The border between the Real and the Unreal is not fixed, but just marks the last place where rival gangs of shamans fought each other to a standstill.
A true initiation never ends.
The function of Theology? The recitation of the incomprehensible by the unspeakable to pick the pockets of the unthinking.
The totally convinced and the totally stupid have too much in common for the resemblance to be accidental.
There are gods, but there is no God; and all gods become devils eventually.
You are precisely as big as what you love and precisely as small as what you allow to annoy you.
Pregnancy is a kind of miracle. Especially so in that it proves that a man and woman can conspire to force God to create a new soul.
The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.
Every war results from the struggle for markets and spheres of influence, and every war is sold to the public by professional liars and totally sincere religious maniacs, as a Holy Crusade to save God and Goodness from Satan and Evil.
The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct.
Beyond a certain point, the whole universe becomes a continuous process of initiation.
Size is not a reality, but a construct of the mind; and space a construct to contain constructs.
Once something becomes discernible, or understandable, we no longer need to repeat it. We can destroy it.
I look forward without dogmatic optimism but without dread.
Nothing of any importance can be taught. It can only be learned, and with blood and sweat.
The web of life is a beautiful and meaningless dance. The web of life is a process with a moving goal. The web of life is a perfectly finished work of art right where I am sitting now.
Ego is a social fiction for which one person at a time gets all the blame.
The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear.
It's only possible to see people when one is able to see the world as others see it.
Belief is the death of intelligence.
Certitude belongs exclusively to those who only own one encyclopedia.
It only takes 20 years for a liberal to become a conservative without changing a single idea.
My goal is to try to get people into a state of generalized agnosticism, not about God alone, but agnosticism about everything.
