American,Writer
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done.
A competent and self-confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything. Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy.
I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.
One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortune of others.
You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once.
Sex without love is merely healthy exercise.
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
They didn't want it good, they wanted it Wednesday.
Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do.
Political tags - such as royalist, communist, democrat, populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth - are never basic criteria. The human race divides politically into those who want people to be controlled and those who have no such desire.
Never insult anyone by accident.
An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life.
I don't see how an article of clothing can be indecent. A person, yes.
No statement should be believed because it is made by an authority.
Yield to temptation. It may not pass your way again.
A society that gets rid of all its troublemakers goes downhill.
I never learned from a man who agreed with me.
It is a truism that almost any sect, cult, or religion will legislate its creed into law if it acquires the political power to do so.
One man's 'magic' is another man's engineering. 'Supernatural' is a null word.
Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
