American,Comedian
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive.
When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my mother.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her.
The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest.
On Halloween, the parents sent their kids out looking like me.
My wife was afraid of the dark... then she saw me naked and now she's afraid of the light.
My wife's jealousy is getting ridiculous. The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was.
I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out.
My wife is always trying to get rid of me. The other day she told me to put the garbage out. I said to her I already did. She told me to go and keep an eye on it.
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
At twenty a man is full of fight and hope. He wants to reform the world. When he is seventy he still wants to reform the world, but he knows he can't.
We sleep in separate rooms, we have dinner apart, we take separate vacations - we're doing everything we can to keep our marriage together.
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet.
I told my dentist my teeth are going yellow. he told me to wear a brown tie.
I was so ugly my mother used to feed me with a sling shot.
It's tough to stay married. My wife kisses the dog on the lips, yet she won't drink from my glass.
I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
I could tell my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
I'm taking Viagra and drinking prune juice - I don't know if I'm coming or going.
My wife and I were happy for 20 years. Then we met.
Some dog I got too. We call him Egypt. Because in every room he leaves a pyramid.
My wife can't cook at all. She made chocolate mousse. An antler got stuck in my throat.
My mother never breast fed me, she told me she only liked me as a friend.
If it wasn't for pick-pockets I'd have no sex life at all.
Men who do things without being told draw the most wages.
One year they asked me to be poster boy - for birth control.
