American,Politician
Real patriotism is a willingness to challenge the government when it's wrong.
Justifying conscription to promote the cause of liberty is one of the most bizarre notions ever conceived by man! Forced servitude, with the risk of death and serious injury as a price to live free, makes no sense.
There is only one kind of freedom and that's individual liberty. Our lives come from our creator and our liberty comes from our creator. It has nothing to do with government granting it.
Setting a good example is a far better way to spread ideals than through force of arms.
A system of capitalism presumes sound money, not fiat money manipulated by a central bank. Capitalism cherishes voluntary contracts and interest rates that are determined by savings, not credit creation by a central bank.
The moral and constitutional obligations of our representatives in Washington are to protect our liberty, not coddle the world, precipitating no-win wars, while bringing bankruptcy and economic turmoil to our people.
Everyone assumes America must play the leading role in crafting some settlement or compromise between the Israelis and the Palestinians. But Jefferson, Madison, and Washington explicitly warned against involving ourselves in foreign conflicts.
When the federal government spends more each year than it collects in tax revenues, it has three choices: It can raise taxes, print money, or borrow money. While these actions may benefit politicians, all three options are bad for average Americans.
Our country's founders cherished liberty, not democracy.
Legitimate use of violence can only be that which is required in self-defense.
You wanna get rid of drug crime in this country? Fine, let's just get rid of all the drug laws.
The most important element of a free society, where individual rights are held in the highest esteem, is the rejection of the initiation of violence.
All initiation of force is a violation of someone else's rights, whether initiated by an individual or the state, for the benefit of an individual or group of individuals, even if it's supposed to be for the benefit of another individual or group of individuals.
Another term for preventive war is aggressive war - starting wars because someday somebody might do something to us. That is not part of the American tradition.
You don't have freedom because you are a hyphenated American; you have freedom because you are an individual, and that should be protected.
There is nothing wrong with describing Conservatism as protecting the Constitution, protecting all things that limit government. Government is the enemy of liberty. Government should be very restrained.
Well, I don't think we should go to the moon. I think we maybe should send some politicians up there.
Maybe we ought to consider a Golden Rule in foreign policy: Don't do to other nations what we don't want happening to us. We endlessly bomb these countries and then we wonder why they get upset with us?
The obligations of our representatives in Washington are to protect our liberty, not coddle the world, precipitating no-win wars, while bringing bankruptcy and economic turmoil to our people.
1913 wasn't a very good year. 1913 gave us the income tax, the 16th amendment and the IRS.
Prices are going up. Unemployment continues to go up. And we have not had the necessary correction for the financial bubble created by our Federal Reserve system.
I had the privilege of practicing medicine in the early '60s, before we had any government. It worked rather well, and there was nobody on the street suffering with no medical care.
Believe me, the next step is a currency crisis because there will be a rejection of the dollar, the rejection of the dollar is a big, big event, and then your personal liberties are going to be severely threatened.
How did we win the election in the year 2000? We talked about a humble foreign policy: No nation-building; don't police the world. That's conservative, it's Republican, it's pro-American - it follows the founding fathers. And, besides, it follows the Constitution.
In time it will become clear to everyone that support for the policies of pre-emptive war and interventionist nation-building will have much greater significance than the removal of Saddam Hussein itself.
Of course I've already taken a very modest position on the monetary system, I do take the position that we should just end the Fed.
I would say that I'm pretty mainstream.
I have some help on tweeting.
Believe me, the intellectual revolution is going on, and that has to come first before you see the political changes. That's where I'm very optimistic.
I like Mitt Romney as a person. I think he's a dignified person. But I have no common ground on economics. He doesn't worry about the Federal Reserve. He doesn't worry about foreign policy. He doesn't talk about civil liberties, so I would have a hard time to expect him to ever invite me to campaign with him.
Aggression and forced redistribution of wealth has nothing to do with the teachings of the world's great religions.
Why is it is claimed that if people won't or can't take care of their own needs, that people in government can do it for them?
