American,Journalist
He's my father married to my sister. That makes me his son and his brother-in-law. That is such a moral transgression... I cannot see him. I cannot have a relationship with my father and be morally consistent. I lived with all these adopted children, so they are my family. To say Soon-Yi was not my sister is an insult to all adopted children.
My earliest memory is nursing and struggling to see the colored lights making up the map of the world, the famous backdrop for Larry King's TV show. There's an 'I-want-to-do-all-things-at-once' kind of theme to it.
Pope Francis has stressed humility and austerity - a far cry, according to many, from the predecessor's bling and Ferragamo shoes - those were pretty entertaining. And he's translating all of that into a policy agenda.
I know full well how important women are in diplomacy and development. I grew up with seven sisters.
I had siblings from South Asia, from East Asia, from depressed communities around America, and you know, we'd have long conversations.
Hillary Clinton respects good ideas wherever they come from. That's something I haven't seen in a lot of powerful people.
Our culture has kind of let the concept of the Renaissance Man die out. We don't really tell the kids that it's okay to bounce around the world, work odd jobs, and do six different things.
You eat a lot of goat stomach when you're in North Africa. You eat whatever's put in front of you. I am a big proponent of that.
Being under the microscope meant I was never given any slack. I still managed to screw up plenty in life, mind you, but in the things I really cared about - the legal work, or the stories I was telling as a writer, or the office I built in government - I wasn't left a lot of margin for error. It's kept me driven.
A simple leather jacket... has gotten me through cocktail parties in New York and cold nights in Afghanistan.
Ninety percent of all people under 30 are in developing countries, and that means that this new access to tech, which is such a positive thing... is also a ticking time bomb of frustration... You get this clear mismatch of opportunity and expectation.
For every young person I meet, I learn an idea.
Not to psychologize, but it's hard growing up in a family of 14 to ever feel like you're the center of the universe, or that you're that special or different. Because when it comes down to it, you're still fighting for food at the dinner table.
It's incumbent on good public servants to maintain their voices and originality of thinking.
