American,Author
When you hold your baby in your arms the first time, and you think of all the things you can say and do to influence him, it's a tremendous responsibility. What you do with him can influence not only him, but everyone he meets and not for a day or a month or a year but for time and eternity.
Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.
More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.
It has been said that time heals all wounds. I don't agree. The wounds remain. Time - the mind, protecting its sanity - covers them with some scar tissue and the pain lessens, but it is never gone.
I do not like candid pictures. They are so unattractive.
Birds sing after a storm; why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever sunlight remains to them?
It is selfish to concern oneself with tragedies.
What greater aspiration and challenge are there for a mother than the hope of raising a great son or daughter?
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
I'm like old wine. They don't bring me out very often - but I'm well preserved.
It's our money, and we're free to spend it any way we please.
Prosperity tries the fortunate, adversity the great.
The time will come when it will disgust you to look in the mirror.
Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety.
I have come to the conclusion that the most important element in human life is faith.
Sometimes I wonder if there is something about my family which invites violence. 'Is it envy,' you ask? I don't know... I've had so much, a son as president, two as senators, a son-in-law who's an ambassador... perhaps God doesn't permit that much.
I will never forgive Joe for that awful operation he had performed on Rosemary. It is the only thing I have ever felt bitter toward him about.
I am not going to be licked by tragedy, as life is a challenge, and we must carry on and work for the living as well as mourn for the dead.
I have had quite an interesting life. My husband was quite successful in the movies, and we went out frequently with Gloria Swanson and other stars.
In my relations with my husband, there was never any deceit... he never said he was going out on business; he would say he was going to a show, and I would say, 'Fine.'
As motherhood is the greatest and most natural God-given gift for women for posterity, it would seem that the birth and rearing of children, in the way which to us seems most ideal, would be the most satisfying and the most rewarding career for a woman.
I've had an exciting time; I married for love and got a little money along with it.
Make sure you never, never argue at night. You just lose a good night's sleep, and you can't settle anything until morning anyway.
In my life, I am often reminded that there is a destiny that rules over us, because no one whom I know about or whom I read about seems to be completely happy during a long time.
Now I am in my eighties, and I have known the joys and sorrows of a full life. Age, however, has its privileges. One is to reminisce, and another is to reminisce selectively.
Modern candidates seem to have to live with political matters all the time. In my father's time, a politician's home was still his castle.
