American,Actor
I usually try to stay off my phone and enjoy the world, but when I am on my phone, it's always for social media - to talk to my bros and my fans and my friends.
As far as putting stuff on social media, I think Instagram is really cool because I like the visual aspect. You're taking pictures, and you can put a filter on them, and it's super creative.
It's always important to stay in contact with the fans, because ultimately, if they weren't there, I wouldn't be here. It's very, very important to spread the love.
When I'm feeling stressed out and overwhelmed, sometimes I'll read a book. But most of the time, I will either listen to music or play music. I'm basically always playing music, even if I'm not stressed!
I have an electric Fender and a Telecaster. I have a Taylor and a Martin. I want to get more guitars for more sounds.
I try to make as much time as I can for R5, because I love it so much. Ultimately, that's what's going to be around forever in my life. Because with 'Austin & Ally,' our season is going to end, and then that will be it. But R5 will always be there.
Everyone's got crazy fans! But honestly, the crazy fans are where it's at, because they know all the lyrics to the songs that you're singing, and they're dancing and having a great time. You can really enjoy performing for them, even more than you can enjoy performing for someone that's not crazy.
I don't really think of myself as a heartthrob. I've got a lot of brothers, and there's a natural competitiveness between us when it comes to girls. If I said something about being a heartthrob, then they would bring me straight back down to earth!
When I was younger, I always wanted to be a musician, a performer and an entertainer - but I never thought about becoming a poster or anything like that. It's pretty cool.
'Teen Beach Movie' was a lot of fun because we were in Puerto Rico on an island - you can't even call it work!
I love OneRepublic, The Script, All Time Low. I love pretty much every genre. I love the Rolling Stones and Elvis.
My favorite poem ever was 'Annabel Lee' by Edgar Allan Poe.
I've met girls in college that say to me, 'Is it bad that I'm 25 and I'm in love with Ross Lynch?'
