American,Publisher
As an immigrant, I chose to live in America because it is one of the freest and most vibrant nations in the world. And as an immigrant, I feel an obligation to speak up for immigration policies that will keep America the most economically robust, creative and freedom-loving nation in the world.
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.
Great journalism will always attract readers. The words, pictures and graphics that are the stuff of journalism have to be brilliantly packaged; they must feed the mind and move the heart.
Advances in the technology of telecommunications have proved an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes everywhere.
In a world as competitive as ours, the child who does not get a decent education is condemned to the fringes of society. I think all Australians agree that this is intolerable. So we must demand as much of our schools as we do of our sports teams - and ensure that they keep the Australian dream alive for every child.
You can't build a strong corporation with a lot of committees and a board that has to be consulted every turn. You have to be able to make decisions on your own.
Our reputation is more important than the last hundred million dollars.
We've got to lift our game tremendously. We'll sell our business news and information in print, we'll sell it to anyone who's got a cable system, and we'll sell it on the Web.
I'm not an economist and we all know economists were created to make weather forecasters look good.
I would like to be remembered, if I am remembered at all, as being a catalyst for change in the world, change for good.
I felt that it's best just to be as transparent as possible.
When you're a catalyst for change, you make enemies - and I'm proud of the ones I've got.
Money is not the motivating force. It's nice to have money, but I don't live high. What I enjoy is running the business.
Crony capitalism is not capitalism - it is cronyism.
Scarcely a day goes by without some claim that new technologies are fast writing newsprint's obituary.
I'm not looking for a legacy, and you'll never shut up the critics. I've been around 50 years. When you're a catalyst for change, you make enemies - and I'm proud of the ones I've got.
You can't have a free democracy if you don't have a free media that can provide vital and independent information to the people.
So long as I can stay mentally alert - inquiring, curious - I want to keep going. I love my wife and my children, but I don't want to sit around at home with them. We go on safaris and things like that. I can do that for a couple of weeks a year. I'm just not ready to stop, to die.
I'm a permanently curious person. I probably waste my time being curious about things that have got nothing to do with the business sometimes. What keeps me alive, certainly, is curiosity.
It's been a long career, and I've made some mistakes along the way.
I was brought up in a publishing home, a newspaper man's home, and was excited by that, I suppose. I saw that life at close range and, after the age of ten or twelve, never really considered any other.
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.
I am amazed that CNN can't get its act together.
If the head man in a company is not working 12 hours a day, doing things, taking risks, but also standing with his people in the trenches at the most difficult of times, then the company loses something.
The digital native doesn't send a letter to the editor anymore. She goes online and starts a blog.
I'm not ashamed of any of my papers at all and I'm rather sick of snobs that tell us that they're bad papers, snobs who only read papers that no one else wants. I doubt if they read many papers at all.
I've operated and launched newspapers all over the world.
Satellite broadcasting makes it possible for information-hungry residents of many closed societies to bypass state-controlled television channels.
Bury your mistakes.
Look, the whole world wants to modernize, and when you look to what they mean by modernizing, they mean Americanize. Would a modern Greek prefer to live in Orange County than Piraeus? Yes. Absolutely.
If you're in the media, particularly newspapers, you are in the thick of all the interesting things that are going on in a community, and I can't imagine any other life that one would want to dedicate oneself to.
I don't mind what people say about me. I've never read a book about myself.
My mother just died at 103, so that's a start. You should live 20 years longer than your parents.
Now if you look at the London 'Times,' you'll find that with quite a number of the photographs, you touch them, and they turn into videos. I think newspapers come alive that way. We talk about 'papers.' We should cut out the word 'paper,' you know? It's 'news organizations.'
Climate change has been going on as long as the planet is here, and there will always be a little bit of it.
I wasn't weaned on the web nor coddled on a computer. Instead, I grew up in a highly centralized world where news and information were tightly controlled by a few editors, who deemed to tell us what we could and should know. My two young daughters, on the other hand, will be digital natives.
At News Corporation, we have a history of challenging media orthodoxies.
Thankfully, Australia has emerged from its inauspicious colonial beginnings to become a proud nation, a nation that overcame those primeval prejudices.
You can't have a competitive, egalitarian meritocracy if only some of your citizens have the opportunity for a good education.
From the beginning on, newspapers have prospered for one reason: giving readers the news that they want.
We started Fox when everyone said it couldn't be done.
The press is the only institution that is truly accountable. The founding fathers put the First Amendment first for a reason.
What's just about a generation of people who rack up government debt for their own health care and retirement - while leaving their children and grandchildren to foot the bill?
At its core, a fair and just society is one where opportunity is open to all - not just those at the top.
People begin to resent the rich only when they conclude that the system is rigged.
The cold, commercial word 'market' disguises its human character - a market is a collection of our aspirations, exertions, choices and desires.
We all know growth is absolutely vital to a free society. No one should want Australia to be a stag-nation: a nation with a stagnant economy and stagnant aspirations.
In my life, I have learned that most people want the same thing. They are not driven by class resentment. What they want most is to make a better life for themselves and their families - and to know that the opportunities for their children will be better than they were for themselves.
No leader will fight for values, for principles, if their government is a value-free vacuum. Moral relativism is morally wrong.
I was born in Australia and am proud of my Australian provenance, but I am now an American. Like so many naturalized citizens, I felt that I was an American before I formally became one.
Societies or companies that expect a glorious past to shield them from the forces of change driven by advancing technology will fail and fall. That applies as much to my own, the media industry, as to every other business on the planet.
I now wear a Jawbone. This is a bracelet that keeps track of how I sleep, move and eat - transmitting that information to the cloud. It allows me to track and maintain my health much better.
A lot of people are very happy to read their newspaper either on their iPad or - startlingly and faster and faster the figures go up - on their telephone, on their smart phone.
ESPN is a very, very good operation, and it's a gold mine. It's an even bigger gold mine than Fox News.
If the sea level rises 6 inches, that's a big deal... we can't mitigate that; we can't stop it. We've just got to stop building vast houses on seashores and go back a little bit.
I believe people will be watching their TV screens for a long time and that TV channels have a long-term life.
People are playing games on their TV, young men are, and people are shopping... they are not watching their news channels, but they are using their TVs for other things.
The CNN international is a different service - it is even more leftist and anti-American than CNN is. That's their business, that's fine, but it can't be getting any revenue. There is no cable network that I know of anywhere in the world other than in America that pays them for their products.
People who watch 'Fox News,' you may say, and this is anecdotal, but they are passionate about it. In the most unlikely places, like down in Soho where I used to live, people would come up to me and thank me for it. People I didn't know from a bar of soap. People appreciate that at least they're being heard. It is much more watchable.
