American,Businessman
Respect your parents. What they tell you is true. Hard work, dedication and faith will get you anything. Imagination will drive itself. You can get anything you want, but you have to have faith behind all your ideas. Stick to your goals and have an undying faith.
My little girls are the most beautiful women in the world. I am a lucky, lucky man. I will spend every day making sure that they know this.
If you give a good thing to the world, then over time your karma will be good, and you'll receive good.
Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.
As I get, I give. Giving as you get is critical. It has everything to do with being happy for yourself, and making others happy is the cause of making yourself happy, and it's the cycle of giving and getting.
If you wake up deciding what you want to give versus what you're going to get, you become a more successful person.
Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you. Pick people who are interested in what you're interested in.
If you learn late, you pass it on to people so they can learn early. It's a step process.
Art is a way to express yourself and through that you can escape a bad situation.
I think that diversity is key for the next American entrepreneurs. They want to be a part of this society where there is so much diversity they have to have people from all the experiences.
There was a moment when I was watching Martin Lawrence and Will Smith in 'Badboys' that I felt, you know, inspired. I don't know if I was proud, because so many people do the work. Everyone's part of a team that develops over the years and gives people chances. There have been some good moments watching people develop.
I want to get involved in things that makes a difference in peoples lives and lifts them up. I don't want to be a part of anything that's not inspiring or helpful to the community that I'm serving.
I try to keep a positive intention and use whatever resources I have to benefit others. I try to create businesses that I think are not hurtful. I try to do things that I think are helpful to the environment, to the animals, and to the planet.
Judgment of the people in the situation is not helpful. How can you help them is the question.
I mostly eat healthy. I just do. I'm not a vegan for health reasons - although obviously I'm 20 pounds lighter than when I started. I stayed 20 pounds lighter. I feel better. My friends say I look better. All that's true. But I'm a vegan for compassionate reasons.
If you wake up deciding what you want to give versus what you're going to get, you become a more successful person. In other words, if you want to make money, you have to help someone else make money.
Service is the key to everything in life.
To be awake is to be fully present, no noise, just you and God. Most of us only have seconds of full consciousness. To live in a state of Samadhi - that's what we're here for.
If you run a corporation, your job is to maximize the return on investment for your investors. Good for you. But by the same token, we have to remember that corporations have no compassion. That's why legislation and regulations are necessary.
The difference between blues, jazz, rock n' roll and rap is that rap stayed poor. Even the white rappers are poor. It's scarier to look at poor people; it makes everyone uncomfortable. Their pain is something that people would like to see swept under the rug.
American democracy is spoiled by people buying everything in sight and then selling and buying everything in sight, including our politicians.
Hip-hop is a voice for voiceless poor people.
Art allows people a way to dream their way out of their struggle.
Look at all the billionaires. If I know 15 billionaires, I know 13 unhappy people.
I think when you're very dedicated to something and you're engaged fully, you become a giver.
I am very lucky that I have talented and creative people around me. Also, mediation has been a very big part of my freedom, because it allows me to watch all the things going on and allows me to focus.
It is crucial that rappers have the chance to express the truth that is in their heart.
You know, I love all kinds of activism. I certainly think blacks deserve to have something whether it is affirmative action or an opportunity that should be opened up to them. But at the same time I believe that people of color are not the only poor people in America and all over the world.
People will always blame the poets for society's ills. But these are the true artists.
I produced Run DMC. I produced some early records, lots of records early on.
The book 'Do You!' is about your inner voice. And when you connect to that voice then you - then the freedom comes. And we're only here to be happy. So happy makes money. Money doesn't make happy.
I'm a creative guy. And I only do businesses as a result of like I've - I'm try to find what my gifts are and give them immediately. As soon as I get them and I understand, I give them back.
I'm born into the cycle of giving that we're all born into, and I recognize it. So just because something is a good business, I'm not a business guy. I'm a creative guy.
When I started the diamond business, no black person, period, was in it to do what we're trying to do to change the industry. So I like to do things that I see clearly that are in my, you know, scope. And then, I had to figure how I get talented or smart business people around me to execute. That's what I have to do.
My financial service business is the absolute best thing I have done to empower the poor. I run many charities and fight many political causes, but my financial service company is the greatest gift I've given.
Most people believe that results matter. The idea that results matter is one that you have to keep letting go of. And most of the time, I believe it.
I think I will always have a connection to young people, to try to bring their voices to the polls, bring their voices wherever they can make a difference.
The reason that I have Global Grind is to communicate ideas to people who might otherwise not be listening.
I go to yoga every day. I meditate every morning.
Young people, when they're left alone, always want to have compassion, and they always want to give. They always want to help people who are less fortunate.
