American,Athlete
I'm living with every step. I can't live with regret. The past is the past. I'm not worried about it. I can't change it. I can't fix it. It is what it is. I'm just living.
For me, skateboarding is a lifestyle. I really don't know anything different. My life revolves around skating. If I wasn't a professional skateboarder, I'd still be skating every day.
Don't ever give up. You gotta keep trying, and never give up.
I like skateboarding. I'm here on this planet to skateboard; I feel this is what God wants me to do. I just live it. I get hurt all the time. I break bones. It's just all part of the process.
Hopefully, kids realize you can do anything you want. Skateboarding can be that gateway.
I just motor through school in the morning and then go skating.
My whole life has been the skate life. I don't really remember doing anything besides skateboarding.
My life path has been a blessing and a great learning experience. Skateboarding is my passion and I don't see that changing. When I'm not skating, I love to surf. I'm open to the new experiences and opportunities.
No one can tell me what to do on my skateboard. My skateboard is my safe spot. I can learn tricks, I can have fun, I can do whatever I want on my skateboard.
I am always hurt, but what are you going to do? I have to skate.
A signature ChapStick would be so sweet.
If I weren't skateboarding, I'd love to race cars. I like anything that's fast and active.
I skate to anything with a good beat, anything that can get me motivated.
It's not that I don't respect my parents' authority or appreciate all that they did for me, but when I was 18 I was able to move out, and I was out. I feel like a different person since then; I mean, it's obviously a big turning point in life. I feel like I've established myself, and I'm a smarter and more mature for it.
If you go out there and your main purpose is to get a sponsor, then it's not gonna work. Just go out there and have fun. That's how I got sponsored.
I've cut down on a lot of stuff this summer, just so I can hang out and be a normal kid for a while.
I won the first contest I ever entered, when I was 6.
I'm going to capitalize on everything I can.
Every time somebody calls me out or tries to start something, it's motivation.
This is something I've always wanted to do- to skate through a part of New York City that thousands of people ride through every week, feeling the energy of one of the original stomping grounds of street skating.
These fans are there to support me, and I'm so appreciative of that.
I just want to keep things going. I just love testing myself.
Whatever sport you choose, do it because you love it, and don't expect to be an expert first thing. It takes time to do well at anything, but if you love it, you'll stick with it.
I am so grateful to everybody that supports the Sheckler Foundation, and gives us the ability to continue to help kids and injured action sports athletes.
I know exactly what I'm doing when I'm doing a trick. I really hate it when I fail.
I barely ever watch TV, but when I do, I usually only watch MTV shows, like 'The Real World Sydney.'
