American,Comedian
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years.
My view of life is, 'If you're going to miss Heaven, why miss it by two inches? Miss it!
Stand-up comedy is an art form and it dies unless you expand it.
If I get married again, I want a guy there with a drum to do rimshots during the vows.
You don't know what a rough crowd is. If all I have to do is go make people laugh, that's nothing. Let me tell you what a tough crowd is. A tough crowd is going to a morning service and you got six people there and you gotta pat your house payment. That's a tough crowd.
Every generation has someone who steps outside the norm and offers a voice for the unspeakable attitudes of that time. I represent everything that's supposed to be wrong, everything that's forbidden.
Rage only works if it is justified. That's the trick with rage. You gotta have a reason to be mad.
I guess my main influences are Jesus, rock 'n' roll and ex-wives. In that order.
Anyone can go out on stage and start beating people over the head with rubber chickens. That'll get people's attention.
Jesus is still up in Heaven, thumbing through his Bible, going 'Where did I say build a water slide?'
Not that I want to put the entire rap music style down - I just don't like it. And I know somewhere there's gotta be another guy like that. There's gotta be a guy just like that - just like me. There's gotta be somebody, somewhere... Maybe, maybe an assassin type.
I'm attracted to heartbreakers.
When has stand-up comedy been kind to anyone? It goes after anyone who's the target. Comedy attacks, man.
Folks, I've been straight for seventeen days... Not all in a row.
I guess they're tough jokes. But there's lots of things you either laugh or cry at. And you just can't cry.
Jim Bakker. He's lost everything, he's ruined. And the worst thing of all he still has to wake up to her!
It was like going to church, except Ozzy Osbourne was there.
Obviously I'm not a role model for impressionable youth.
I started saying things in church that didn't meet with a lot of approval - like 'Jesus isn't coming back.' They started throwing Bibles.
So many people counted on me to be the party, I had to move far enough away that they wouldn't want to drive there.
I got divorced, which was not a good thing for a revivalist minister. It did not go down well. I'd already been banned from a couple churches for my jokes. So one day I woke up and decided it was time to start living for myself.
If I've learned one thing, it's 'don't tell the truth.' Lies keep you together.
Everything can be satirized.
So many of these comics are just frustrated singers or actors - they want to get a gig doing a sitcom. It's paint-by-the-numbers comedy, lame joke-telling. They're drawn to it as a career move.
What am I responsible for? Who am I responsible to? Everybody? How come when Archie Bunker nailed everybody, it was funny - but when I do it, it's not?
I'm responsible. I even did a commercial for MTV saying how I was going to register to vote. And I still haven't.
