American,Businessman
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
We're all working together; that's the secret.
Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
High expectations are the key to everything.
Celebrate your successes. Find some humor in your failures.
Exceed your customer's expectations. If you do, they'll come back over and over. Give them what they want - and a little more.
The way management treats associates is exactly how the associates will treat the customers.
If everybody is doing it one way, there's a good chance you can find your niche by going exactly in the opposite direction.
We let folks know we're interested in them and that they're vital to us. cause they are.
What am I supposed to haul my dogs around in, a Rolls-Royce?
Nothing else can quite substitute for a few well-chosen, well-timed, sincere words of praise. They're absolutely free and worth a fortune.
Loosen up, and everybody around you will loosen up.
If you love your work, you'll be out there every day trying to do it the best you possibly can, and pretty soon everybody around will catch the passion from you - like a fever.
Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.
Share your profits with all your associates, and treat them as partners. In turn, they will treat you as a partner, and together you will all perform beyond your wildest expectations.
You can make a lot of mistakes and still recover if you run an efficient operation. Or you can be brilliant and still go out of business if you're too inefficient.
Control your expenses better than your competition. This is where you can always find the competitive advantage.
Maybe I was born to be a merchant, maybe it was fate. I don't know about that. But I know this for sure: I loved retail from the very beginning.
I learned this early on in the variety business: You've got to give folks responsibility, you've got to trust them, and then you've got to check on them.
I learned early on that one of the secrets of campus leadership was the simplest thing of all: speak to people coming down the sidewalk before they speak to you. I would always look ahead and speak to the person coming toward me. If I knew them I would call them by name, but even if I didn't I would still speak to them.
All of us profit from being corrected - if we're corrected in a positive way.
Each Wal-Mart store should reflect the values of its customers and support the vision they hold for their community.
The key to success is to get out into the store and listen to what the associates have to say.
Capital isn't scarce; vision is.
Give ordinary folk the chance to buy the same things as rich people.
Appreciate everything your associates do for the business.
