American,Comedian
Don't judge me. I made a lot of money.
My apartment is the equivalent of one room in my Toronto home. Now I understand why New Yorkers are on the streets at all hours. People don't want to stay inside for fear they'll go crazy.
I believe in breakfast. It's the one meal that my kids usually eat without a fuss, so that's huge. As for myself, I can't function without it, and I see it as a great way to get some healthy greens in, some coffee, and on a good day, maybe even some news of the world via the newspaper.
You have to be willing to ask questions that almost no one else would ask.
I hate birthdays. I thought that I only hated my own birthday, and then I realized that I hate my children's birthdays too.
Last year people won more than one billion dollars playing poker. And casinos made twenty-seven billion just by being around those people.
The best part about poker is there's no down side.
I'm shy, but I'm not clinically shy. I don't have social anxiety disorder or anything like that. I more have a gentle shyness. Like, I have a little trouble mingling at parties.
I never believe them when they say that because you really have to sort of be aware of what's going on in the news in order to get the jokes on the show.
I don't think the show would be funny to you if you didn't already have a base of information.
I think NASCAR's coming to Canada now so it'll take on a whole new relevance. Be afraid.
I think the show does better with newsmakers and politicians than it does with actors.
If it wasn't for what goes on in the world of politics, we wouldn't really have much of a show.
I learn something in the interviews from time to time.
A lot of funny stuff happens in Canada.
It's not every day people fly you to New York for auditions.
It was only a few years ago that I couldn't get hired to save my life.
I was totally unknown in the television and film industry in Canada.
It's great when you have people who will speak passionately and honestly about what they are doing.
There are some people who believe that these are not real stories with real people, but they actually are.
I think that my love of cooking grew out of my love of reading about cooking. When I was a kid, we had a bookcase in the kitchen filled with cookbooks. I would eat all my meals reading about meals I could have been having.
I am a cookbook fanatic.
I get maximum satisfaction out of buying children's clothes online.
It is so expensive to take care of my hair and keep it looking like I was born with it, when my real hair is the color of rat fur.
I continue to be very shy. I think a lot of actors and performers are really weird, shy people working it out onstage. I don't know why that is.
If I could live in New York the rest of my life, I absolutely would, but it's also prohibitively expensive and you have to be working. New York is a lot nicer when you have a job.
