American,Entertainer
You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity.
The ultimate mystery is one's own self.
Sober up, and you see and hear everything you'd been able to avoid hearing before.
When you lose a lover it's like getting a bad haircut. It grows back in time.
I go to temple a lot less than I would like because when I do, people still look at me as if they think it's a publicity stunt.
The success of the Rat Pack or the Clan was due to the camaraderie, the three guys who work together and kid each other and love each other.
Real success is not on the stage, but off the stage as a human being, and how you get along with your fellow man.
The civil rights movement wasn't easy for anybody.
There are certain romances that belong in certain cities, in a certain atmosphere, in a certain time.
What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent.
I saw that my image was changing or fading. One of the reasons for taking a break from clubs was to be missed-not forgotten.
Being a star has made it possible for me to get insulted in places where the average Negro could never hope to go and get insulted.
The manic pursuit of success cost me everything I could love: my wife, my three children, some friends I would have liked to grow old with.
I have to be a star like another man has to breathe.
I wasn't anything special as a father. But I loved them and they knew it.
You can be in this business 50 years and still not know anything about it.
Part of show business is magic. You don't know how it happens.
Fame comes with its own standard. A guy who twitches his lips is just another guy with a lip twitch - unless he's Humphrey Bogart.
Marilyn and I were rumored to be an item. We were friends. Nothing more. Marilyn was one of the sweetest creatures that ever lived.
I bought a house in the Hollywood Hills and brought my grandmother from Harlem to live in it with me.
I believed in Bobby Kennedy. Campaigning for him was an attempt to give back something to this country that has given me so much.
I was so opposed to the war in Vietnam that I initially refused President Nixon's urgings for me to go there.
If you want to get known as a singer you hire five sexy chicks and let them fight over you onstage and for the cameras. That's publicity, man.
You don't swing where you sleep.
Though I love the luxury of the Waldorf Towers, room service there doesn't do soul food.
