American,Actress
So many roads. So many detours. So many choices. So many mistakes.
A squirrel is just a rat with a cuter outfit!
I don't judge others. I say if you feel good with what you're doing, let your freak flag fly.
Men who are too good looking are never good in bed because they never had to be.
Every once in awhile, a girl has to indulge herself.
You can't be friends with a squirrel! A squirrel is just a rat with a cuter outfit.
I don't believe in email. I'm an old-fashioned girl. I prefer calling and hanging up.
When men attempt bold gestures, generally it's considered romantic. When women do it, it's often considered desperate or psycho.
When real people fall down in life, they get right back up and keep walking.
Balls are to men what purses are to women.
I have a fantastic husband. Here's the honeymoon part: I still think he's the funniest, wittiest, most clever man I've ever known.
Read the editorial page of your local paper. It introduces you to opinion and can be terrifically provocative and perhaps a great motivating force for you to get involved in your community, regardless of your political ideology.
I developed a really strong work ethic, and I don't take anything for granted.
I'm very, very concerned about the Bush presidency. I'm worried about the kinds of cuts in domestic programs that mean something to a lot of people, including members of my family, who depend on certain things from the government.
Maybe our mistakes are what make our fate.
Can you really forgive if you can't forget?
Follow your instincts and do not let other people's opinion of you become your opinion of yourself.
I like my money right where I can see it... hanging in my closet.
I remember when I came home from the hospital after having my son, I wore a Narciso Rodriguez black coat. Then, I was using this fragrance that I had created. I walk by that coat, and it still smells like that fragrance. It takes you right there.
I think growing up in a big family taught me a lot of problem solving and how to share and compromise, and that's been helpful in my marriage.
As a woman, I have an inherent need to be all things to all people, to make certain everybody's taken care of. I know I can't sustain that level all the time, so I'm finding the proper balance and it's made me infinitely happier.
I have a lot of responsibilities outside myself. I have a large family. I want to know I can always be helpful.
I write about sex, not love. What do I know about love?
I expect I should be more calloused by now, but I am so sensitive about not ever living up to anybody's worst idea about an actor who is well-known.
We all live in a time where we're supposed to have choices and how do we wrangle that and how do we make the best choices for ourselves and our families. It has nothing to do with feminism.
People always assume that I'm some sort of party girl, and that's such a misconception because I like staying home.
So we strive for perfection in the areas in which we can control, and that isn't necessarily what provides contentment and joy for ourselves and, more importantly, for our children.
What I've learned about being a parent is how much you sort of secretly learn from everyone else and how valuable it is.
I love Matthew Broderick. Call me crazy, but I love him. We can only be in the marriage we are. We're very devoted to our family and our lives. I love our life. I love that he's the father of my children, and it's because of him that there's this whole other world that I love.
I cringe inside when anybody gives me something. I don't know why. I just get embarrassed.
I wanted a family, but before I had a family, I was a career person. I've tried to marry those two things, and sometimes it is successful, and sometimes it is not.
My mother was a master juggler. If you ask her, she'll say she was a wreck. There's plenty of screaming that went on in the house, but I think it was necessary just to be heard. There were eight children!
I just wasn't one of those girls who dreamt of her wedding day and the birth of her first child.
I love Jennifer Hudson! She is so lovely on screen. She is so buoyant and youthful off screen as much as on.
My dream was to be a working actress that would be working in theater.
There are occasions that I love to be fashionable and enjoy, you know? But the work day of a mother doesn't include a hair making team or any consideration of your shoe.
I do wait in line, and I do take the subway, and I do my own grocery shopping, and I do take the kids to school. But it almost doesn't matter to a certain segment of the populace.
We didn't have a lot when I was growing up, and it's the best thing that happened to me because I appreciate everything. I developed a strong work ethic, and I don't take anything for granted.
I love, love, love being an actor - it's still the hardest and scariest thing I do, outside of parenting. But I've always been someone who likes a busy day.
I believe in God, but in my own unconventional way. We're not affiliated with any organisation, and I have no religious education of any kind, but I definitely have my own kind of ideas about it.
It was very flattering when Manolo Blahnik named a shoe after me.
Graham Norton makes me laugh. I love him. I'm not kidding. I watch him on BBC America every week. He's so fast.
If you have a child, you're improvising with rules all day long, and some of them are total lies.
If you're in a series, you can't quit, you can't work in the theatre and you can't do a movie when you like.
People should dress the way they want. Any rules for age or shape are silly.
You can't live in New York City and be the most important person in town; you just can't. There are too many other important people here.
