American,Actress
As far as festivals, nothing tops Cannes.
I am a free spirit. I am very impulsive. I put the most trust in people chance after chance, regardless of how they treat me.
I don't know what's next, and I like that idea. It's a little scary, but it's also beautiful. When you're open, anything can come your way.
You can't just constantly judge a situation or a person because of what you're used to or how they look. They might turn out to be this sweet man who asks you what your dreams are. You know?
I'm flowing and letting things happen as they happen. I want to be living out of suitcases on the road. I'm open to the universe, whatever comes my way. I feel like a hippie - but hey, it works.
If I dig something, I'll throw it on. I like random stuff you can get at thrift shops.
I can't walk in stilettos. I'm more of a boot girl.
I believe that the universe works how it's supposed to work.
I don't really have childhood-type memories. I had to grow up very young.
I suffer a lot with mental health and stuff, so I had to find something that was going to make me OK with who I was and also give me some peace and happiness with being alive. So yeah, I've worked hard on myself.
I come from Texas. We're a different brand of people. You're not changing who I am.
I think there is this whole part of America that people overlook. I think they know it's there, but they tend to overlook it, become ignorant to it, and refuse to see it for what it is.
Acting... honestly, I'm so uncomfortable and so awkward that I could never think about setting foot in a theater room or acting class.
I love movies like 'Girl, Interrupted' and 'Infinitely Polar Bear.' I love action movies.
I don't know anything about the film industry. I thought I knew films, but apparently, I don't know films or people!
I'm not like, 'I act.' I'm like, 'I'm kinda floating. I kinda did this movie; it was kinda like going to camp, and I don't really know what any of this means!'
I'm not embarrassed that I'm mixed. I'm not ashamed that I'm mixed. I very much embraced both sides.
Everything about acting was either the opposite of my personality or it just didn't seem like something I wanted to be a part of.
All I know is real life. I don't know how to act. I don't know how to pretend.
As far as how I grew up, and who is in my life, it's still a very complicated thing as far as how I want to get that across.
I've had so many people in my life put me down because of how I look. When I worked in restaurants, I had people say, 'I don't want her to serve my food,' because I looked dirty or something.
I went to high school in Frisco, Texas, where a lot of people look the same, dress the same, act the same. People are either like, 'You're not black enough for this' or 'You're not white enough for this.'
I have such love to the point of obsessions of people and their minds, and I'm constantly trying to find the beauty in things, and I think people are such unique and complex creatures.
I'm sorry - I know America is supposed to be the land of the dreams and hopes, but it's like, when was that actually a real thing? I think from the very beginning it was all a lie, and it still kind of is. Stop trying to sell the picket fence, because there's another backyard here that you haven't looked at.
I'm the kind of girl who just, like, rolls out of bed and puts my jeans on and shakes my hair out.
I'm a really uncomfortable person, so the whole Hollywood lifestyle - attention on me, the cameras, people telling me how to live my life, talking about me in a public way - none of that is appealing to me. Acting is amazing. But everything that comes with it is such a turnoff.
