American,Musician
I think the best riffs and the best songs come when you're jamming and having a good time.
I don't even know who that person was in the '80s. I see pictures of myself from back then and I don't even recognize myself.
Frank Zappa... was Beethoven for insane rock guys.
A guitar for me is pretty much strictly in the context of writing songs for my band, coming up with ideas with my band, and then being able to perform those songs as best as I can on stage - that's what the guitar for me has always been.
If someone wants to sticker a record for whatever reason, that's fine. But once it affects someone's opportunity to, you know, get that record, then I have a problem with it.
I don't think any of our lyrics have ever been erotic in a sexual term, because I haven't really written, touched on, that subject too often. But, uh... I mean, I suppose they could point the finger at us for violence maybe in certain songs.
I've always been a true believer that if men had babies, nobody would be trying to tell them what they can and can't do with their bodies.
Music and songs are written at different periods of time, at different times in your life. They reflect the feelings you have and to be honest, I quite like having positive emotions.
At some point around '94 or '95, 'Rolling Stone' said that guitar rock was dead and that the Chemical Brothers were the future. I think that was the last issue of 'Rolling Stone' I ever bought.
Why would heavy metal ever go away?
Anthrax, it's something that gets you sick, it's horrible, strong. It's a heavy-metal band name if there ever was one.
When you're younger - duh - you don't really have the tools to deal with certain things in your life.
I kind of live in this weird world where I am exposed to a lot of stuff, but then again I am not exposed to a lot of stuff.
Even as a kid, if I would come across something cool in the record store, that would be how I found out about bands. It's kind of the same way these days. In a way even less because there are no record stores to go to anymore.
I love what I do, somehow I have been able to play in a band for my entire life and that is all I ever wanted to do. I love that I get to do that.
I could care less about sitting around and practicing the guitar for hours a day and trying to be the best guitar player on the planet.
What is it about a zombie that appeals to me? I don't know. Maybe that it's just the most possible - I don't know - of all the supernatural entities.
I'm not the kind of guy who sits around at home and writes songs. Once in a while I'll pick up a guitar and noodle around, but it's rare.
To me, the guitar is a tool for songwriting, and it's fun, too. The day that it's not fun, that's when I'm not gonna play guitar anymore.
To be honest, I'm one of the least-technical guitar players around. I just want a guitar to feel good and sound good. That's it, period.
I'm just not a big fan of the too-cool-for-school indie world. Metal bands have never been invited or been able to be part of the cool kids, and I like it that way.
As big as Metallica are, they're still not like a pop act. As big as they are, they're still not U2 or Lady Gaga. It's still underground.
Nobody gets into a band and thinks they're going to have a 30-year career.
There's a thousand other things I would rather spend money on than a car.
I have enough to think about - I just don't ever want to have to think about my car.
Metal guys are huge nerds. A good percentage of them are either horror or sci-fi or comic book or fantasy nerds.
