American,Musician
For me, the best vacation is just relaxing on the couch!
I don't speak Spanish. I've done Spanish 1 and 2 classes. My grandma asked me when I was young if I wanted to learn Spanish, and I guess I was young. I should have, because it would have helped me a lot.
My favorite type of music to sing is country, and my favorite type of music to listen to is country.
When they first said I made it through it was just crazy, I mean all kinds of thoughts were going through my head, and you know to be watching the show for nine seasons and to be on it now is surreal, it's so surreal.
It's a new game now, you know, you have to bring some fresh stuff.
It's so surreal being here.
That's the last thing I want to do is go on up there and mess up, you know, in front of America.
If my life were a song it would probably be titled 'Roller Coaster', up and down all the time.
I love singin' in the car, it just makes me feel good.
You know I used to sit there and I'd go outside and play ball and everything, but now in my free time I just kind of lay back and relax because this atmosphere is so busy and stressful, so anytime I can sleep, you'd best believe I'm sleepin'.
I want to go to Nashville and get cracking on this album.
I was watching the show last year and it didn't even cross my mind that this could even happen.
I gotta get a truck.
I'm sure those rumors are spread, but it's just ah - we're really good friend. We've been since day one in Hollywood. In class, we've been together in school. We've gotten really close, but I don't know about the more than friends stuff.
I'm still single, but me and Lauren are really really really close friends.
What makes me unique is that I'm normal.
You gotta 'be' country music - you can't just sing it.
I want to do music the rest of my life.
When you're the opener, you're the guy getting the crowd warmed up. But when you're the headliner, you're the main dude. People come to see you, and you have to deliver. It's a cool position to be in.
I was an Elvis freak. That's all I listened to growing up.
Just the title of 'American Idol' is something that people can look up to. I'm not Saint Scott, I'm not Mr. Perfect, but I want to be that role model.
One thing I love about Josh Turner is his faith; that's why I looked up to him so much.
I don't think you'd call me a traditionalist. But you can say I have an old soul, because I grew up listening to Conway Twitty and Hank Williams.
I wanted people to see that I really am a real person. I'm not just some guy who was on a TV show, some guy engulfed in the Hollywood life. I'm just a normal guy when it comes down to it.
For me, my number one priority always has to be the music, and I'm going to work school around my music - not music around my school.
Country music is me, it's what I've grown up with, and it's what I do.
