American,Actor
If I did want to go back to school, I'd want to go to Loyola Marymount University over in, I believe, Morina, or Pepperdine. Those are just beautiful campuses. I know that's probably not the right reason to go school. The campuses are just stunning.
I was introduced to spinning. It was so intense! It's the hardest workout you've ever done, and afterwards you feel amazing.
I grew up in Dallas, and my dad works for IBM, so I grew up in the environment of Silicon Prairie.
I remember watching my dad work on PCs, and I remember using Texas Instrument calculators in school. It was a bit nostalgic.
I remember having computers at my parents' house growing up. We had different desktop PCs, but my first laptop was an IBM ThinkPad laptop. It was big, bulky, slow and terrible.
I was a little, tiny kid in the '80s, but I do remember seeing the styles of clothes, and I remember the cars from that era.
When I was growing up, my favorite movie was 'Somewhere in Time' with Christopher Reeve, which is a hugely romantic, sappy movie. I couldn't understand it when the guy didn't get the girl or the girl didn't get the guy in love stories. I was definitely a sap.
It was a small farm in a little rural town by the Indiana state border. I lived there from ages 5 to 12, I would say, before we moved to Dallas. We had chickens and a vegetable garden, and I had to get up to milk the goats at seven in the morning or do it at seven at night.
I've got two little dogs, a little Chihuahua-Pomeranian I've had for about eight years - his name is Oliver - and a miniature German Schnauzer I've had for about seven years. They're like little brothers.
I'm a huge 'Game of Thrones' fan. I'm really into the 'Colbert Report' and 'Last Week Tonight.' And I really like to get on Netflix and watch, like, TV documentaries about: What happened to the mastodon? Or who was Jack the Ripper?
I don't really like sweets, so that's never been a problem. Instead I'll have Kettle potato chips, which are gluten-free.
ABC Family is ready to get a new image for themselves, and I think 'Greek' really kind of started that change.
I think if an actor is right for a role, casting sees that, and the words that are on the page, depending on how it's written, can really help your character develop.
I lived in Chicago until I was about 12, and then I moved to Dallas until I was 19. So I think both were probably the time right when I was about to get an accent, or I lost it right when I moved.
