American,Businessman
Your happiness is at the intersection of your passions and learning from great people.
Whatever vocation you decide on, track down the best people in the world at doing it and surround yourself with them.
Trust leads to approachability and open communications.
An approachable and authentic CEO is essential to fostering a high-performance, open communications culture.
Feedback for leaders is often nuanced and difficult to deliver. That said, hearing you are passive-aggressive from 10 different people described 10 different ways becomes hard to ignore.
It's important for a leader to hear about his blind spots on a regular basis so working on them is periodically top of mind.
Nothing helps make a leader more approachable than admitting your struggles, screw-ups and behind-the-scenes thinking on hard calls. If the leader makes this a priority, the whole company will be more open and methodical learning from failure.
While there's no substitute for real experience, I believe it helps to hear and share stories of resourcefulness in action - almost like case studies in school.
At Andreessen Horowitz, we talk about the notion of being 'too hungry to eat.' That's to say, we often see startups that are so entrenched in the product that the founders forget they need muscle to grow.
The first day, week and month of an employee's experience carries a lasting impression.
As CEO, I had a standing 30-minute meeting every Monday to greet and connect with new hires.
I see many founders waste too much time trying to work their networks and/or ultimately settle for mediocre but available candidates. You will definitely have to interview hard for cultural fit, but the best talent isn't cheap.
Working at a big company sucks - avoid it. Smaller companies are 10 times better for learning.
Be generous with your time and money - it has an amazingly fast payback. Be in the moment with everyone you love - and this frequently means tuning out work completely. And drive slow in parking lots.
Developing a good, healthy culture is extremely important at a startup. Culture reflects the essence of a startup's operation because it directly affects the success of a company's hiring practices and overall strategy.
As a decision maker, you rely on information being passed to you by the people who report to you. As the CEO, however, you cannot rely solely on this information. You also need to 'dip' down into your organization and learn directly from employees at all levels and virtually all skill sets.
When a team has to work over a weekend, make a high priority of being there as well, even if it's just to stop by and buy them a meal to show your appreciation.
Hold at least one all-hands meeting every quarter and, to underscore the startup's team concept, make sure at least one additional executive joins you in leading the meeting.
As a first-time CEO, I wasn't sure if I would scale to run IronPort long-term. But I wanted a legitimate shot at it.
The thorniest business problems will surface at the board meetings, and the different, sharp opinions help to better explore the poles of the arguments to make better decisions.
Being on a board is not just about showing up for the meetings. A board member needs to materially contribute to the success of the business.
The best board members aren't elected by default. CEOs that set themselves up with their choice of board member - which means getting more than one term sheet and doing extensive reference checking - are better off.
Most companies don't have a good mechanism to give the CEO real, honest feedback.
I don't like sweating the details, and I'm pretty disorganized. To be a better leader, I need to stay on top of these shortcomings, and being reminded really helps.
For me, the brightest years at IronPort were without a doubt the darkest years at home.
Part of the magic of a startup is the fear of death. You have only so much money in the bank, and if you don't get to the right milestone before you run out, then the company goes under - it's over.
