American,Politician
My liberal friends, Congressional Black Caucus members, talk about fighting for the defenseless, the hopeless, and the downtrodden. There is no one more hopeless and voiceless than an unborn baby, but their silence is deafening. I can't hear them. Where are they standing up for their communities, advocating and fighting for their right to life?
I don't necessarily support Romney, I don't consider myself a Republican. I'm pretty much an independent.
Do I want to see people take their Social Security payments and put them into private accounts, open up an eTrade account and go into the stock market? Absolutely not.
We see people voting for bills that their ideals and principles are opposed to, but because their little funding project is in there, they're voting for it. We might say it's one percent of all spending but the impact of that spending is far greater.
If Scott Brown can win in a state that President Obama won by 26 points, I can win in a district that Obey won by just 20 points against an unknown, underfunded challenger in the Democratic landslide of 2008. It means there is not a single Democrat in the country who is safe.
If I know I'm going to be in a little different system, I'm 39, I can plan for that; we can plan for that. Doing nothing, the status quo, is going to guarantee cuts for current seniors... reforming the system is the only way you shore it up.
For small community banks and credit unions, like those in Central and Northern Wisconsin, the hundreds of new rules will require an estimated 2,260,631 labor hours just for compliance. Those are hours that your local bank or credit union will spend dealing with some Washington bureaucrat instead of focusing on the needs of customers like you.
I think when you marry up like I did and Mitt Romney did, your wife says a lot about who you are and I think she humanizes him and brings a different vision of who Mitt Romney is.
I never thought I would run for Congress. If you look back at a certain reality TV show, you know that.
As American families and businesses have been forced to tighten their belts, Washington has refused to do the same.
With 6 kids, I still pay off my student loans. I still pay my mortgage. I drive a used minivan. If you think I'm living high off the hog, I've got one paycheck.
Black lives matter. They do. And Indian. And Asian. Hispanic and white. All those lives matter. We should fight for all life, including life of the unborn.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have left us with $19 trillion in debt.
Millions of dollars, millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and to the Senate. This isn't about babies; this is about money.
Why wasn't Michelle Obama, on October 1st, at the computer with her family signing up for Obamacare, or Jay Carney? They have their own gold-plated health care plan.
We should be all be treated equally under the law. Why should members of Congress be in Obamacare and not the president?
The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman don't even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee.
Paul Ryan is loved in our state because he's a conservative who has advocated for conservative policies, and Donald Trump coming out saying favorable things about Mr. Ryan's opponent doesn't add to the number of voters in Wisconsin that'll vote Donald Trump.
Paul Ryan is the gold standard for conservatism.
I think that bold leadership sells.
If you want to persuade people, you've got to talk with your heart. You've got to talk about why your policies matter to them.
Hillary Clinton is a dud. She's horrible.
There's a viewpoint that says, 'I can fight for minorities, and I can fight for women,' and if you get that, you make up a vast majority of the voting block, and you win. And white males have been left aside a little bit in the politics of who speaks to them.
Some will say, 'I wish I had a different choice. I wish there was a different candidate!' Listen: you have two choices. You have Donald and you have Hillary. And you have no other choice.
I'm jumping on a trend to try to engage my younger constituents. They need to know that a lot of what's happening now will impact their futures. If taking a 'selfie' with the chair of the SEC, Steny Hoyer, or Alzheimer's research advocates, gets their attention, then it's worth it. Plus, it's fun.
I know my kids best. I know what morals and values are right for my children. I think we should not have an oppressive state telling us what to do.
