American,Journalist
Every decision that they take has enormous consequences, and ripple out from the White House.
It was the biggest suppression of voting rights in our country's history since Jim Crow. And the thread of race runs from the beginning to the end of my book.
The biggest mistakes, early on, involved foreign policy and involved the strategy for health care.
On the contrary, it might even be a projection of what the truth is of the Bush Administration's complacency and ineptitude on the terrorism in its first 9 months in office.
It wasn't simply that Clinton created the greatest prosperity in the country's history. Or that we created 22 million new jobs, more than ever before. Under Clinton, poverty was reduced 25%.
The conservative argument is that the economy is like the weather, that it just operates automatically.
But presidents matter. That's one of the biggest lessons I learned being in the White House.
Clinton took very tough decisions on the economy.
The book shows Clinton in the presidency as a profile in growth.
On health care, virtually every political error that could be made was made.
At the same time, Clinton was doing a lot things right, like the economy.
The attack on Clinton on terrorism is entirely politically inspired by the right-wing of the Republicans, and has no basis in fact whatsoever.
Clinton was very early on aware of the problem of international terrorism.
We barely missed killing Bin Laden. There were numerous findings issued by the President to kill him. We rolled up terrorist cells. We stopped the millennium bombings.
And Louis Freeh was a completely dysfunctional FBI Director, who was actually waging his own private war against the Clinton Administration.
If there were any clear investigation of 9/11, they wouldn't let Louie Freeh off the hook.
What happened to the Bush Administration regarding terrorism is that they regarded it as a secondary issue, and associated with Clinton. One of those Clinton issues.
Dick Clarke, who was head of counter-terrorism in the National Security Council, pushed constantly for the Principals Committee, which is the key national security group of top officials to take up the issue of terrorism.
It was an absurd theory that by cutting taxes you would increase government revenues, because the growth of the economy would create an overflow of taxes that would fall into the government coffers.
Even on education, his one accomplishment, the Leave No Child Behind Act, and he has left it unfunded.
Bill Clinton was in the line of great progressive presidents who faced the realities in his own time and applied innovative solutions to problems.
22 million new jobs under President Clinton. 3 million lost under Bush.
The Democrats need to remind people of where were, in terms of our progress, as markers against where we are, and where we've fallen, and how we've declined under Bush.
Clinton was a president who used his office, in creative ways, to try to reinvigorate the federal government to benefit the majority.
It's absolutely crucial for the Democrats to have a sense of their history, of who they are, in order to be able to project their values and stand up for them.
As I said, if you don't stand up for yourself, people aren't going to think that you can stand up for them.
