American,Actress
As I get older I'm more and more comfortable being alone.
When you have your heart broken for the first time, you gain depth.
I like being able to walk into an old town and find good local food.
I would often find myself, at the age of 21, at midnight, running down a dark street on my own with 10 men chasing me. And the fact they had cameras in their hands made that legal.
I'm so not perfect.
I find it very hard not to be myself and maybe that does attract attention, but I'd be miserable if I wasn't.
Everyone I've worked with on any film will say I'm the hardest worker.
I love my job, I've always loved my job.
I just want to work, and learn from people I respect and admire.
The big thing I've discovered, the big secret, is that it's all about how happy you are. It's the ultimate thing. People forget your flaws and imperfections if they see you're happy.
I've made apologies to people I needed to, but I can't apologise to people I don't know for things they don't understand.
I find all that slightly destructive but mad love alluring.
I experienced the judgement of a lot of people - and deservedly so.
You become very known for being someone's girlfriend, and all of a sudden there's all this hype and buzz for all the wrong reasons.
I bite the skin on the side of my fingernails.
Human nature is such that monogamy is a really hard thing to achieve.
It's wonderful to feel supported, but there's a lot of negative energy towards me as well. So I ignore it, to be honest. If I started to read it all it would completely mess up my head.
I'm a real relationship person - contrary to public perception. I'm either in one or I'm not.
Chivalry is dead.
I'm really grounded and quite hippie, wanting to nurture and have children and be quiet.
But there is something seductive and the character, Alfie is so charming, and does make you think like you are the most important thing in the world but he's not that nice, is he.
I don't normally look like a twig and I do eat like a pig but the weight has just dropped off me.
I have met a few Casanovas I like and a few I have not liked - and I hope to meet a few more.
I'm full of curiosity.
I'm the black sheep.
I think I underestimated the way people bracket you.
I'm really not good at dressing up and being glamorous.
I'm not about hair and makeup.
I'm far too low maintenance to ever spend more than five minutes getting ready to go out.
My parents were quite liberal with us, always encouraging us to be our own person and be creative.
I've always kind of done exactly what my instincts said.
I probably seem like not a particularly nice person, not a girl's girl.
I do think sometimes people get morally superior without understanding situations.
I have a good brain on me, but I've never really used it when it came to making decisions about love, which has been a blessing and a curse.
I've had some real hair disasters.
I once used henna to dye my hair brown for an audition, thinking I was being clever as it's all natural.
I'm not averse to being in big commercial films.
I've actually never been taken on a date in my whole life.
I get kind of emotionally involved very quickly, and I'm not going to spend time with someone unless I love them. But it's not hard for me to fall in love.
I quite love sequins; I think it's the drag queen in me.
I'm free-spirited, and it gets me into trouble.
I've said things and meant them, but I'm obviously a very confused person who has no idea how they feel about things.
I just worry because I know I say a lot, often. It doesn't bother me, it's more about the people that get affected around me.
I feel like I experienced my 20s in all their glory and all their disastrousness.
Teenage girls like certain things I wear - or certainly did when that whole boho thing happened.
I'm such a klutz!
The amount of speculation surrounding my romantic life is astounding. It's strange how involved people get: invested and angry, really disappointed.
All the legal action I've taken against newspapers has had a massively positive effect on my life and achieved exactly what I wanted, which is privacy and non-harassment.
I'm stupidly proud of myself.
I once made the mistake of going for a whole row of false eyelashes, which was just wrong as it gave me a sad, puppy-eyed look.
I feel very blessed. I have had, and am having, such a lovely life.
I'm not high maintenance.
If each one of us does our bit, we will be helping to keep global warming from harming our countries.
I definitely have been foolish.
I'm supposed to be this complete slapper, that's my reputation.
People are terrified for their own reputations. They want the press on their side.
You want to feel that you can do something creative that you love without being picked apart and mutilated for other people's pleasure.
My career suffered massively because I had a reputation for being a very tabloid person.
I lived my twenties in a very public manner and if anyone's twenties are documented it's not always going to be pretty.
With acting, there is a level of anonymity which is conducive to your profession. There are examples of very public people who are on the cover of every celebrity magazine but can't open a film.
I think the media has changed, not just in England but in the world.
For a number of years I was relentlessly pursued by 10 to 15 men, almost daily. Spat at, verbally abused.
I was very nervous about taking on an empire that was richer and far more powerful than I will ever be. It was very daunting.
I am very lucky, I have a very tight group of friends and a very supportive family, and to this date no-one has ever sold a story on me.
I felt like I was living in some sort of video game and people pre-empting every move I made, obviously as a result of accessing my private information.
I would rather have not gone through any of the litigation that I've had to go through.
The newspapers turn a blind eye to how they get their material as long as they have great photographs.
It's just so weird when an entire nation knows what you are going through.
I think all humans are essentially proud and I certainly am.
It's reached this point where people are fascinated by every intricate detail of other people's lives. And some people are willing to give up their lives like that.
I'm lucky I have good metabolism and I'm very grateful for that.
I don't go to a gym. I find that really hard to do.
Everyone in L.A. is very positive and upbeat, whereas London can get quite miserable at times.
I never Google myself. Only if I want to feel really terrible about myself would I do that.
I went to an all-girls boarding school for most of my youth.
I'm very lucky that I get to make a living out of acting, which is what I love, and the level of attention I receive has sometimes been my own fault and sometimes not been.
It was a really fun idea to have a fashion label with my sister but I don't have an awful lot of time for it because my first love and job is to be an actress.
I'm really domestic.
