American,Athlete
At the end of the day, if I can say I had fun, it was a good day.
A successful competition for me is always going out there and putting 100 percent into whatever I'm doing. It's not always winning. People, I think, mistake that it's just winning. Sometimes it could be, but for me, it's hitting the best sets I can, gaining confidence, and having a good time and having fun.
I would say to always follow your dream. And dream big because my whole career, including any of the things that I've accomplished, I never thought in a million years that I would be here. So it just proves that once you believe in yourself, and you put your mind to something, you can do it.
I always say my biggest competitor is myself because, whenever I step out there on the mat, I'm competing against myself to prove that I can do this and that I am very well trained, prepared for it.
Always work hard and have fun in what you do because I think that's when you're more successful. You have to choose to do it.
For me to compete at the highest level, training and living a healthy lifestyle is an everyday focus for me, and I'm excited to be a part of the Everyday Awesome team!
I tune it all out because if I let other people's stress get to me, then I stress myself out more than I need to.
I'm very fortunate to have a coach that I got to stay with all this time. Every year the bond gets stronger and better, and we understand each other more. And it's like she can tell if I walk into the gym what kind of mood I'm in, what she has to fix for the practice I need, or how I'm feeling.
Stay healthy, have fun with it, and embrace all the moments. Because anything can happen.
It hurts my head, but it's fine because it's something I do every day. You can't avoid the gymnastics questions.
I was built this way for a reason, so I'm going to use it.
The floor exercise is a way to express your personality.
If I thought of gymnastics as a job, it would put too much stress on me.
Before a big event, I usually go to church and light a candle for St. Sebastian, who is the patron saint of athletes.
I never thought about competing in the Olympic Games when I was growing up.
They're like, 'Oh, you did a...' and I'm like, 'I did a what?' No, I flipped twice. I twisted twice. They go, 'It's called a...' and I'm like, 'Why do I need to know that? I just need to go and do that.'
You can have fun and do well. Just let loose a bit.
If you ever have a mistake, you try to just kind of forget about it because if you carry that with you for the rest of the routine, then the rest of your routine might not go as planned. So you just kind of shake it off, and you just continue your routine like you didn't fall.
Everything I do is in the gym, so I'm always in gym clothes. I'm excited to explore lifestyle clothes for a little bit.
My mom, Nellie, got me a rosary at church. I don't use it to pray before a competition. I'll just pray normally to myself, but I have it there in case.
Most athletes get intimidated once they see how many fans are out there, but it almost calms me down in a way because I think of it as a fun way to show off what I've been working on.
I take things one step at a time.
I was missing out on public school and going to the football games, prom or homecomings. But I've been to three World Championships... so I think it's like a win-win.
We strive for greatness.
I love a good Netflix binge!
I don't really think about the degree of difficulty or the possibility of making a mistake. I just try to relax and let my preparation and training take over.
If anybody has a bad day, they'll just come to my room because they know I'll bring out the positive in everything, or I'll make them laugh, or I'll be just crazy.
Father served in the Air Force for 22 years.
We all have skills, I guess.
If I won gold in 2016, I think it would change my life.
I didn't get the high school opportunity, but it always worked out.
When I was younger, I thought every kid was adopted because that's all I've known. I have everything I need, so I never felt the need to have answers for what happened.
My parents make sure we have everything we need so that we compete to the best of our abilities.
We go to church on Sunday and then have family dinner. My mom usually cooks, and most of the time, it's protein and something else. She will ask us kids what we want!
Every year, I think of Worlds as the big meet, but now, it's the Olympics. I'm blessed to even have the opportunity to think about it and work for it.
I would be like, 'Oh, my gosh, I wish I could go to prom.' But then I think, 'You know what? A lot of people can't say they've ever done what I do - they'll never have this opportunity.'
I'm always trying to push myself to the limit to see what I can do. It's my strong will that I've always had since I was a kid.
If they said, 'Do five pull-ups,' I would always want to do 10.
So far, my goals stops at making an Olympic team, and then if that happens, then I'll jot down more goals.
I feel like I'm small and mighty and pack a powerful punch, just like Tide PODS.
Growing up, it was kind of a struggle being small, since everyone would make fun of you - except for when it came to hide and seek: that's the only advantage I ever had!
It's amazing that I can inspire little kids to know that you can be short or tall, and your body type doesn't matter because you can do anything.
I didn't really ever dream of going to the Olympics until after 2012.
As a kid growing up, I was never like, 'I want to go to the Olympics,' so having to pass on 2012 because I was too young didn't bother me at all.
If I disappoint someone, it's their loss for putting that expectation on me when they don't know me. I can't control what they want.
I feel like it's harder because everyone knows I'm the three-time world champion - it's almost like people are waiting for something bad to happen.
My first experience with gymnastics was when I was in daycare. We took a field trip to a gym, and I was hooked.
Gymnastics is just one part of my life, and I'm having as much fun with it as possible.
At some point, I'll have to go get a real job.
I love competing.
I think I'm teaching my teammates that they can still be successful while having fun and enjoying the moment rather than being a stone cold brick.
That's what I love about how diverse our team is - we have such different body types, yet together, we build the best team there is. I think we're stronger together than individually.
In the morning, I usually get up between 7:40 A.M. and 7:45 A.M., and then I'll brush my teeth, do my hair, and just throw on my leotard and my clothes and go to the kitchen.
I make breakfast, which is usually Kellogg's Red Berries or egg whites, and then I go to the gym that's only 10 minutes away.
I have practice from 9 A.M. to 12 P.M., and then I drive home and eat lunch, which is either chicken or fish so I get the protein.
It doesn't even matter if I don't win a self-gold - after every meet, I have pizza. Pepperoni pizza.
You can still be very good at what you do and have fun.
You don't have to be serious all the time to do a good job.
We've always had each other's backs in and out of competition. We support each other the most because we're the only ones that know what it's like to go through what we do, and so we can't be more thankful for each other. We're like sisters.
I just keep surprising myself, I guess.
Most of our fans don't get to interact with us or know our personalities except through social media.
As athletes, we're always going to have aches and pains, but when your teammates cheer you on, you don't think about it.
One of my favourite things to do is compete for a crowd. It's just really fun for me.
Everything is possible at any one competition.
I'm thrilled that I was able to share my first Olympic Games experience with my U.S. teammates.
The support down here in Rio has been amazing - between my family, Team U.S.A. and Team Kellogg's, I've felt so much love. This whole experience has been a dream come true.
I spend a lot of time in the gym training, and Core Power is a great fit for my nutritional needs.
I'm not a celebrity. I'm just the same Simone. I just have two Olympic Gold medals now.
There are goals that I have, and then I dream of it, and then I make it a reality. If I could crawl out of my skin and see it, it would be really amazing.
