American,Businessman
I'm a Leninist. Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that's my goal, too. I want to bring everything crashing down and destroy all of today's establishment.
Darkness is good. Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power.
If you stay true to yourself and true to your vision and your own values, you can power through and make an impact on modern life.
This country is in a crisis. And if you're fighting to save this country, if you're fighting to take this country back, it's not going to be sunshine and patriots. It's going to be people who want to fight. I mean, Andrew Breitbart was all about the fight.
An elite is someone who's for themselves and not for the country.
There is a growing global anti-establishment revolt against the permanent political class at home and the global elites that influence them, which impacts everyone from Lubbock, Texas, to London, England.
The baby boomers are the most spoiled, most self-centered, most narcissistic generation the country's ever produced.
Critics say that Fox News leans right, but the truth is, it's more centrist - it just looks right-wing in comparison to the other news outlets.
The Clinton strength was to play to people without a college education. High school people. That's how you win elections.
The media has zero integrity, zero intelligence, and no hard work. You're the opposition party. Not the Democratic Party. You're the opposition party. The media's the opposition party.
I think strong countries and strong nationalist movements in countries make strong neighbors. And that is really the building blocks that built Western Europe and the United States, and I think it's what can see us forward.
Trump is a product of a seething populism and nationalism that is the driving political force.
The Tea Party in the United States' biggest fight is with the Republican establishment, which is really a collection of crony capitalists that feel that they have a different set of rules of how they're going to comport themselves and how they're going to run things.
That's one of the unintended consequences of the women's liberation movement - that, in fact, the women that would lead this country would be feminine, they would be pro-family, they would have husbands, they would love their children.
As the Executive Chairman of 'Breitbart News' with a long run in business and finance, I can tell you, it's hard to run a company that is infinitesimally smaller than Fox; it takes a steady and experienced hand.
It was pretty evident, I think, the direction the country was going, and that's why I think Donald Trump offered such a clear alternative to that from Hillary Clinton.
Islam is not a religion of peace. Islam is a religion of submission. Islam means submit.
I come from a blue-collar, Irish Catholic, pro-Kennedy, pro-union family of Democrats.
It's a very unpleasant topic. But we are in an outright war against jihadist Islamic fascism. And this war is, is, I think, metastasizing, almost far quicker than governments can handle it... We have Boko Haram and other groups that will eventually partner with ISIS in this global war.
Facts get shares; opinions get shrugs.
Remember Circuit City? Bear Stearns? Lehman Brothers? Sports Authority? Once, all were billion-dollar companies - then gone in a moment. The fatal problem might be fraud or corruption, but more often, it's simply that management didn't see 'over the other side of the hill.'
I could not think higher of Governor Palin. She is a force of nature and has inspired a generation of women to really get actively involved in politics and, more importantly, take their culture back and take their country back.
I turned on Wall Street for the same reason everybody else did: The American taxpayer was forced to cut mook deals to bail out guys who didn't deserve it.
We don't believe there is a functional conservative party in this country, and we certainly don't think the Republican Party is that.
What you realize hanging out with investigative reporters is that, while they may be personally liberal, they don't let that get in the way of a good story.
What I find shocking is that there's this thought process that Hillary Clinton is going to be president of the United States, and to even think of Donald Trump is a joke.
I think that Putin and his cronies are really a kleptocracy, that are really an imperialist power that want to expand.
What the media misses is the amount of anger that's out there. Trump didn't create that.
There is voter fraud. I know there is voter fraud.
I think the discussion of, you know, can we put a cap on wealth creation and distribution - it's something that should be at the heart of every Christian that is a capitalist. Is, what is the purpose I'm doing with this wealth?
I've studied documentarians extensively to come up with my own in-house style. I'm a student of Michael Moore's films, of Eisenstein, Riefenstahl. Leave the politics aside, you have to learn from those past masters on how they were trying to communicate their ideas.
Technology not only allows grassroots conservatives like Palin to get their message across without the mainstream media's filter and become a 'force multiplier,' it also helps them topple candidates financially backed by the establishment.
The American television industry is a Darwinian environment where success is usually measured in inches, not yards. That is, for most TV media, audiences have gotten so small that one measures 'victories' in tenths of a point - as in, a 2.2 percent share is a great leap over a 2.1 percent share.
