American,Actor
I'm just the messenger here. I'm just another representative of my faith, so to speak.
I learned in an extremely hard way that the accountability falls with me.
My point is simply this: I believe I have a calling. Do you know what that calling is? To stand up in a new and hard core, radical way for the Lord. In the process, if I insult a couple of people, if I offend a couple of people, and if I got to shake it up a little bit, as long as it is led by the Holy Spirit, amen.
I believe I have a calling. Do you know what that calling is? To stand up in a new and hard core, radical way for the Lord. In the process, if I insult a couple of people, if I offend a couple of people, and if I got to shake it up a little bit, as long as it is led by the Holy Spirit, amen.
Demons manifest themselves in people in different ways. For instance, out of nowhere, somebody can become very angry for no reason. That's not just an emotion. That's a demon.
Evolution isn't true, because if we evolved from monkeys, how can they still be here?
I am living and having supernatural experiences. A lot of people get really freaked out about that. I speak in tongues; I've been baptized in the Holy Spirit.
I'm excited to create more awareness about the importance of giving the youth of America a choice. There's a 24-hour music channel. There's a 24-hour comedy channel. I believe there's a 24-hour gay channel coming. Why isn't there a 24-hour Christian channel that's edgy and hip and cool and new and different, like all that other stuff?
I'm very focused on the world and my career and my Porsche turbo and making money and Stevie B. Inc. I'm just living according to the standards of the world.
You gotta love these Christians, they're humble people.
I've never really been the type of person who worries much about what people think of me.
I was always a God guy.
I think it's really terrifying that a country based on the foundations and ideals of God, is now systematically removing God from everything. Everything!
I'm not going to fight in the physical with physical weapons, because it's not a physical fight. I'm going to fight with spiritual weapons, cause it's a spiritual fight.
Jesus isn't a logo, I'm not promoting some company, some brand. I'm just professing my faith.
I almost died, secretly, behind closed doors.
Don't get me wrong, there are sometimes if I go and see a really funny comedy, that I wished I had smoked a joint. I'll be honest with you. That's the truth.
I'm a Jewish born-again Christian.
The word of God - what does it say about what his place is going to be in the Kingdom? Think about it.
What is happening within Christianity is that it doesn't know it needs to promote itself.
I've been to MTV and all of that worldly stuff. It's death. It's meaningless.
I don't care what reviewers think. If somebody hates a performance of mine, I kind of get a kick out of it. It amuses me when critics take something so irrelevant as a movie so seriously.
Getting movies made is not as difficult as people think. Making movies is easy. You get a script, you get a director, you raise the money, you make the movie.
Praise the Lord, but do me a favor, don't ever say 'Stephen Baldwin' and 'ministry' in the same sentence.
Life is such a precious gift. Whatever life throws at us, if we could just learn to get through that day and hang on to the next, you never know what may come. It may get worse, but you never know.
There's been moments of depression in my life, moments when I was in situations that I thought I wouldn't be able to get out of.
I don't think Warren Buffett should be the treasurer or whatever. Warren Buffett's nuts! Just because he's a freaking billionaire doesn't mean he has common sense.
I've run my mouth pretty good about my beliefs.
Scientology is much more accepted in Hollywood than Jesus.
My life is God's life in me for Him to do with what He wants.
Loving Jesus is what's most important to me. I know it sounds hokey, but it's the truth.
