American,Athlete
It doesn't matter where you come from, what you have or don't have, what you lack, or what you have too much of. But all you need to have is faith in God, an undying passion for what you do and what you choose to do in this life, and a relentless drive and the will to do whatever it takes to be successful in whatever you put your mind to.
I've always believed that success for anyone is all about drive, dedication, and desire, but for me, it's also been about confidence and faith.
I want to thank God, obviously for the health, for the talent He's given me, for my family who supports me, for the things that basketball's taught me on and off the court. For the people that I've been able to meet through the game of basketball.
Drinking water is essential to a healthy lifestyle.
Honestly, I could care less about other people's opinions about me.
To excel at the highest level - or any level, really - you need to believe in yourself, and hands down, one of the biggest contributors to my self-confidence has been private coaching.
I try to make it look easy, but the behind-the-scenes stuff is the challenge.
I like that Brita makes tap water taste good, so you don't need to spend money or waste plastic with bottled water.
We're going to have to work. We're going to have to play well. Nothing will be given to us.
Someone did a graphic of me in my jersey, and Jordan, they dubbed him guarding me, and Kanye's face was on both of us. That's my favorite meme of all time - or so far to-date. I'm gonna have to get that blown up on my wall or something.
I can't jump the highest. I'm obviously not the biggest, not the strongest.
I wasn't going to shy away from getting married when I did and having a baby young and starting a family, even with the job that I chose.
Sometimes people make it seem like you have to have certain prerequisites or a crazy life story in order to be successful in this world. But the truth is you really don't.
I think about the milestones from my childhood and what it will be like to watch our kids go through them. Taking Riley to her first day of school was a whirlwind. I can't imagine what middle school is going to be like, and high school, and graduation.
I always have an optimistic view, no matter what it is.
Basketball is booming, and it's not just an Under Armour standpoint: it's about the game itself. Kids going out and playing and being inspired by what we do on the court.
Whatever that means, however you got on that mountain, why not try to climb it? And do it in your own way.
The more minutes you play and the more grind and physical play you endure through the course of a season, you have to re-charge and get your body right for the next season. Be in that weight room and conditioning and that kind of deal.
I'm just blessed, man, to be able to represent solidarity with the small schools I went to.
On the court, I want to try and get to the free-throw line a little more. And as a point guard, you can always get better at your decision-making and limiting your mistakes.
To be able to finish opportunities that I do get in the paint, that makes a difference.
I don't like people looking at someone else's image.
It's really annoying for me. That's not what I'm playing for, to be the face of the NBA or to be this or that or to take LeBron's throne or whatever.
Everybody asks if putting is like shooting free throws. It has a very similar kind of mindset. And it's just you, the ball, and the target.
The last game I played in college was in the NIT against St. Mary's. That was the first time I had come to the Oakland area. So, the last game I played in college and the first game of my NBA career were out here in the Bay Area. It's pretty cool.
My parents had us in church every Sunday, every Wednesday. It was more of a tradition at that point; I didn't have a personal relationship with the Lord until I went to the altar call one Sunday, and the youth pastor told us to make a decision for ourselves.
We have a great group of guys that really sacrifice every night, care about each other, and try to play the right away.
That summer after the draft was probably the most fun I've ever had, because all I had to do every day was wake up and go work out for four or five hours. I got to play some golf, which I love to do, too, and then got to hang out with my family.
I just feel so much more comfortable and confident every game I play.
It's crazy how fast you get out of shape if you miss a couple days of action.
Your touch and your feel for the game is pretty much gone if you don't work on it - at least get some shots up or dribble the ball.
Once it gets down to single-digit games, you know the season's end is approaching, and we're all pretty physically tired.
If you can't move and talk to people that you see, it's not really my scene.
Most home teams have chapels, so when I'm on the road I'll probably go to their services.
I am pretty chill before games. Have a go-to routine that keeps me busy until we are ready to take the court so I'm not just sitting around anxious for the game.
I am not a BART regular but have taken it probably five times to and from the city with some of my teammates. Nice to just hop on the train and enjoy some of the views of the Bay Area while I'm out.
Recently partnered with Express Men as a brand ambassador, so my closet is full of the new fashion trends and styles that keep me fresh for games.
Steak and Shake in Indianapolis is definitely the first stop when we hit that city.
All of us are in the same place, each with our own rooms, and we were allowed to do whatever we wanted. Which is totally different than college, where they manage your schedule for you. In the NBA, you're on your own.
Back in Oakland, we have a lot of food in the locker room, but on the road, it's mostly just fruit. So we have to prepare differently. But really, once you get to the gym, everything on the road is pretty much the same.
I had talked to a lot of people in Golden State's front offices before the draft. They said they liked me, but they had a lot of guards, so I didn't think that I would end up there.
Right after the draft, when I came out to Oakland, there was a press conference and a dinner with the owner, GM, and Coach Nelson. We did some sightseeing and some house searching the next day, but to be honest, I had no idea what I was doing. I tried to find a spot close to our gym, because I figured that's where I'd spend most of my time.
When I moved out, my mom and dad came to help me get settled into my apartment - a place I ultimately got hooked up with in Coach Nelson's building. We had to figure out how to get all my shoes over here. That was a little stressful.
With the NBA's dress code, I had to revamp my wardrobe a little bit. They call it 'business casual.' You have to wear dress jeans or dress slacks, with a collared shirt or sweater. And you can't wear athletic shoes.
In college, a loss is pretty devastating. That feeling kind of goes away in an 82-game season. You hate to lose, but you also have a lot more games to make up for it.
I have allergies, and I've had my share of nosebleeds, but that's usually related to pollen.
With all the travel we're doing to cold-weather cities, your mind definitely starts to wander. It gets you away from the game. Even when you arrive in a city, you're tempted to just sit in your hotel and rest. Sometimes it's nice to just get out and walk around, to see what's there.
We knew sports was important to us and our family, but there are priorities in life.Obviously, faith is foremost; how we did in school is important. If we didn't handle that business then there were no privileges.
There are so many things we have to overcome in this life with Jesus, His work on the cross. He's paid the ultimate price for us, so I'm proud to be a child of God.
I've been blessed in that regard through and through. So I'm just thankful for this opportunity to play the game that I love and share that with the world.
A wet spot on the floor kind of put a scare in myself, so you never know inside those lines what might happen.
I'm blessed to have such a tight-knit family that we can talk about anything. Whether we talk frequently or not, since we're on separate ends of the country, there are a lot of moving parts, and we always stay tight and find that center ground that keeps us together.
I want people to understand they have to live their own lives the way they want to and not just do what we do.
We're not going to go 82-0 and blow everybody out. We are going to be challenged.
Most of the stuff I try in a game, in the moment, I have supreme confidence I'm going to execute it.
I've taken countless shots in my life, so you know the ones when you're in rhythm, with a perfect release, and it's on track, that it's going in.
FaceTime helps me a lot. I feel like I'm at home even though I'm not.
I expected to be a pretty good NBA point guard and hopefully win a championship. But MVP and all this stuff? Not really.
I never looked at my mantel and envisioned an MVP trophy sitting there. This is pretty crazy.
I'm very active on social media and see the huge impact it has on engaging with fans and being able to have a voice.
I have fun out there on the court, smiling, laughing, trying to have good demeanor.
Some of the stuff I do on the court is what most people think they can do.
Shooting the ball is a part of the game. Everybody can shoot in their own way. Not everybody can make. But everybody can shoot.
The way I try to represent my family and coaches, I think all are characteristics the league aspires to portray. That's just who I am.
There's a reason that I have confidence out there, and it's about how I prepare for games and for series and seasons and whatnot, so we've got to stick with that kind of thought process.
I won't have to do any major changes to continue my career a long way, hopefully. Just hopefully stay healthy and be able to help a team out as I go through and still play at a pretty high level.
I shoot the ball so well that sometimes you fall in love with it and think it'll get you out of certain situations.
Obviously everybody, if you're playing in the league, you've got to have somewhat of an ego about how you play the game.
A lot of guys are able to separate how they act off the court versus how they act on the court.
I hope to play until I'm, like, 38 or something, and that's a lot of years in the game and a lot of travel and a lot of sacrifice on my family's part.
Hopefully I won't be the last big splash at Under Armour.
To win MVP was a dream come true for sure, but there are guys who have done this multiple times.
I struggle off the tee. If I can hit my driver straight, then I'm usually playing well.
