American,Politician
Yes, guns are to men what jewelry is to women!
The current practice of extending U.S. citizenship to hundreds of thousands of 'anchor babies' must end because it creates a magnet for illegal immigration into our country. Now is the time to ensure that the laws in this country do not encourage law-breaking.
All Americans have a sacred duty to guarantee Social Security benefits to our nation's senior citizens.
Obamacare has got to go.
We've got to stand up at some point and say, 'We are not gonna pay slavery reparations in the United States Congress.' That war's been fought. That was over a century ago. That debt was paid for in blood, and it was paid for in the blood of a lot of Yankees, especially. And there's no reparations for the blood that paid for the sin of slavery.
Western civilization is the most successful civilization the world has ever seen. And some of the reasons for that is it's borrowed from other cultures along the way, back to Mosaic law, the Greek age of reason, Roman law and the Roman order of government, and the Republican form of government, by the way that we're guaranteed in our constitution.
I'm more the conscience of the conservative than I am someone looking for consensus.
But we need to quit taxing people upon death. No taxation without respiration.
We should recognize that on the day that we are born, our glass is half full. In America your chance to fill your glass the rest of the way up is greater than it is anyplace else on this planet.
Our Founding Fathers crafted a constitutional Republic for the first time in the history of the world because they were shaping a form of government that would not have the failures of a democracy in it, but had the representation of democracy in it.
That's the key: get the constitution in place. Get rule of law in place, capital will come, electricity will follow.
The solution really has to lie within the Iraqi people.
I created jobs and saved the taxpayers money on every road I built.
In Iowa, we take care of people. That's all I think I need to say.
Equal justice under the law, even if it's your mother. That was a point of admiration in our household. It was drilled into me.
Rewarding law breakers produces more law breakers.
We've heard some things from Pope Francis that are not fully supportive of free enterprise capitalism. That should be a problem from an American perspective.
Of course I would disagree that there's a definitive science that has concluded that mankind has turned the earth's thermostat up and that we can turn the earth's thermostat down at will, we just haven't yet found the will. That's the argument on climate change.
My faith, and especially my faith as a Catholic, does inform me and does guide me.
I've noticed that some Democrats, who seldom mention their faith or maybe never mention their faith, will seize on to a phrase that Pope Francis may have said, and they want to attach themselves to that agenda. Political opportunists is what they are.
The idea of multiculturalism, that every culture is equal - that's not objectively true.
Our focus on melanin and people's skins - can't we talk about the diversity of ideology? Can't we look at people for their minds and what they can contribute? And I'd like to see us go more toward a respect for people's ability to contribute, and I actually want to get to a society where we disregard race.
I believe Ted Cruz is the candidate that's the answer to my prayers. A candidate whom God will use to restore the soul of America.
This bill, this badly named ENLIST Act, would put out the advertisement that says, 'Sneak into America. Sneak into the military, and that's going to be the most expeditious path to American citizenship and the whole smorgasbord of benefits that come from American citizenship.'
Citizenship must be precious, not handed out like candy in a parade. We don't ride along and throw out citizenship like you do M&M's or Tootsie Rolls or whatever it is we're tossing out in our parades.
Some want to rebrand the GOP, but they will never rebrand conservatives.
