American,Actor
There's a certain type of character that you can't help but come in contact with growing up and living in Brooklyn and Long Island. A certain mixture of moxie, heart, and a wise guy sense of humor.
The trend now is to shoot in Canada because it's cheaper, and they don't care what the location is.
Every day's an adventure when I step out of my door. That's why I usually wear a hat and keep my head low.
What was frustrating about Armageddon was the time I spent not doing anything. It was a big special effects film, and I wasn't crazy about pretending I was in outer space. It feels ridiculous.
I like the struggles that people have, people who are feeling like they don't fit into society, because I still sort of feel that way.
Growing up, yeah, I had a magic kit with learn tricks and learn card tricks, but I was never... I used to watch whatever magic special was on as a kid, but then, it's not that I lost interest, but to be a magician, you really, it's really hard work. Learning lines is hard enough; learning sleight of hand, that's real practice.
I'm terrible at story and structure, but I'm not so bad at writing dialogue.
I'm not so in a rush to direct just anything because I'm lucky that I can make a living so far as an actor and not have to worry about that as a director. And so I can be a little more choosy in things I direct.
My favorite review described me as the cinematic equivalent of junk mail. I don't know what that means, but it sounds like a dig.
I was going to buy a van and move to LA so I could secretly pursue acting without any of my friends knowing.
In the beginning, it wasn't even a question of deciding I'm going to do independent film and not commercial films - I wasn't being offered any commercial films, and there wasn't an independent scene.
I did stand-up. I loved George Carlin and Steve Martin.
My greatest hope was to get discovered as a comedian and get on a sitcom.
I didn't really like the aloneness of doing stand-up.
My real training as an actor was when I started doing theatre.
The director I had most involvement with was Alex Rockwell. He gave me a lot of responsibility as an actor.
It doesn't matter what part I play, I try and commit myself 100 percent.
It doesn't matter so much where the material comes from, as long as it's good.
Directing television is really hard - it's so fast. You shoot an hour show in seven days.
All these directors, and I would include the Coen brothers and Quentin, have a very unique vision of what they want. They listen to ideas and make people feel like everyone is making the film.
When I was in pre-production for Trees Lounge, I was hearing the cinematographer talking with the production designer about colours and this and that, and feeling like I was losing control.
Communication is the key, and it's one thing I had to learn-to talk to the actors. I was so involved with the visual and technical aspects that I would forget about the actors.
It wasn't until my senior year in high school that I started acting.
I didn't think I'd ever be able to do movies. That was for serious actors.
I think all comics borrow from each other. Only a few have an original voice, and I wasn't one of them. In the end, I couldn't figure out who to steal from, so I stopped doing it.
Anything you write, even if you have to start over, is valuable. I let the story write itself through the characters.
I've always tried to have a healthy take on the characters I play; they are only characters I play.
When I moved to the East Village in the late seventies, I wanted to be a street performer, so I practiced daily. I never did work up the skills or the courage to perform on the street, though.
I don't think about the characters I choose to play, analytically or consciously.
I read the script and decide if a particular character looks fun to play. I look for complexity and a sense of humor. Those are crucial, real things to life.
I like telling stories about people with problems. I can't really put it much simpler than that.
Relationships are interesting to me. Not just between men and women, but fathers and sons, brothers and sisters and friends.
Whenever you do something that is in a continuous take, and something that we're not used to doing, because it was all in the details of if you don't make one move seem natural, it can give away all of it.
I'm always looking for other interesting films to either act in or direct.
I've always been interested in character-driven pieces, and my approach to directing is through acting.
I never had any master plan about directing, and I don't really write.
Casting is everything. Getting the person that you imagined is this character and then seeing what they bring to it.
Character actors just pile up the credits because you work on a movie for, like, a few days. It's not like I'm the lead in everything I do - far from it. I'm not spending three or four months on a picture; I'm spending three or four weeks. Sometimes three or four days.
I don't think it's necessary to be an actor to get great performances out of an actor. But I do think it helps me as a director because I know what I like as an actor, and I try to get that to the actors who I'm working with.
I think it's important to create an atmosphere where actors feel like they can try things out. It doesn't mean that I'll take every suggestion, but I want there to be some room for actors to grow.
I've certainly worked with really great directors who haven't acted.
To me, score is really important. I would rather not have any score if it's something that's going to detract from the film. So often when I watch films, the score is what really bothers me.
To me, it doesn't really matter how big the part is as long as the part is important to the story.
I just like playing interesting, complex, complicated characters. I like films that also have an element of humor.
All the roles I play, I don't see any of my roles in films that they're typically leading men.
I love working with Scorsese. He's not only a brilliant director and is great working with actors, but he's also a walking human film encyclopedia. It's fun to talk about movies with him.
It's not like I'm looking for things that I can direct that I can also act in, but when it's right, I feel like the actor side of me wants to have that opportunity.
By nature, I think I am a pretty private person, and that is what is hard even doing interviews for films that I really love doing, because in some ways, it diminishes the experience that I had.
Shooting in sequence, I think it intensifies everybody's relationship, the crew, the actors. You have to be very focused, and shooting at night is a challenge because you get tired. I think it requires a special kind of concentration, but it's also exhilarating.
