American,Musician
Bamboo is not a weed, it's a flowering plant. Bamboo is a magnificent plant.
I think it is in collaboration that the nature of art is revealed.
Jazz is like wine. When it is new, it is only for the experts, but when it gets older, everybody wants it.
I still love the whole history of jazz. The old things sound better than ever.
The saxophone is a very interesting machine, but I'm more interested in music.
I heard Sidney Bechet play a Duke Ellington piece and fell in love with the soprano saxophone.
Saxophone is one thing, and music is another.
I wanted to be a pianist but it just wasn't my thing. I guess I wanted to stand up rather than sit down.
When I came up, it was all about originality and collective research. There is an awful lot of imitation going on now.
You can work on the saxophone alone, but ultimately you must perform with others.
Before the work comes to you, you have to invent work.
Circumstances can be very important. Find the right people to work with.
I fell in love with jazz when I was 12 years old from listening to Duke Ellington and hearing a lot of jazz in New York on the radio.
I started in New Orleans music and played all through the history of jazz.
I was spoiled by Monk's music because it was so good, so complete.
I've always been extremely lucky in playing with great people who knew much more than I did. That's how I got from there to here.
I've been working on the soprano saxophone for 40 years, and the possibilities are astounding. It's up to you, the only limit is the imagination.
I've performed solo for 20 years now, but I don't do much of it, because if you only play alone, you go crazy and out of tune and play foolish music.
If you have music you want to play that no one asks you to play, you have to go out and find where you can play it. It's called do or die.
If you listen to Louis Armstrong from 1929, you will never hear anything better than that really, and you will never hear anything more free than that.
If you're trying to invent something new, you're going to reach a lot of discouraging points, and most people give up.
It starts with a single sound. If there's something in that sound, then it's worth continuing.
It's very important to go through periods where you sound just rotten and you know it, and you have to persevere or give up.
Jazz is people's music, a collectivity.
Kenny G, I have to be grateful to him for proving that the instrument can be played all different kinds of ways.
Nobody was playing the soprano saxophone and certainly nobody was trying to do anything with it. So I was all alone. I didn't know that at first.
