American,Musician
Band members have a special bond. A great band is more than just some people working together. It's like a highly specialized army unit, or a winning sports team. A unique combination of elements that becomes stronger together than apart.
As most of the population suffers through life, barely surviving, disappointed and confused day after day, hopeless, wondering what happened to their strong and beautiful country, it is in the media's power to restore, if not some of our quality of life, at least a bit of our peace of mind.
Rock n' roll is our religion, and we will continue to lose disciples as we go, but we pick up the fallen flag and keep moving forward, bringing forth the good news that our heroes have helped create, their bodies lost, but their spirits and their good work everlasting.
I was a gambler when I was a kid, so when we got to Las Vegas, it was like Mecca.
Half of the modern world goes back as far as Pearl Jam. The real historians go back to U2. But they need to go back further. They have to go back to the '50s and '60s, where things started. That's how you get to be your own personality, by studying the masters. Rock and roll was white kids trying to make black music and failing, gloriously!
Timing really is nearly everything. And what it isn't, circumstance makes up for.
The first rule of rock and roll is it's all about live. Then you have to learn a second craft, which is making records. It should go in that order.
You want everybody to like your work, but when you look at what's fashionable or trendy, it's pretty obvious that I don't exactly fit.
First of all, just because the Tea Party people appear to be generally uneducated, ignorant about the political process, ignorant about economics, confused about their own platform from the beginning, and indelicate when it comes to the craft of diplomacy, doesn't mean they're wrong.
Netflix completely shook up the world.
The River,' to me, meant 43 songs.
I had the wonderful good luck of having Jimmy Gandolfini as my mentor and David Chase as my godfather, two of the most talented guys in the history of television.
Boycotts are not something to be taken lightly.
C-17s should be ready to go at various military bases around the world packed with water, food, medical supplies, sleeping bags and tents, all prepared to be air dropped in alongside soldiers and doctors to begin relief efforts.
There are... certainly more innovations on 'Revolver'... but the truth of the matter is 'Sgt. Pepper' has something that was just completely different and unique at that moment.
For me, making a record is a vacation. I'd like to do it more often. Just, chances are impossible... It's a very expensive hobby, you know?
I tell everybody, if you've got a band that works, it's a miracle. It's never going to be perfect, but if it works on some level, hold on to it with both hands and don't ever let it go.
They legislate fatherhood in Norway. It's not an option. That's a shocking thing to us in America.
I'll never understand why people somehow support pollution. It's completely irrational, and I don't get it. Somewhere along the line, they bought into this fiction that one has to choose between the environment and business, which is just a complete falsehood and absurd.
The Rascals are something else. They're up there with the Beatles, and Stones and Byrds. That level of musicality. They have a real chemistry. It is like magic.
Like most people, I've always felt using words like 'best' when applied to art is a fun way for critics to stay busy at the end of the year, and I guess a good way to help get ratings for awards shows, which is fine.
There is an established tradition of actors directing films that have a particular, personal meaning for them - Warren Beatty, Clint Eastwood, Kevin Costner, and most recently George Clooney to name a few. Remarkably, their films share an unusually high percentage of being very good.
I was obsessed with politics in the '80s. I've recovered and I'm feeling much better now, thank you.
The simple fact is we do not live in a democracy. Certainly not the kind our Founding Fathers intended. We live in a corporate dictatorship represented by, and beholden to, no single human being you can reason with or hold responsible for anything.
You think your congressman is working all day to get you a job? He may want to. He or she is probably not a bad person. They probably want to do the right thing. But they can't.
What the world needs is an Emergency Boss. An Emergency Czar. An Emergency Commander. A true Master Of Disaster. One person completely responsible for the anticipation, immediate reconnaissance, and urgent execution of rescue and relief efforts around the world.
I need a big picture. I can't just do a collection of songs; that doesn't work for me.
I don't wake up every day and just write to write. I only write with purpose.
I didn't care about anything expect rock & roll. So it's nice that it turned out to be something that you find a way to make a living from.
I did 10 years on 'Sopranos,' but the whole craft of acting is relatively new to me. I'm still learning that, and I'll be learning that forever.
As an actor just learning the craft, you literally do a scene with Jimmy Gandolfini, and you walk away a better actor.
'Sopranos' was a fascinating moment, just catching our whole culture by surprise, a fun ride to be on while I'm learning the craft.
I am Italian. Springsteen's mostly Italian, too. We're both Italians with Dutch names, one of the many things we have in common.
My mother remarried when I was young, and my stepfather adopted me.
I met all my heroes on the oldies circuit: Gary U.S. Bonds, Lloyd Price, Little Richard.
To walk into a studio, for me, is just like walking onto a beach or something.
The only reason why I made solo records was because I got so obsessed with politics, and that is quite personal. I don't really philosophically believe in solo records.
I was deep into it - worldwide liberation politics as well as domestic - but by the end of the '80s, I had decided it all comes down to one single issue: campaign-finance elimination.
You ask people to fall in love with you. To need you. To want you. To buy your records and come see you. You have an emotional contract with people. To break up is to violate that contract.
It's so liberating to play a song in front of 50,000 people that you've never played before. Not something you played a long time ago and have forgotten: Never. Played. Before. There's something magical about it.
Bands should never break up.
Sometimes there's no qualitative difference between two-and-a-half and three-and-a-half hour shows. It's just a matter of how long you do it. It's not like the show must be three hours and 30 minutes to work. That's just not the case.
This conversation with the audience has been going on since, what, '72, '73... Sometimes it's like a conversation after dinner with friends. You're in a restaurant, and you got there at 8 o'clock. Suddenly, you realize it's midnight. Where did the time go? You're enjoying the conversation. It's sort of a natural, organic conversation.
I tried to get Primal Scream to come over to America several times.
Primal Scream could be the biggest band in the world. They are fantastic when they make rock records - once every 10 years.
Little Richard opens his mouth, and out comes liberation.
I learned everything I know from leaving the E Street Band. And of course, one of the things I learned is, I never should have left.
I believe that hundreds of years from now, history will be divided into pre-1960s and post-1960s.
Every successful person needs to have at least one person in their life who's not afraid of them.
I learned a lot from Bruce Springsteen and David Chase.
People want to learn how other people live. It's just human nature.
I think I'm one of the few people who have experienced New Jersey becoming fashionable twice in a lifetime.
Stevie Van Zandt could not walk on to a set and act. I don't know how actors do that! It's the scariest thing in the world.
Your celebrity capital rises and falls in any given year. And when you have some - temporarily, usually - you try to use it for some good.
The rock era, as I clock it, went from '65 to '94, from 'Like a Rolling Stone' to Kurt Cobain's death.
Garage rock is music for older people with young souls and young people with old souls. It's a certain sensibility, and you may have it when you're 17 or when you're 67.
Go out and support your local rock n' roll band.
Rock n' roll is a participatory sport.
It ain't passive. It ain't TV. Go out there and rock n' roll and dance and have fun.
Being a rock n' roll star ain't a part-time gig.
I've always had a reluctance to meet my heroes.
Politics, in general, when you're trying to change the world for the better in any kind of way, no matter how small or how big, it's inches.
I did nothing but international liberation politics for ten years, and usually it was like, you gain an inch, you lose a half an inch. It's slow going, man.
I tend to personally judge issue by issue rather than sort of endorsing this football-team mentality that we fall into in this country, where it's all about the team.
You're either on the Republican team or the Democratic team, and all that matters is that your team wins. Judging by history, regardless of which team wins, the people always lose.
I was 100 percent political in the '80s - the first time around, let's call it, my first life as an artist.
Believe me, if Donald Trump didn't have some point that he's making, hitting home with people, he could not have come this far - as much as a showman as he may be.
Let's not pretend we have too much of a democracy here, because we don't.
It's a challenge every year with a TV series. You want to keep evolving and keep it going. That's part of the fun.
I'm very, very proud to have been at what I feel are two of the pivotal moments in this whole new Golden Era of television - one being 'The Sopranos' with HBO and now with Netflix expanding that whole HBO concept to the world and making it more of a global thing. It's been wonderful to witness that from those two vantage points.
I was very lucky with 'The Sopranos.'
Part of the job of being a producer is the Vulcan mind meld, where you listen not to what they're saying but what they mean.
'Born to Run' was a mixture of things but mostly about youth and fantasies.
For me, it all comes down to one issue: if we can get money out of political systems, the whole world will change.
'Soulfire' is a collection of stuff I've done in the past. Each song is an element of who I am: There's a doo-wop song on the album; a blues song, R&B and some jazz. For people who are going to be hearing me for the first time, it's an introduction to who I am.
Little Steven - the songwriter, producer, and arranger - stayed alive doing the 'Lilyhammer' score. That pretty much took up three or four years of my life, and all of my musical energy went into that.
For those who are familiar with my work, 'Soulfire' is a return to how most people identify me, which is that soul-meets-rock thing.
Whatever I'm doing, I try and keep the quality very high.
Before Dylan, before rock became art, it was a wonderful fusion of pop structure and personal statements.
In 'The Sopranos,' these guys know their best years are behind them. They have nostalgia for their old traditions. In their minds, they're looking for a time when loyalty mattered, community mattered. E Street is about community, too. People are looking for something real.
When I was younger, I went through the windshield of a car ,and my hair didn't grow back right. I had been wearing scarves occasionally, and I decided that I didn't want to deal with wigs and things, so I just stumbled onto my thing.
My father was an ex-Marine Goldwater Republican.
