American,Politician
Plans to protect air and water, wilderness and wildlife are in fact plans to protect man.
Cherish sunsets, wild creatures and wild places. Have a love affair with the wonder and beauty of the earth.
The environmental effects of the automobile are well known: motor vehicles cause, for example, as much as 75 percent of the noise and 80 percent of the air pollution in our cities, and the industry must face mounting pressure from environmentalists.
There's not a single person in Arizona today who would say the Grand Canyon was a mistake.
The auto industry must acknowledge that a rational transportation policy should seek a balance between individual convenience, the efficient use of limited resources, and urban-living values that protect spaciousness, natural beauty, and human-scale mobility.
The most common trait of all primitive peoples is a reverence for the life-giving earth, and the Native American shared this elemental ethic: The land was alive to his loving touch, and he, its son, was brother to all creatures.
Mining is like a search-and-destroy mission.
If, in our haste to 'progress,' the economics of ecology are disregarded by citizens and policy makers alike, the result will be an ugly America. We cannot afford an America where expedience tramples upon esthetics and development decisions are made with an eye only on the present.
Over the long haul of life on this planet, it is the ecologists, and not the bookkeepers of business, who are the ultimate accountants.
In the first weeks after Hiroshima, extravagant statements by President Truman and other official spokesmen for the U.S. government transformed the inception of the atomic age into the most mythologized event in American history.
We have, I fear, confused power with greatness.
I don't remember a big fight between the Republicans and Democrats in the Nixon administration or President Gerald Ford and so on.
Washington's a cesspool of money.
Nixon was a good president on the environment. Gerald Ford was good.
The atomic weapons race and the secrecy surrounding it crushed American democracy. It induced us to conduct government according to lies. It distorted justice. It undermined American morality.
So many people of my generation who served in the government were prisoners of the Cold War culture, still are.
I'm trying to encourage my children's generation and the other ones coming to return to basic American principles.
Utah today remains a battleground for land-use policies.
It gives me satisfaction to help people.
I like the story about Henry David Thoreau, who, when he was on his death bed, his family sent for a minister. The minister said, 'Henry, have you made your peace with God?' Thoreau said, 'I didn't know we'd quarreled.'
Nuclear energy people perceive the greenhouse effect as a fresh wind blowing at their back.
I think the Colorado Plateau is the most scenic area in the world - let's begin with that. Not just the United States.
In a region with a growing population, if you're doing nothing, you're losing ground.
Wilderness, like the national park system, was an American idea.
One of the best things that came out of the Carter administration was the energy policy. The best things in it were renewable energy.
A limit on the automobile population of the United States would be the best of news for our cities. The end of automania would save open spaces, encourage wiser land use, and contribute greatly to ending suburban sprawl.
