American,Director
Every story needs an element of suspense - or it's lousy.
No country could claim to be civilized if its legal system weren't available to everyone in it.
I don't know what the creative process is. I don't know how to trick it into starting or how to egg it on.
Even if it's a thriller or a comedy, it's always a love story for me, and that's what I concentrate on, because the love stories are my surrogates for the argument: two people in conflict that see life differently.
It's when the lawyers themselves become bad guys that you begin to have a serious problem.
You can't stop traffic on Times Square.
The marketing of anything is full of exploitation and lies and hype.
Compliments aren't really a journalistic angle.
For example, a man who might not have enormous charisma, who could be president 40 years ago, and who was a deserving president, I don't know that George Washington would be a president today, I don't know that Abe Lincoln would, I don't know that Roosevelt would.
It's a terrible mistake when it gets to be a contest of egos. The actor is always going to win. If a director gets into a control situation and is overbearing, it's deadly.
This thing called chemistry, which I can't define and wouldn't know how to, either works or it doesn't. Sometimes a love story can involve very talented actors, but we are not invested emotionally in whether they end up together.
I really think that people never go wrong by telling the truth.
Every time I am directing, I question why in God's name I'm doing it again. It's like hitting yourself in the forehead with a hammer.
If I'm lucky, in my wildest dreams I can make a picture every three years.
When you're shooting a feature that costs $200,000 a day with a crew of 250, you don't want accidents; you want to know exactly what's going to happen. But with a documentary, you don't, so you have to be sensitive to accidents because that is where the gold is.
I remembered myself as an unpopular and rather sad kid.
I'd get bored if I... if I had to do a movie, and there was no love story in it, I would just be bored. I mean, I would do it, but it would be kind of boring.
The problem with filming something is that we struggle desperately to make three dimensions out of two dimensions. It can't be done.
There's nothing wrong with crooks having lawyers. Everyone is entitled to a lawyer.
In terms of level of difficulty, it would go comedy, thriller, and then romantic drama.
It's impossible for me to go into a room or look at a location without a part of my brain photographing it - picking the best angle or looking at the way the light hits.
It would be a great vacation to act in a movie if I weren't directing it. But to do it while you're directing interferes with your concentration, and I wouldn't do that again.
Beginnings and endings are not interesting; audiences want the high point, which means you've got to get to it and get to it now - get the gun out fast, the clothes off quick.
For reasons which I can't logically explain, in all of the films I've done, I've ended up doing love stories of one kind or another, and it seems to me that love stories are extremely dependent on the obstacles you can place between the lovers. There is no love story without it.
Well, I was born and raised in the Midwest, in Indiana specifically, and my childhood was full of weekend movies, you know, the Saturday and Sunday popcorn movies.
I didn't grow up thinking of movies as film, or art, but as movies, something to do on a Saturday afternoon.
I've produced my own films for twenty years now - it means I have to talk to less people.
If I want to make people moved or cry in a film, I figure out what the room looks like, what the people are wearing, what time of day it is, what the light is, how to photograph it, where to put the camera. It involves optics and costume design and set design and architecture.
What makes architecture extraordinary is that you're looking at the building, but your peripheral vision is also seeing how it fits within a space. And it's seeing more than one part of the building at one time.
The terrible tragedy for every director is to watch an actor do what you want and not have the camera rolling - and never get it back again. So I always try to roll the camera before anybody's really ready.
I've spent most of my life trying to make actors comfortable, which I think is 90 percent of getting a good performance.
I will not ever say that it's good to start with too little preparation, because that's patently not true. But I don't rehearse the way a lot of directors do, to stage a scene in terms of manners and attitudes and lock them in.
When you rehearse a play, you spend four weeks with one goal in mind - to wean the actor away from you. You want the actor to become completely independent and to understand all the emotional and psychological moves within the character.
There will be people who are sensitive about seeing the American point of view presented as less than sympathetic.
Stars are like thoroughbreds. Yes, it's a little more dangerous with them. They are more temperamental. You have to be careful because you can be thrown. But when they do what they do best - whatever it is that's made them a star - it's really exciting.
If you have a career like mine, which is so identified with Hollywood, with big studios and stars, you wonder if maybe you shouldn't go off and do what the world thinks of as more personal films with lesser-known people. But I think I've fooled everybody. I've made personal films all along. I just made them in another form.
I knew I wasn't going to be any great shakes as an actor - the way I looked, I would play the soda jerk or the friend of a friend.
I don't care much about acting.
You can't trust your memory. You change it to suit yourself.
South Bend is a nice town, but you know that phrase - 'I was homesick even when I was home.'
It doesn't matter what I'm doing - I wish it was something else. If I'm producing, I wish I was directing. If I'm directing, I wish I was doing almost anything else!
From almost the first time I stepped on a stage, I knew that was what I wanted to do.
I haven't broken any new ground in the form of a film.
I am not a visual innovator.
My strength is with actors. I think I'm good at working with them to get the best performances, at seeing what it is that they have and that the story needs.
The essence to me of all good drama is argument.
I'm 47 years old, and I have to accept the fact that I'm probably not going to set the world on fire... If I was going to do that, I would have done it by now.
When you first start out, you want to be Fellini, or you want to be Bergman.
I'm not a writer myself, so I'm forced to try to get what's a sort of an odour or a colour or something I feel in my head from a writer, and that's a... I don't have a recipe for that process. I don't know what it is... it's different every time.
We progress by leaps and bounds technologically, medically - we can live longer, we can... but you know, in the year 1230, they knew as much as we know now about the human heart.
I fly an aeroplane, and I think a lot about how much I do not want ever to run into an optimistic air traffic controller. I just don't. I want a guy down there who's just waiting for the worst crash possible and petrified that it's going to happen on his watch. And then I feel safe flying into his territory.
I'm as much a victim of the romantic myth of 'getting away' as anyone else. My head tells me it's myth, but I don't want to believe it is.
There are very few Westerns that have ever made really giant money.
If you list the qualities that we consider feminine, they are patience, understanding, empathy, supportiveness, a desire to nurture. Our culture tells us those are feminine traits, but they're really just human.
I am not a farceur. I am not Blake Edwards.
I do not have a good control of running sight gags. I laugh like hell when I see them, but I don't know how to invent those jokes.
I feel no terror when I'm acting. There's no tension. It's just a part.
I always go for the craft first because, to me, that's like an oil well - you either hit the oil or you don't.
By the time I'm done with a project, it's taken so long that I usually don't even like it anymore. I only see the things I wish I'd done differently.
I learned that creativity is all about being frustrated.
There isn't a studio in the world that wouldn't burn half its soundstages to get a Tom Cruise movie.
American movies are the most popular movies everywhere, and it is true that the quality is far from uniformly terrific.
It's hard for me to fall in love with a piece of material enough to want to direct it.
I like thrillers a lot. There's a lot of discipline connected to them. You can't be as freewheeling as you are with character pieces.
I don't particularly want to go to a film to make me think, though I want it to be about something.
I guess all my films are about resolving conflicts - and they're all love stories. If they weren't, I couldn't make them.
I love having made a movie.
Even with 'Three Days of the Condor,' I wanted to do a thriller. But I was still concentrating on the Faye Dunaway-Robert Redford relationship in that film.
Each time I make a movie, it's a little bit like taking another course in something because there's an argument between these people that I don't necessarily have an answer to.
I don't have a style. I've never thought of myself as a stylist like the visual stylists I admire enormously - Adrian Lyne, Ridley Scott, Alan Parker - in which every shot has a great idea in them.
I try not to get depressed about stuff I can't do anything about.
Even in 'Victor/Victoria,' there was talk about what it means to be a woman, what it means to be a man. You didn't get that in the old days, in 'Charley's Aunt' or 'Some Like It Hot.'
Before I saw 'Tootsie' with an audience, I thought, 'No one is going to believe this could convince anyone he's a woman.'
I do tend to wake up in the middle of the night convinced I've made a disaster.
I've always thought of Denys Finch Hatton as a combination of Hubbell Gardner from 'The Way We Were' and Jeremiah Johnson. He is this ultimate individualist.
Making a movie is a network of decisions that keep multiplying as you go. You leave a trail of decisions behind you, and that's how you start to see the shape of what you've done. When you get far enough, you turn around and say, 'Ha, that's the movie.' It's only then that you find out if it's going to work or not.
I am not a cult director at all. I make Hollywood movies.
I hate to say it as a pejorative term, but I work for the Hollywood system for the most part.
It's my job to motivate the audience to believe. I have to get them to suspend their judgment in favor of involvement.
Good actors aren't enough. You need charisma. Can you imagine 'Casablanca' without Bogart and Bergman?
When I work, I think mainly in terms of dramatic choices.
At every premiere, I stand in the back, I never sit, worrying. And then maybe I hear them laugh or whatever, and the muscles unclench a little. But always, I feel like it's a fluke, that I'll never be able to do it again.
I think a lot of creative people are uncomfortable with therapy. Because you're basically trying to 'solve' the unconscious. And the unconscious is where it all comes from.
There's no money in documentaries.
Like a lot of New Yorkers, I assumed that I knew all about the U.N. I was shocked to find out it's not like anything I had in mind. There are only six languages accepted there. It's considered international territory.
There aren't rules in a romance, so they can be played any number of ways.
Depicting a terrorist act in a film isn't going to incite terrorism.
I don't get nervous talking about my films, but if I'm the subject, it's hard.
You have to go by your instincts in casting.
I sort of straddle the line... between personal movies and mainstream Hollywood.
What's overwhelmingly clear is 'Havana' didn't work for people, but why it didn't work I don't feel I can put my finger on in a way I can learn from.
Everybody's trying to make blockbusters.
All the movies I've made are essentially character-driven movies about people that I'm interested in.
Kubrick and I were pretty good friends.
At some point during the filmmaking process, you lose objectivity, and you need the eyes of someone who understands the process and has been in the trenches.
You hope that the responsibility of making movies will fall into the hands of essentially moral people.
I do have a responsibility, but I would make the most boring films in the world if I woke up every morning worrying about my social responsibility.
You're fighting a losing battle if you expect the people who own the studios to make moral choices.
It was a different time in the 1970s. Movies didn't have to make as much money.
Audiences want to feel something intense, quickly, without wasting a lot of time.
I'm not going to pretend to know one more thing than I know.
People sense when you're pretending, when you're worried about your own ego.
People ask me over and over how is it that I work with stars. How do you work with Barbra Streisand, with Paul Newman, with Al Pacino, with Sally Field, Jane Fonda, you work with all these people. Isn't this a problem? And it isn't a problem at all. It's terrific. It's great fun. And I don't know what the answer is.
I learned everything, right or wrong, about honor and love, all those things, when I was a kid watching movies. I learned as much there as I did from my parents or my schooling or anything else.
