American,Actress
I think that it's the love of God that brings man into repentance. Once you embrace that love and have that fellowship with God, all those things that you shouldn't be doing will go away.
I'm a black woman who loves hair. I enjoy changing my hair, having fun with it - just hair! I go from braids, to weaves, to wigs, to natural hair.
My sisters are amazing. My sister is my business partner, my twin. She's an amazing producer, writer. You know, we're just grinding and trying to make my mother proud as well as God.
Acting changed my life. I say God and then acting. Because becoming an actor, I've gained a new respect for humanity. And I believe that it's also helped me to grow as a person. It's been one of the biggest blessings and expressions that I could have ever been gifted with.
There was a time when I just felt like a superwoman. I was like, 'I got Jesus! I ain't afraid!' But, the truth is, I want to do things right, and sometimes I am afraid that I'm not good enough or that I'm not going to handle something right.
I have been doing so much. Speaking engagements... producing... developing a half-hour sitcom... working on a movie... leading acting workshops all over the world... and hosting 'My Black Is Beautiful,' an empowerment TV show I'm doing on BET for women.
Angela Bassett is a friend of mine and someone who I truly admire tremendously in terms of her work and her choices.
I do what I believe the Lord did, and that is walk in love with all mankind, which I don't see a lot of Christians doing. Christians can be so judgmental that it can turn off people who are considering converting. It makes me a little embarrassed, to tell you the truth, when I hear Christians criticizing others.
I love Catherine Maladrino, Angela Dean and Nicole Miller. Catherine Maladrino designs that beautiful, high-class red carpet stuff. Nicole Miller makes beautiful dresses you can wear every day. And when you just want to go and shut it down, you turn to Angela Dean.
I felt bad to have to get divorced. I wasn't proud of that.
Everyone has something that they desperately need that makes them feel good, that they don't want anything to get in the way of. Whether it's a man's golf game, whether it's a woman's cooking. I have a friend who has to clean. She's addicted to cleaning.
We in this entertainment industry try to act like we're so super powerful. we're not being honest, because we're human, and in our humanity there's a little fear.
I would rather do surrogacy before adopting. If I can't do it, I'd rather find someone who would do it for me.
I was familiar with 'Addicted' for a long time, even prior to the movie, way before it got the greenlight. And when it finally got the greenlight, I was very happy to be a part of it.
I have never felt anchored when it comes to fashion. I've always had to depend on a stylist helping me to figure it out.
My husband taught me so much about being a father. No matter what any of our children do, my husband will always believe in them, love them and accept them.
No person is perfect. I haven't, thank God, had any infidelity issues. But you can't say what you won't ever do. And you can't say that you won't have forgiveness in your heart if there were to be an issue like that.
Anytime there's a God, there has to be a devil. And anytime there's good, there has to be evil. And the evil sometimes is the best!
Mr. Idris Elba is amazing! He happens to be British, but what's funny about him is that when he's speaking in his American dialect, he looks like he's a brother from the 'hood. But as soon as he brings out that English thing, I'm like, 'Woo! You look like you're from London. Oh my God!' It's like everything on him changes. He's so cool!
There is a restaurant in L.A. called Crustacean, which is very famous for its garlic crab. Well, I can make garlic crab better than Crustacean. My sauce is so good you'll want to dip your bread in it, put it on your egg omelet, in your cereal, and in everything else.
I'm a lot more introspective than one would believe.
There was definitely a time where I did not believe in the Lord. I needed to understand the love of God.
One day, my twin sister Sidra and I pranked Tyler Perry on the set of 'For Better or Worse.' I made her dress up as me and do a scene as if she were my character Angela. Tyler says, 'Action!' and my sister starts acting. It was horrible.
In real life, I swear by Edge Control by Olive Oil. My hairstylist hates it, but it's everything to me. And I mean everything! It's like a perm in a little jar of gel.
I'm addicted to 'Scandal.' Joe Morton is the devil, and I love him. I am addicted to 'Boardwalk Empire.' Jeffrey Wright is the devil, and I love him.
I actually think I need 'Homeland' rehab. And that Ray Donovan. I think I've watched every episode more than once. Liev Schreiber, Jeffrey Wright and Jon Voight have made me fall in love with acting again.
