American,Author
Sometimes you will think you can't take it another day. But if you hang in there, one step at a time, you will be able to accomplish more than you ever imagine.
The body is the one thing you have to say goodbye to. You can hold on to your memories. You can hold on to the spirit. That's part of the package that you love and the part that comforts you.
I feel like freedom of speech is one of the great things in this country and the freedom to do what you feel is right.
I'd realize it's not worth our time to worry. You do your best, and God will put the right people in your path.
Every single person suffers; every marriage has some major battles. Life pulls you in different directions. But if you try, and you're lucky, you can find your way back to each other.
The only way to defeat evil is by taking advantage of our freedoms.
I'm extremely grateful to all the first responders, veterans and their families for all their sacrifices.
I have learned in my life that my plans don't matter. It's God's plan.
I think it's a mistake to miss out on joy just because you have pain.
The blessing is that my kids have a lot of strong men and strong marriages around them, so I feel like they are getting what they need as far as role modeling. So I don't feel the pressure for them.
I've learned that when God promises beauty through the ashes, He means it.
You like to be independent, but you will need to learn to ask for help. It doesn't make you weak.
We all suffer. It's part of life. The blessing is - while evil exists, Divinity does, too, and it is stronger.
For quite a while, it didn't feel right. How could I feel joy when I lost the love of my life? I'm learning that those two things can co-exist. It will never be the same joy, but it doesn't mean there won't be joy.
With a warm drink, in a rocking chair and family and friends around, I am working on finding peace and joy in the moments we have been given. It doesn't have to all make sense. I don't have all the answers.
There's a consequence for everything, and that goes back to the Bible for me.
You can forgive somebody and still believe they need a consequence.
I think everybody goes through things in their life where they're like, 'This does not make any sense,' or 'I don't understand why this is happening,' but that's part of the journey of faith.
That was essential to my journey: the ability to love children while simultaneously having your heart broken.
A couple of times, I felt like I was cracking and I couldn't go on, and God would put another person in my place to help me.
I think that God prepared me for Chris's death in some ways, because I've seen other people lose their spouses. I've known for a long time that life isn't fair.
I wasn't angry with God that I lost my husband. I was devastated; I was broken. I still am, in many ways. But I feel like God gives free will to everyone, and people who want to choose evil, they have that same free will.
I think that that's so true for a lot of first responder families and military families. If you ask them, 'Is there anything I can do for you?', they almost always will not ask for that help.
I am overwhelmed with gratitude, and my heart is full. 'American Sniper' has broken records, which follows such an honest path of Chris's life.
I have been afraid of guns, I have sworn I would never use a gun on another person and so did not need one, and I have wanted to deny the existence of evil.
I have been touched by extreme violence, and I have been robbed of the life I always wanted by someone who chose to do evil.
For people who grew up hunting, especially war veterans, shooting often settled the mind. It was something that required full concentration, and therefore took you away from your troubles, at least for a short time.
