American,Dramatist
The only thing worse than a liar is a liar that's also a hypocrite!
We have to distrust each other. It is our only defense against betrayal.
Hell is yourself and the only redemption is when a person puts himself aside to feel deeply for another person.
Life is all memory, except for the one present moment that goes by you so quickly you hardly catch it going.
I have found it easier to identify with the characters who verge upon hysteria, who were frightened of life, who were desperate to reach out to another person. But these seemingly fragile people are the strong people really.
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it... Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching.
Luck is believing you're lucky.
What is straight? A line can be straight, or a street, but the human heart, oh, no, it's curved like a road through mountains.
For time is the longest distance between two places.
We are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life.
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
Enthusiasm is the most important thing in life.
Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose.
If I am no longer disturbed myself, I will deal less with disturbed people, but I don't regret having concerned myself with them because I think most of us are disturbed.
All good art is an indiscretion.
The violets in the mountains have broken the rocks.
We all live in a house on fire, no fire department to call; no way out, just the upstairs window to look out of while the fire burns the house down with us trapped, locked in it.
Life is an unanswered question, but let's still believe in the dignity and importance of the question.
All of us are guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.
To be free is to have achieved your life.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
I can't stand a naked light bulb, any more than I can a rude remark or a vulgar action.
The future is called 'perhaps', which is the only possible thing to call the future. And the important thing is not to allow that to scare you.
Some mystery should be left in the revelation of character in a play, just as a great deal of mystery is always left in the revelation of character in life, even in one's own character to himself.
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.
