American,Athlete
A lot of emotional stress that people go through, some people figure out a way to handle it. They have a strong enough support system to keep going and keep moving forward. And some people, they feel like they don't have that outlet.
If you align expectations with reality, you will never be disappointed.
Instead of me having a breakdown, I'm focusing on me having a breakthrough.
It doesn't matter what people say about me, I weather the storm.
I didn't know who my daddy was until I was 10 or 12. Surprising as it may seem, he was living right across the street.
I think people change, but the media, they never allowed me to change. They never allowed me to be a better person.
I just feel like I know what I bring to the game. Very confident in what I do.
I love me some me.
God may not be there when you want him but he is always on time.
I don't have no friends. I don't want no friends. That's how I feel.
A lot of people think I'm stuck up. Pretty much that I'm arrogant. I only do that when I'm on the field.
I've sustained a meniscus injury, shortly after that I sustained an ACL injury so really just going through that and going through some personal issues, personal problems within myself.
I feel like football players are overworked and underpaid compared to any other sports.
This is God's world this is not the media's world.
I wanted a NBA basketball gym at my house and that's what I worked hard for and I was able to achieve that.
Right is right and wrong is wrong.
I don't have to play football.
God blessed me to play football.
I feel like with me being a big part of any offense, then the numbers are going to come.
I think at some point during the course of the game, I will have an impact - whether it's blocking or whether it's catching the football.
I know my body better than anything, better than anybody.
I may be a public figure, but really, I'm just like a guy who could be in your family and have some difficult things happen to him.
I'm human; that's what people don't realize.
Everything that I've gone through since the end of 2010, from me finding out about my financial adviser stealing, mismanaging my money - that affected everything, from child support, mortgages, to me having to sell my properties, me being in and out of court trying to modify my child support. It's a lot to deal with at one time.
Some people are too prideful to go out and reach out to people to help them in that situation because it's just such a dark time.
People forget that I'm a human being, just because I play a sport that everybody loves. We're human. We're not invincible. We share the same feelings and emotions that people on the outside feel. I don't think people really understand that.
