American,Athlete
If I could reach down in my heart, I would say I'm sorry for every unkind word and thought I ever had.
You have to understand, now, I'm a momma's boy. I'm from the south. My way of being raised is totally different than the big city life. I truly was a country boy.
I love the national anthem.
All great empires die from within.
The First Amendment rights, everybody has them.
I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid.
I enjoy my public speaking. That's what I love doing. It's what I'm good at.
Bad attitudes will ruin your team.
It was driving me crazy that I couldn't remember something that I studied the night before. All it did was trigger my anxiety, and all of sudden everything would snowball on me.
When Brian told me he grew up in New Mexico, I told him I thought it is cool that people from other countries play football. He corrected me on my geography and agreed to sit down with me anyway.
I'm always happy-go-lucky, and people look at me and find it shocking that I could be depressed.
I'm taking memory power boost tablets to help me every day and doing the puzzles to help me stay focused.
All my football injuries now have arthritis in them.
Forget politics and what their platforms were and everything, because you can take whoever you want to take, but the guy that I liked was Nixon... He was a smart man.
All you got to do is look around. This country's getting worse and worse and more and more immoral, and we're rotting from within.
I didn't respond well to a firm hand and insults.
Depression is a physical illness.
You've got to stand up and do your own battles. My daddy taught me that a long time ago, that you fight your own battles. The only way to shut everybody up is to win.
As a player, it says everything about you if you made the Hall of Fame. But, then again, boy... there's something about winning a Super Bowl.
I just like to catch fish, I don't care if it weighs half a pound or 10 pounds. But I can't do a lot of casting. I can work a jig or a worm. But not for long, especially if the big ones are biting. Those big bass will make it hurt after a while.
I'm against people reading statements. When you read statement, I automatically take it as though you can't talk, and it's not real.
I was thinking, mothers show their love for their sons so much greater than dads do.
Lawsuits make you care. I think the PR makes you care. But personally, when I got out in 1983, do I think they cared about me? No.
I'm not a one-liner guy. I'm a story guy.
When I was labeled stupid, that scarred me forever.
What's the worst thing that can happen to a quarterback? He loses his confidence.
I don't like confrontation.
You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain.
If you play in the NFL and start for 10 years, it's not good. It is not good.
I'm just in an unfortunate business where if you ask me a question I have to answer it honestly and if I don't answer it truthfully then I'm not respected.
I don't want to hurt anybody.
For an athlete, there's no time off... until it's over.
Going out to play a game in front of 100,000 spectators doesn't worry me. Nothing to it.
I have been playing football since I was 7.
I am a Christian guy. I've struggled with that; I have struggled with everything.
I have always felt like a fish in water with football, Fox, speeches, riding horses, and raising cattle.
I would start with the most important thing a quarterback has to be: poised. If you panic in that pocket, you are no good. I don't care what else is there; you have to be poised.
The memory loss made me jittery at times.
I really started to forget things. That's why I quit reciting statistics: because I couldn't remember them exactly, and I stayed away from mentioning some players by name because I really wasn't sure, and I didn't want to make a mistake.
I'm a big card guy. I play Rook, Liverpool Rummy - love that. I play Pac-Man, shoot pool.
I don't have hair anymore. I've shrunk. I'm barely 6 feet 2 inches. I just had my teeth fixed because I'm a grinder.
I can't run anymore. That's the one thing I loved doing. And I can't play golf hardly at all because of wrist and back pain.
When I started as a color man in the booth with CBS, I would make footballs out of a roll of toilet paper.
I found out that superstars Winkler and William Shatner are real people, and I was so thankful for that.
I've never had a problem with people expressing themselves. It's one thing great about our country.
I am a man that loves the flag.
I have more of an identity with Cowher than I do Tomlin. I knew Cowher when he came over from Kansas City as a defensive coordinator, and his teams were tough. Tomlin came in from Minnesota, and I didn't know anything about him. So maybe it's unfair for me to make the comparison.
What does that mean - you're religious? Everybody is religious.
We can't talk about Jesus. We can't mention that anymore.
Most athletes, we're the good ol' boys, part of the good-ol'-boy fraternity, and we take care of our brothers, and we cover up the bad habit and the bad play.
I'm not afraid of being fired, and I'm gonna speak my mind.
I would not put Dak Prescott on the bench. I would leave him as the starter, and I wouldn't have a problem with that at all.
I was frustrated I couldn't remember stuff, and I got real upset. It was driving me nuts.
I got tested to see what condition my brain is in. And it's not in real good shape.
I lose stuff. I forget stuff. I walk into rooms and go, 'Why am I in here? What did I come in here for?' Is that normal? I'm 65. I don't know.
I've always took care of myself.
I know me, and I know my heart. I know what the Lord expects. I know what a Christian's supposed to act like, but you can't act it.
Just everything that I've done, everything that I do, is to this day, all major decisions are all through prayer - all my actions, although a sinner, but you know what? I'm cool with that.
That's one of the problems as a Christian, is that we have to deal with our failures and the shame of it all.
I miss my coach. I love my coach. I miss Chuck Noll.
Washington, D.C., is one of my favorite cities.
I did an album called 'I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry.' I sang the song on 'Hee Haw.'
If I moved back, my mother would love for me to move in because she absolutely loves her boys. 12 boys. She showers all of us. Would be no problem. She would love to have us back in the house.
I am not much on down-time. I'm ADHD, and I gotta be moving.
I wasn't that close to any of my teammates. I didn't find anyone to become a best friend. We don't stay in touch. They're all over the country, but I do not want to stay in touch.
You can't live in the past.
Football is an awesome sport, but it's also a violent sport, and that's why all of us love it. We know what we checked in for, and at seven years of age, that's what I wanted to do with my life, and I didn't care that I got hurt.
I'm learning how to prevent my brain from getting worse than it is after suffering a career worth of concussions playing football.
You don't know how many times I was in the huddle, asking my teammates to help me call a play.
I know how much my late center Mike Webster suffered. I can only imagine what a lot of defensive players from my era are going through.
I've been bashed my whole career.
