American,Playwright
Does art have to have high foot traffic to get funded in a recession? A lot of people, I am sure, would say absolutely not. And those postmodern art-loving loners surely would argue that even if one person likes a piece of art, that would make a museum worthwhile.
I see how the Midwest distrusts the East Coast. The Midwest sees itself as morally superior. The Coast sees itself as intellectually superior. And the two are actually the same thing.
I am curious about a lot of things. I'm perplexed and engaged.
You have to respect who the character is. It has its own internal truth, and you can't betray that. And if you don't betray that, it will not betray you.
Generally, what I try to do is always have a money gig and an art gig.
Is the American theatre allowing itself to become irrelevant? The problem isn't that playwrights aren't being paid enough. It's that theatres all over America are looking towards New York to tell them what new plays to do.
We need theatre that is contemporary, lively and relevant, and the only way to do that is to take care of our playwrights and produce their plays.
I'm actually interested in poor behavior. I'm interested in what drives people to poor behavior.
The movies are all about visual, and television is all about character and dialogue.
I make my life with New York stage actors, and I love them. They're the best actors on planet earth.
It's one of the central problems of American culture: telling you if you're younger, more beautiful, more famous, whatever, that then you'll be happy.
I like to write. Prolific is part of who I am.
It's not my responsibility to write plays about the way the world should be.
I write a lot because, if I don't, I start to panic, and I calm down when I write.
Spielberg read the 'Understudy' and decided that was the voice he wanted to write 'Smash.' He wanted a story that had humanity and humor and high-stakes dreams.
I have admiration for people who can do it well - the guys who wrote 'Cheers' and 'Frasier.' They created sort of a blissful comedic universe.
The stage gives you more control over your own work; in television, there's a distressing amount of communal writing. Unless it's your show, you have no control over that. You're at the mercy of whoever's running the show.
I find a lot of input from other people very stressful.
One thing I won't do in television is a sitcom. I find that world to be so neurotic and bizarre.
I think we have a cultural difficulty with looking at our problems.
I'm not ashamed of being American; I'm very proud.
We have this powerful ideological basis to the country that I don't think any other country in the world quite can brag about. It's a very complicated nation, and it's very fertile.
Why is being a female having an agenda any more than being a misogynist - which David Mamet most certainly is?
I think it's straight men who are oblivious to goodness or badness to dates. That's probably unfair. Maybe they just don't complain as much.
The ridiculous way that workplace politics are conducted completely gets in the way of excellence in America.
I had such a good experience doing 'The Understudy' with the Roundabout, and people were really enthusiastic about the work.
The myth that theater isn't for everybody is total nonsense. In the 18th and 19th centuries, everybody in America used to go to the theater all the time. The shows they went to see were big, crazy melodramas that had careening storylines and houses burning down and pretty girls in danger and comedy and death and destruction.
Theater can be elusive and poetic, but it doesn't thrive when it doesn't reach an audience.
Theater is a public space. It is a spectacular space. It is a gathering place.
I think it goes without saying that young would-be playwrights in developmental workshops should be so lucky as to write plays as good as 'Waiting for Godot,' 'Uncle Vanya' or 'King Lear,' none of which would have existed without a decent plot.
Obviously, a theatrical masterpiece needs more than a plot; many television shows are nothing but plot, and it is doubtful that they will stand the test of time. But I also don't think that making fun of plot or acting like we're all somehow 'above' structure is such a good idea.
I seem to be constantly confronted by theater professionals who are more or less annoyed by the prospect of structure.
That stupid postmodern emphasis on image over content has slammed us right into a dramaturgy that willfully leaves the audience behind and then resents the fact that they don't 'get it.'
Sometimes I feel that my job on earth is to put Julie White through horrible things, watch her writhe and then recover.
I have huge admiration for Jesus Christ and for his incredible compassion for all people.
Part of the problem with producing contemporary political theater in America today is that many theaters don't have flexibility or resources, be it hiring a lot of actors or staging a work that might be tough for some audience and board members.
Some of my family goes back a long way in Denver.
Denver's commitment to giving contemporary storytellers the stage is crucial to the American theater. That's something embraced by 'Smash.' We should be telling our own stories.
There's a thing that happens to Midwesterners - we spend a lot of time talking about having a different set of rules about manners. I don't know about ethics, but certainly about manners, what you would say and what you wouldn't say. And that is not very East coast.
I do believe that there are monsters out there - and that they are monsters.
Show business is a struggle. I certainly wish that I had just blasted on the scene and not had quite such a hard time. But there's a great sense of the relief in that you don't have to prove yourself anymore.
I think, with most writers, their neurosis is finishing things. I have a different neurosis. I'm terribly anxious when it's not finished. Then I become really difficult to live with.
In television, what you are doing is trying to fit your voice into a particular mold.
When I was a staff writer on 'NYPD Blue,' it was truly my job to hear David Milch's voice for that show and to deliver episodes that embodied that voice.
I would rather work in the theater than anywhere else, and it does seem to be a place where stories can and should be told purely.
New York was the Promised Land growing up. Writers were gods! The great gods of American culture... I thought.
I have tremendous affection for New York and my life, but I'm a satirist at heart. And it's easy to satirize New York.
The economics of theater are painful. I still think that the theater community should be looking much more rigorously at how to let the playwright keep the money they make.
In the theater, there's an emphasis on the singular voice. You know, it's your play. And in television, there's so much institutional involvement. So you end up having to negotiate with a lot of people, and that provides a kind of wear and tear on the spirit.
Watching people toss all caution to the wind, who are ready to put their lives on the line for a dream, is something that is accessible.
I think that because television is shot on a really fast schedule, and it gets piped into your home on a smaller screen, it's much more about character and dialogue in a lot of cases than the movies are.
I actually think we should be trying to be rigorous in our thinking about television and the way it enters our lives and shapes the way so many people think.
I have always worked consistently, even in small ways and even in smaller theaters where I'll do One Acts or something.
Honestly, the thing that I have found to be most useful over a long career, or maintaining a long career, is taking back the power at some point and self-producing.
I like working with television. I do.
I often find it maddening to live in America, in a way that is both amusing and horrifying to me. America clings to versions of itself that are absolutely hypocritical. I can't shake my outrage at it, so I write about it.
I remember when I was at Brandeis, Geoffrey Wolff, he was a great fiction-writing teacher. He was the writer-in-residence, and for those of us who wanted to be writers, you were so excited to be in the same hallway as him.
It's so funny, I'm always stealing from Moliere, and nobody ever notices. I steal from him willy-nilly.
I let action rise out of character, really.
I was born and raised in the Midwest, where people were taught that decency and integrity and community were all important values. We were democrats with a little 'd.'
We were told that hard work and talent and character would get you somewhere. At school, we learned it was important to share. On Arbor Day, we all planted trees.
When I go to Ohio to visit relatives on holidays, I am often astonished by the level of casual dismissal offered up by way of discussion.
There are times when I wonder how I ever thought that I could dramatize the death of a national discussion as a family comedy.
I'm an impatient person.
I work hard. I like getting to the end of things. And I write my plays that way.
I'm not afraid of just cranking it out and seeing what comes out of my subconscious. Because I don't always know what I'm feeling. I do a lot of rewriting later. But that first blast feels like a spigot - like it's coming from somewhere else.
When people tell me I'm a prolific writer, it's a nice thing to say. But I think to myself, 'Yeah, but I don't do anything else.'
Moliere and Arthur Miller affected me at a very young age. In adulthood, I became overwhelmed by Chekhov. Those are my big theatrical influences.
