American,Novelist
I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while it's on your plate.
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
Every good thing in the world stands on the razor-edge of danger.
There is a land of the living and a land of the dead and the bridge is love, the only survival, the only meaning.
It is only in appearance that time is a river. It is rather a vast landscape and it is the eye of the beholder that moves.
Ninety-nine percent of the people in the world are fools and the rest of us are in great danger of contagion.
Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous; it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.
When God loves a creature he wants the creature to know the highest happiness and the deepest misery He wants him to know all that being alive can bring. That is his best gift. There is no happiness save in understanding the whole.
I am convinced that, except in a few extraordinary cases, one form or another of an unhappy childhood is essential to the formation of exceptional gifts.
Those who are silent, self-effacing and attentive become the recipients of confidences.
Many plays - certainly mine - are like blank checks. The actors and directors put their own signatures on them.
A dramatist is one who believes that the pure event, an action involving human beings, is more arresting than any comment that can be made upon it.
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose.
The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much.
I know that every good and excellent thing in the world stands moment by moment on the razor-edge of danger and must be fought for.
Literature is the orchestration of platitudes.
Marriage is a bribe to make the housekeeper think she's a householder.
For what human ill does not dawn seem to be an alleviation?
Love is an energy which exists of itself. It is its own value.
Many who have spent a lifetime in it can tell us less of love than the child that lost a dog yesterday.
Man is not an end but a beginning. We are at the beginning of the second week. We are children of the eighth day.
We do not choose the day of our birth nor may we choose the day of our death, yet choice is the sovereign faculty of the mind.
I would love to be the poet laureate of Coney Island.
If I wasn't an actor, I'd be a secret agent.
