American,Actress
That's always at the heart and soul of Disney's features, the feeling of a family values.
This is a Disney animated feature; it's eternal, it's history. What's there to think about'
The kids all knew me from Wayne's World. The grown-ups knew me after True Lies.
I'm of Filipino, Spanish, and Chinese descent, and was raised on Hawaii.
I play a female Indiana Jones, a professor who hunts down precious objects, like a bowl that belonged to the Buddha. They tailored the role to me: I wanted to be smart, funny, and to kick some ass.
I'm not really this rock'n'roll chick.
I like theme parks. The fastest roller coaster I've ever been on is at a casino in Nevada.
When I first came here, Hollywood was very closed-minded.
I slipped at a bus stop; I went one way and my hair went the other. That was the end of my wig.
People want me to do the strangest things. They want me to sign their arms or chests.
I can't stand when people say, 'Don't hate me because I'm beautiful'. OK, how about I hate you because you said that.
Doors open because you're beautiful, but I wouldn't cultivate beauty to the exclusion of brains.
Beauty lasts five minutes. Maybe longer if you have a good plastic surgeon.
I wanted to be a part of the Disney history.
Having the Stitch character, the villain that becomes a hero, coming from outer space, it took a very difficult and complex story and put it into a simpler, kinder time.
If there's a Disney animated feature based in Hawaii, I knew I had to be part of it. I'm very proud to be from Hawaii. There was no question the role was mine.
Jason Lee is the most famous actor from Hawaii I can think of.
I had been gullible, naive, soft, pliable. That's why I got taken advantage of. To survive, you have to have a tough skin.
Did you know hemp is a natural fiber'
I can't sit on grass without a blanket.
I was very young. I thought I knew a lot and I really didn't. I trusted the wrong people.
The reporter claimed he was going to write the article from my point of view. Instead, he made me sound like a little idiot. It made me never want to do another interview again.
I love to sing, so I just figured that I was going to sing or something.
When I first met my agent, I said, If something comes up and it fits my age range and personality, I would like you to send me up for it, even if it specifies blonde or brunette.
As an actress, you're already disregarded for a lot of the parts by the people who are setting up those shows. You don't need your agent to be doing the same.
I act and perform in hopes of getting attention and admiration.
