American,Musician
You and I will meet again, When we're least expecting it, One day in some far off place, I will recognize your face, I won't say goodbye my friend, For you and I will meet again.
Go after what you really love and find a way to make that work for you, and then you'll be a happy person.
I'm not exactly a guy who makes new friends easily.
Music is probably the only real magic I have encountered in my life. There's not some trick involved with it. It's pure and it's real. It moves, it heals, it communicates and does all these incredible things.
I'm barely prolific and incredibly lazy.
Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I'm concerned, that's success.
If you're not getting older, you're dead.
When I decided to be a musician I reckoned that that was going to be the way of less profit, less money. I was sort of giving up the idea of making a lot of money. It was what I loved to do. I would have done it anyway. If I'd had to work at Taco Bell I'd have still been out at night trying to play music.
I have turned down a lot of money for things that would have made me feel cheesy.
I tend to write on an acoustic guitar or the piano. I have kind of a rule: if I can't sit down and play this and get the song over, I don't take it to the band, because most any good song, you can sit down and deliver it with a piano or a guitar.
I don't think it's a good attitude in your life to feel that you have to be rich to have self-esteem.
When you get older, your health becomes important to you, things start breaking down, you've always got a different ache or pain.
I think television's become a downright dangerous thing. It has no moral barometer whatsoever. If you want to talk about something that is all about money, just watch the television.
TV does not care about you or what happens to you. It's downright bad for your health now, and that's not a far-out concept. I think watching the TV news is bad for you. It is bad for your physical health and your mental health.
'Free Fallin' is a very good song. Maybe it would be one of my favorites if it hadn't become this huge anthem. But I'm grateful that people like it.
Most things I worry about never happen anyway.
The music business looks like, you know, innocent schoolboys compared to the TV business. They care about nothing but profit.
It's very easy to be cynical about the hall of fame. But on the other hand, it's really a beautiful thing for someone like me. I dedicated my entire life to this music.
It's funny how the music industry is enraged about the Internet and the way things are copied without being paid for. But you know why people steal the music? Because they can't afford the music.
We don't really make bad records, though some people might like some more than others. And we have never really done a bad show. So I think in a way maybe we've been taken for granted.
The energy of the crowd is insane. Twenty thousand people. It's the biggest jolt of adrenaline. It's very hard to explain. You know the old story about the woman lifting the car off her kid? It's in that realm. You can actually hurt yourself and not know it.
There used to be this real sense of community integrity in rock. It has really eroded. Everyone seems to be on their own now.
What I've learned about marriage: You need to have each other's back; you have to be a kind of team going through life.
I developed a problem with authority. Any time that authority was what I interpreted as being unjust, I stood up to it, and that became my personality.
The first time I tried to write was when I was 14, after I got an electric guitar. I put a song together, and it wasn't that bad! The writing came natural to me.
I don't know, my music has always just come from where the wind blew me. Like where I'm at during a particular moment in time.
