American,Author
Our greatest human adventure is the evolution of consciousness. We are in this life to enlarge the soul, liberate the spirit, and light up the brain.
True stability results when presumed order and presumed disorder are balanced. A truly stable system expects the unexpected, is prepared to be disrupted, waits to be transformed.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
To some extent, Seattle remains a frontier metropolis, a place where people can experiment with their lives, and change and grow and make things happen.
The ultimate end of any ideology is totalitarianism.
Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature.
Human folly does not impede the turning of the stars.
The trouble with the fast lane is that all the movement is horizontal. And I like to go vertical sometimes.
I have always been a romantic, one of those people who believes that a woman in pink circus tights contains all the secrets of the universe.
Love is the ultimate outlaw. It just won't adhere to any rules. The most any of us can do is sign on as its accomplice.
I am cheerful. I don't know if I'm happy. There is a difference, you know.
Well, I believe life is a Zen koan, that is, an unsolvable riddle. But the contemplation of that riddle - even though it cannot be solved - is, in itself, transformative. And if the contemplation is of high enough quality, you can merge with the divine.
To be or not to be isn't the question. The question is how to prolong being.
We're our own dragons as well as our own heroes, and we have to rescue ourselves from ourselves.
The trickster's function is to break taboos, create mischief, stir things up. In the end, the trickster gives people what they really want, some sort of freedom.
I show up in my writing room at approximately 10 A.M. every morning without fail. Sometimes my muse sees fit to join me there and sometimes she doesn't, but she always knows where I'll be. She doesn't need to go hunting in the taverns or on the beach or drag the boulevard looking for me.
Our world isn't made of earth, air and water or even molecules and atoms; our world is made of language.
When I go to the shore, I take along the poems of Pablo Neruda. I suppose it's because the poems are simultaneously lush and ripe and kind of lazy, yet throbbing with life - like summer itself.
I'm not infatuated with frivolousness. We're just good friends.
I believe in nothing, everything is sacred. I believe in everything, nothing is sacred.
A child's mind is its living room; it's is going to be residing there for the rest of its earthly existence.
The brutal truth is, we're scarcely 'educating' children at all. Even if you overlook the guilt, fear, bigotry, and dangerous anti-intellectual flapdoodle being funneled into young brains by schools on the religious right, what we're doing is training kids to be cogs in the wheels of commerce.
One of my books is a hallucinogen, an aphrodisiac, a mood elevator, an intellectual garage door opener, and a metaphysical trash compactor. They'll do everything except rotate your tires.
We use so much bad language that it forms a barrier between ourselves and the truth.
My paintings are very strange - large and empty, like walls. Just the opposite of my writing, which is rich and juicy.
At the typewriter you find out who you are.
A writer needs a life of introspection.
Transformation, liberation and celebration are the themes of all my novels.
The one thing emphasized in any creative writing course is 'write what you know,' and that automatically drives a wooden stake through the heart of imagination. If they really understood the mysterious process of creating fiction, they would say, 'You can write about anything you can imagine.'
A lot of my work comes from what in Asia is called the 'mind of wonder.' There is not a lot of 'mind of wonder' writing in contemporary Western literature. I think that's what appeals to the readers who are my fans.
If the novelist isn't surprised by where his book ends up, he or she probably hasn't written anything worth remembering.
A lot of aspiring writers are all ready to write a novel, but they don't know how to write sentences.
John Irving once told me he doesn't start a novel until he knows the last sentence. I said, 'My God, Irving, isn't that like working in a factory?'
Usually, autobiography is such an indulgence of the ego.
In fiction, when you paint yourself into a corner, you can write a pair of suction cups onto the bottoms of your shoes and walk up the wall and out the skylight and see the sun breaking through the clouds. In nonfiction, you don't have that luxury.
I think science has begun to demonstrate that aging is a disease. If it is, it can be cured.
The gods have chosen to entertain me with chronic eyestrain headaches. Very poisonous episodes. So I don't do a lot of reading anymore except on tape.
Writing is the hardest physical work there is.
I would only read the novels that people classify as 'beach books' if I were being held prisoner and the only alternative was the 'Book of Mormon.'
A child's mind is its living room; it's going to be residing there for the rest of its earthly existence.
I've decided to take advantage of outsourcing. My next novel will be written by a couple of guys in Bangalore, India.
