American,Politician
Let's make it simple: Government control means uniformity, regulation, fees, inspection, and yes, compliance.
I vote my conscience first and my constituents next, regardless of the direction of our leadership.
From day one, my focus as a new-breed appropriator was to look for areas where we could save taxpayer dollars.
I think it's possible to have a conservative serve in a cardinal position, a subcommittee chair position, and be very effective.
If there is wasteful spending, I will not support it.
Planned Parenthood is absolutely wasteful spending.
We're representing our districts. I make decisions on my district.
When you have a blueprint doesn't mean you can't add another room.
The easy way out is to increase taxes.
When I make decisions, it's not based on what the Republican Party does. I'm elected by the 9th congressional district.
There's one thing to say about John Boehner. He's a fighter. He does fight. And if there is somebody you want in the foxhole with you, it's going to be John Boehner.
I'm just a country boy from north Georgia, and I have three children and a wonderful wife. And when I look at my three children, who are 8, 11, and 12, and they really represent the faces and the future of the children all across my congressional district, and what the Tea Party stands for is not extremism; it's about their future.
We've had years and years and years of compromises, and that's led to $14 trillion in debt.
We are united around a simple goal, and that is keeping the government open while protecting our constituents from the harmful effects of Obamacare.
We need to make every effort to ensure Obamacare is never implemented.
I've traveled the country advocating for the Fair Tax, along with Herman Cain, Neal Boortz, and John Linder.
We must seize the moment and permanently delay the entire law. Congress can do this. We control the purse strings and can protect taxpayers from funding Obamacare.
Speaker Boehner has said many times that the House of Representatives is the closest institution to the people, and he recognizes that by empowering the members to have direct input into the process.
I'm a very results-oriented person. I want to see us move the ball forward.
We can either build on the greatness of America or we can fade off into history.
Rather than negotiating yet another continuing resolution at the last minute, the appropriations process should work as it was originally designed, with appropriations bills passing the House and the Senate and being signed into law by the president, after robust debate, with a process for amendments.
The Transportation Empowerment Act paves the way for better roads, easier commutes, and more family time.
It is about the American people. When something is not ready, it is not working, it is not right, then we owe it to them to do the right thing and say, 'Let's hold.'
The cost of airline tickets will never be transparent as long as the Department of Transportation requires airlines to hide taxes, surcharges, and fees from consumers.
If the goal of the DOT's rule is to prevent companies from deceiving passengers about the total cost of their ticket, why is the department mandating that airlines hide the taxes, surcharges and government fees in the fine print?
I thought it was a joke at first, but the president did, in fact, authorize an autopen to sign the Patriot Act extension into law. Consider the dangerous precedent this sets. Any number of circumstances could arise in the future where the public could question whether or not the president authorized the use of an autopen.
