American,Actor
I used to be good friends with my depression, saying oh I'm so depressed, or life is terrible.
It's such a human condition, whether you're a great track star or a great knitting person or you paint watercolors - someone knows who you are.
I enjoy being recognized whatever environment I'm in.
I want the public to know that it will be an honor for me to meet them and spend a few special moments with all those who helped me through my filmed career.
The service meant so much to me. You don't know privileged I feel and how lucky I am to have served.
I can't sit around and wait for the telephone to ring.
I wouldn't be caught dead marrying a woman old enough to be my wife.
I don't know what organically grown chickens are; I've never seen one.
I was born in and worked in a period that could be called enviable.
Every movie I've been in has ended up on television.
I've made 122 movies, and I daresay there's a picture of mine showing somewhere in the world every day.
It is for the latter that I always wanted to be an actor: to play characters who are always on the move.
I will always remember this summer day in Paris, when I was to perform a great acrobatic move. I can still see myself stepping on the ring of a packed circus along real performers.
While you're doing it, you don't really know what you're doing.
Painting is much more than therapy to me its a way of life.
Its not age as much as the experiences I have had.
Like an opera singer, I am able to sing out my song in paint.
I look at everything in an artistic way.
Even on a personal note, my dressing table downstairs is crowded with things, like a mini landscape. It's a city with buildings and towers and roads. There's a pool and a little park. When I move something around it becomes a different tableau.
But where there is no art show, I would still be painting.
I've just opened a show in Florida, although I also have many pieces on display around the world.
For instance, I always have one hanging in Budapest in the mayors office.
Everywhere I go in the world, people know me and recognise me and really show affection for me.
The movie business is very twisted, out of site, out of mind, you know.
Yes I'm still working, but my life's no longer filled with it.
But my longevity is due to my good timing.
