American,Actor
People live too much of their lives on email or the Internet or text messages these days. We're losing all of our communication skills.
I have friends who are black, white, purple, gay, straight, Martian, yellow, old, and young. I have friends who are animals and a few who I believe to be robots. All of them are people to me. In my mind, it's not about what you look like or what you do; it's about who you are inside.
Being funny wasn't a career choice growing up, it was my way out of situations; a way to survive another day.
Bad news travels at the speed of light; good news travels like molasses.
Comedians are the monkeys of acting. When you go to the zoo, everybody loves the monkey exhibit.
When a child is born, it's born with a heart of gold, but the way of this world can turn that heart cold. I'm still a good person, and I thank God for that - He's working with me on it.
I'm not perfect, but I strive for it.
I had a great time working on 'Saturday Night Live.' It was one of the important times in my life.
And when I was angry, when I was younger, I was in a cocoon. Now I'm a beautiful, black butterfly.
You get somebody to crack a smile, that's a beautiful thing.
I'm human, I feel, I understand. That's the highest level of love, is understanding - when you can understand someone, when you can love them with their flaws and their faults. So I understand, I consider. I may speak the truth, but I'll consider your feelings, too.
You have to give a wound time to heal and think of other people's feelings.
'Saturday Night Live' was the joy of my life.
So I think all comedians are earning their wings into heaven. We're all going to heaven, but everybody's not going to get their wings. Some people are just going to be regular angels. Doing cleanup, janitor work. In heaven, I'm going to sit on the couch with Oprah.
That's a gift God's given us: the ability to work together in collaborations.
If there's one thing I've learned in my life, it's that curiosity might kill cats, but it doesn't kill people.
Growing up in the ghetto is pretty hard. It's poverty; it's frustration.
We have freedom of speech, but you got to watch what you say.
I know who I am. When I look in the mirror, I see me.
The only person who knows what's in my wallet is my wife.
I don't believe in storks. I know they don't deliver babies; they deliver pickles.
There's ups and downs of any job. If you worked at the post office, there's ups and downs. You have your good days, and you have your bad days. If you're a housewife, you have your good days, and you have your bad days.
My life growing up was a twisted Bronx version of 'The Color Purple.' It had a much different soundtrack and no trees, but that desperation was the same.
I'm a big, big movie fan. I watch 'The Ten Commandments' and the original 'Planet of the Apes' every night.
Having a daughter makes you see things in a different way. You have to see how you're carrying yourself because there's a little girl. There's not a little boy, there's a little girl. I think I'm a little more overprotective.
Yeah, race exists. Racism is still here, and it's doing well. Turn on the news. I don't think me and my comedy can really change that.
What I have learned over the years is to try to stay in the moment. I want to feel it all because I've realized nothing lasts.
I deal with my sons like young men. If they have a problem with something, they come to me. I am the type of dad that will drop everything I am doing for them, and always tell them to talk to me about it.
You will be surprised but I do a lot of studying and I watch National Geographic.
My sense of humor is a turkey, and I pull it out of the oven and baste it in reality.
I've been funny my whole life. This is a gift God gave me.
I spread love wherever I'm at. I'm like Marvin Gaye.
What am I afraid of? The IRS. That's it. I don't want those people knockin' on my door, man.
Stand-up is my foundation. That's where it started at. And I love it because it's personal. It's mine. It's all me. It's my experience in life.
I would love to try action films.
It's just, people recognize you for your work, you know? They love you for your work, and they judge you for your work. It's awesome to have people quoting you. I love it.
I'm around my kids every day. I'm regular. We're a regular family. My wife cooks, she washes clothes, I read books, I pump my own gas, I get my own hair cut.
I think the word 'pregnant' is funny.
People walked out on Richard Pryor and he's the funniest man alive.
I don't have a hateful bone in my body. I don't believe anyone should be bullied or made to feel bad about who they are.
In my heart, I really don't care who you love, same sex or not; as long as you have the ability to love, that's the important thing here.
As a child, I was able to know that I wanted a better life.
If you can survive 'Saturday Night Live,' then you're good as far as show business is concerned.
I have a pretty diverse audience, and that makes me happy - laughter is universal, and I don't differentiate between people at all. Why should I? People are people. There's no reason why one person can't relate to any other person on this planet in some way or another.
It's very important to be in your child's life and know what's going on and be there with them.
You can't hold me to the same standard as the president or a school teacher. I'm just a comedian. My job is like Archie Bunker.
To me, politics is a pile of tricks.
I don't need no stool and mike stand. I don't need all of that to be funny. I've been funny my whole life. This is a gift God gave me. I spread love wherever I'm at. I'm like Marvin Gaye.
A stand-up's job is to hold the mirror up to society and to look at what we're afraid of. That's why we had shows like 'All in the Family' and 'The Jeffersons.' We made fun of ourselves then.
People bring camera phones into comedy shows and clubs and concerts, and sound bites never come out right.
I think people would want to see Tracy Morgan host 'Saturday Night Live.'
'Saturday Night Live' is live television. Nothing can compare to that.
Stand-up is the foundation to my career. It's what I started out doing.
I don't do drama. I'm a comedian.
Michael's the ultimate entertainer. After Michael Jackson, it's Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, and Bruce Lee.
If we all had a little bit of Michael Jackson in us, I think it would make the world a better place.
Listen, Bruce Lee fought out of anger. That's why they call it the 'Fists of Fury.' Michael Jackson danced with fury. I do stand up out of fury. I'm not mad at anybody. I'm not mad at any human being because I'm a human being.
There's nothing in the world like live entertainment. With TV, you have to wait for your results; with live entertainment, people let you know right then and there. That relationship is established in 30 seconds. The first 30 seconds, they'll let you know whether they like you or not.
My father was funnier than me. My father was Richard Pryor-funny. I'm just a better businessman.
God gave us dreams, but he gave us kids to make all those dreams worthwhile. And when I look at all my kids, I say everything that I've ever went through in my life was worthwhile.
The truth is, I've never thought of myself as the Michael Jordan of comedy. And that's a good thing. You know why? Because I'm not. Wasn't that Richard Pryor? Yes, it was. I know what I am: I'm funny!
Life smacks Tracy Morgan in the face, and I don't mean to talk in third party, but no, it doesn't stop raining when I come outside, no, absolutely not. I'm very in touch.
On 'Saturday Night Live,' I never really wrote. You know, I would just - I would let the writers cast me into the show. So my strength - and I put all my energies into performance. I just couldn't deal with the rejection, you know, getting your sketches cut, and it was hard for me.
I don't see myself as angry, although other people see that. I just see myself as a short, dumpy guy with bad feet, and I'm passionate.
I love my mother. My mother made sure, her stubbornness - she made sure we was going to eat. She made sure we had Christmases. That was my mother. My father wasn't there for that.
Whatever I did on 'Saturday Night Live' is going to stay and remain on 'Saturday Night Live.'
I'm a human being. I feel all emotions. I'm not just happy all the time. Sometimes, I'm sad and feel the blues. Sometimes I even want to feel the blues. Sometimes, you want to feel down.
I think it's good that I get scared because, if you never get scared, you don't have any need for guts.
What I have learned over the years is to try to stay in the moment.
I have my Lucky Charms in the morning, and I feel magical.
Tracy Morgan is subdued. I'm cool. I'm chilled out.
My older brother was born, who was a cripple, then I was born, and my sister was born, the only girl. So I was between the only girl and the crippled guy. I was the middle guy.
Ladies are honest. They're my motivation. They know what's funny, and the dudes just follow.
I was never a big comic book fan. I was always more into the baseball cards.
I want to show the world my humor.
I come from where Mike Tyson came from. I come from right across the street from Jay-Z. I didn't have a pond in my backyard. I saw violence.
They say that every Jewish person is supposed to love one black person in his life. I'm glad Lorne Michaels chose me.
I remember when I was on 'Saturday Night Live' my first year, and I wasn't getting much. I was down; I was ready to quit.
When you see me on the street, act like you know me.
When I want to work on my material, I go to Benihana or the barbershop.
When you look at the artists who have come up through 'Billboard' over the years, it's incredible.
I'm art. You're art. We are God's greatest works, simple as that.
Most creative thing I've ever done? Got somebody pregnant.
I do comedy for real people.
I'm glad I dropped out of high school, man. I wouldn't be where I'm at. I would have had a net. I'm glad I didn't have anything to fall back on, man, because that made me go for my dreams that much harder.
My fans would love to see Brian Fellow come back. I love my fans. And they like my edge.
White women love me 'cause of my edge. And I love white women.
I know my spirit is not mean, and I have a very good spirit and a funny spirit.
No one set that I ever do is the same. I mean, if I go to a comedy club, and I perform three sets, all three sets are different because anything can happen in between sets.
Most people don't know what's happening around them because they're just speeding through life. And before they know it, they're just old. So I just try to slow it down.
I do my best creating on stage.
My voice is very distinct. People hear Tracy Morgan's voice, and they know Tracy Morgan right off the bat because I've been in their homes for so many years.
Working with Bruce Willis makes my career authentic. I may not get an Oscar, but I worked with Bruce Willis. That matters more to me.
I have a nice following in Boston. The Boston crowd is very hip.
Whenever I perform, people get me because I'm talking about things that people can identify with and relate to. I'm not just up there doing jokey, jokey, joke.
If I had to describe my sense of humor, I would say it's contemporary wit, you know what I'm saying?
I think hip hop is dead. It's all pop now. If you call it hip hop, then you need to stop. Hip hop was a movement. Hip hop was a culture. Hip hop was a way of life. It's all commercial now.
Where I came from, people couldn't afford to go to the theatre.
If I make fun of somebody at my show, believe me, it's something we can all laugh at.
The version of me you see on TV now and in my feature films is a pretty happy guy, isn't he?
Who's coming with me? I don't know where I'm going, but who's coming with me?
In New York, we get down. In L.A., everybody's pretty much standing around like they're at a keg stand. You got to get the party started, so I just take my shirt off.
I've played outrageous characters my whole career.
I know how bad bullying can hurt. I was bullied when I was a kid.
Parents should support and love their kids no matter what.
I got five kids - I claim three for income tax purposes.
Of all the sicknesses, there is probably none more abusive than homophobia.
My heart is committed to giving everyone the same rights that I deserve for myself.
The paparazzi do what they do, man. They have a job, too.
I've still got family members living below the poverty line in New York.
No matter what, if my son was gay, I'd treat him like a king.
Rock bottom for some people is death. Some people never learn from their mistakes. They don't learn from other people's mistakes.
All women like to look up to their men.
I love animals, but I don't want to talk to them. I'd rather be able to talk to other people on other continents and understand them.
All you single fathers got to man up.
Black people dance well because we start early - there's music being played everywhere. White people? They don't start dancing until they get to college, and by then, it's too late; the bottom don't move with the top no matter how hard they try.
I've got friends who want money but don't want to do anything to earn it.
Anybody who's lived in the ghetto knows that you don't move during the daytime. Here's why: You don't want anyone to know you're leaving, and you don't want anyone knowing where you're going.
When you're in the spotlight, people want to dissect you and then put you back together the way they want you.
Some people believe everything they see on TV. People, it's called tel-lie-vision!
You have to be highly intelligent to get away with a dumb joke. That takes a pretty smart fella.
I guess I'm entertaining; I guess I'm interesting. I guess the things that I say sell papers. I guess they sell magazines. I don't know.
I don't even read the newspaper; I don't read that crap.
It gets scary when you're dealing with people who don't know how to separate fact from fiction.
I have the person at home, the person who has his privacy, too. Michael Jackson didn't do the moonwalk in his kitchen.
Having boys is different. Boys, you put sneakers on, and they're out, they're ready. Girls, you gotta pay a little bit more attention to them.
If I get some Bruce Lee nun-chucks that he actually used in a movie, those are going in the case. Those will never be used. Those will never be touched.
Sometimes I think we're exposed to things we shouldn't be exposed to too early. I think that sets the tone to a person's whole life. Trauma.
America doesn't like to hear about things like welfare. 'Don't talk about that. We don't like what it did to people!' Yeah, but it happened.
I'm no Jerry Seinfeld. I wasn't raised with some backyard with a creek and trees and all that.
There aren't a lot of guys out there keeping it real. Everybody's been branded. Everybody's been bought and sold.
My father was the role model I looked up to. My dad was an entertainer, too. I patterned my life after him. He wanted me to do better than he did. He never sold a record in his life, but to me, he was still a rock star.
I love working with Alec Baldwin. He's one of the five greatest actors ever to live.
If she's not spoken for, and you come at her correctly, like a man, she'll get with you.
The sexiest part of a woman's body is the back of her kneecaps.
There's nothing wrong with looking at a woman's kneecaps.
The further you go, what, I'm gonna wait til I'm 80? Naw, I'm tellin' my story now. I was just moved. I was moved to tell my story. You know? People write books all the time.
I've gone through my trials and tribulations, and sure, it's gotten bumpy and all that, but I'm here. OK?
I know how people are. We fixate on controversy and all that.
Cool is the enemy of funny. You can't be cool and be funny at the same time. Only Eddie Murphy could do that.
Welcome to post-racial America. I'm the face of post-racial America.
For my first gig, I got $75. I could make money being funny, so I pursued it as a career and have turned it into a lucrative business.
When Richard Pryor did comedy, it was like he was having a conversation.
Comedy should be easy, not laboured.
If I gamble, I'll play roulette. My wife and I will play roulette, and that's about it. I'm not a heavy gambler.
The most romantic thing I ever did to my woman? I painted her toenails!
I'm a black man in America, so I'm going to be misunderstood.
I don't control the line of 'funny,' 'funny,' 'funny,' 'not funny.'
I'm not getting any younger. You're not getting any younger, so yeah. You age.
Everybody's out to get something from somebody. 'Gold diggers' doesn't just mean money, it can mean time, it can mean feelings. It can mean anything when you're taking and not giving. When people don't know how to reciprocate.
I have a heart. I want people to see me with their heart and not their eyes.
