American,Actress
You can't enjoy life if you're not nourishing your body.
I'm the most cynical person, and I know what that sounds like when you say, I don't drink and drive, and I don't. But I know people look at that with skepticism, and I understand.
You can never prepare yourself enough to see your mug shot and DUI.
Anorexia, you starve yourself. Bulimia, you binge and purge. You eat huge amounts of food until you're sick and then you throw up. And anorexia, you just deny yourself. It's about control.
I love acting. But I love being a mother. To be a full mother and a full person, you have to do what you love, and that's acting. But I like the best of both worlds.
You don't have the judgment after you've had the drink. If something truly catastrophic had happened that evening, I don't know how I could have lived with myself. I feel like I've gotten a second chance.
I've experienced the tabloids when I had anorexia.
Life comes full circle.
After the crash happened, I was so humiliated and embarrassed. I thought of Mothers Against Drunk Drivers, that they must hate me.
All I need to do to stay healthy is look at my three boys.
Any actor will tell you, anybody in the public eye, that the tabloids are the worst kind of ramification of being a celebrity.
I am the person who is a mother against drunk driver.
I didn't think I was fat. I just thought I didn't need to gain any weight. But I would drop weight and then I would be comfortable with that number. Then I would lose more weight and that would become my new number.
I don't believe things happen in vain. I believe they happen for a reason.
I had a very public battle with anorexia.
I had years of therapy to recover from this. A lot of it had to with being a people pleaser, being the ultimate good girl. I wanted everyone to like me. I didn't really have a voice. I was afraid of growing up.
I have faith in the justice system, and what will happen will happen. I'm just trying to do the right thing.
I just don't like to drive. I'm not a bad driver, I just don't like to drive.
I knew that by getting behind the wheel of the car and having had something to drink, the responsibility laid on my shoulders.
I remember that all of a sudden, the car felt like I couldn't control it. It was absolutely the most horrifying experience. We rolled over, off the freeway. I think there was something wrong with the car.
I unwittingly became sort of this anorexia spokeswoman.
I will never have a drink and get behind the wheel of a car. It's not illegal to drink and drive, but there becomes a certain point where it does become a crime.
I'll always have a baby face.
I'm not a religious person. I'm Catholic, so I consider myself more of a spiritual person. I believe in God.
I'm not acting, but I am acting.
I've been so in my moment about my life.
