American,Musician
Thank you for life, and all the little ups and downs that make it worth living.
I wanted to say thanks... and share my gratitude for everything I've been blessed with. Family, friends, and continued support from everyone.
There's a lot more responsibility at home, so a tour is like the opposite for me. It's like a breath of fresh air.
I want to keep pushing the limits for drummers and expressing myself.
When I look at music, everything is blurred, and I like it that way. I grew up like that, hanging out with different types of people who listened to so many different types of music. I never wanted to be part of any one clique. I loved it all.
I need protein from food rather than just protein supplements. I changed my diet.
I guess YouTube is the new destination spot for music videos. That's where I go.
We never worry about the big things, just the small things.
I practice every day, I warm up before I play.
We just wanted to write a bunch of songs that we thought were good songs.
I juice a lot; I get as much protein as I can, because being a vegan, there isn't much protein. But that's pretty much it. I just drink lots of water, too. I'll have a protein shake as well every morning.
On tour, you never have a home, you don't get used to anything, and you're always super busy.
All I wanted to do was ride skateboards - I wanted to be a professional skateboarder. But I had this problem. I kept breaking half of my body skateboarding.
My mom passed away a day before high school started, and her dream was for me to be a full rock and roll guy, and play drums in a band.
We were concerned with having good songs, not just songs that go two hundred miles per hour.
We just wrote songs that seemed good to us. We wrote the album in like two weeks. We could have had more time, but we accomplished what we needed to in the two weeks.
We all write the music, and then Mark and Tom write the lyrics.
We all liked the Descendants and stuff like that, so we started playing it. It's not that it was really hard, well, it does take skill to play fast and keep up your stamina. But it was something that just happened.
Then I tried out for the Fontana High School drum line, in Riverside, and I did really well. I got second chair, and played snare in that drum line for three years.
Oh, I was super serious about practicing and rudiments, and still am. I still have all my books.
My mom listened to the Beatles and Elvis, a lot of different types of music.
My chops are still up, even though I'm not still in high school.
In junior high, I sang in madrigals, men's' and women's' choir. I played piano too, but then I got out of it.
In 1996, I was in was in an acoustic kind of rock band, we were called Feeble. We were just playing locally.
I've always liked Dennis Chambers, he's real flashy.
I'm super serious about that stuff. I mean, it's rare that I sit down at a drum set when I'm not touring, because we tour so much.
It's something I want to overcome. And my kids are scared to death to fly. I want them to witness me overcome it.
I don't like traveling, period. I like being at places and I like going places, but I don't like forms of transportation.
I love tour, but I don't like traveling at night or driving long hours. But I love touring. If my kids could be out there full time, I'd probably never go home.
The whole time after you record an album, you're just waiting for the release date. You're waiting for fans to hear it and stuff.
My biggest fear ever is to be involved in a plane crash, so when that happened... well, I'm just thankful to be alive. I'm just grateful to be here at all.
I hate planes.
I think putting your relationship out there for people to interpret and have their own opinion about, I think it's crazy.
Usually, if I'm coming to Europe, I'm on a boat for seven days, so I spend the seven days doing a bunch of things. I'll do cardio for an hour or an hour-and-a-half and weights, just light weights.
I try to do an hour of cardio on the days that I have off, and then I'll do 30 to 45 minutes on show days. That's the first thing I do when I wake up, I have breakfast and then I'll hit the gym.
Once in a while, I'll slip and get off my vegan diet and have egg whites in the morning, that's a good source of protein while I'm out on the road. If I can feel my body starting to tire, those are good to keep you healthy.
Playing my drums is therapy.
