American,Actor
I don't eat fast food, but I can't live without pizza.
I eat apples whole, seeds and all... yes, like a horse.
When I was 17, I was so shy I could barely speak or introduce myself to anyone.
I was just terrified in front of the camera. I couldn't even say my own name. I walked out of a handful of auditions. I mean, ran out in cold sweats. I was just so nervous and insecure.
I think fear is unavoidable and that, when recognized and embraced, it's something that can work for you - especially in the audition room.
In daytime, you're shooting an episode a day, which is on average about 90 pages of script a day. That is very hectic. On '90210,' you get to work through it a little more. You're not just flying through it just to get it done.
I grew up in Mammoth Lakes, and they shot an episode up there, and I was hanging around when I was on the ski team. I was very, very involved in athletics, so I didn't watch a lot of TV, but I definitely watched a lot of '90210.'
One of my songs was on a jazz station for awhile. It was a song that I wrote for a jazz sax player friend of mine, and I sang and played the guitar on it.
I graduated from school for graphic design, and I started to get into acting class just to get over severe fright. I was an extremely shy person. I could barely say hello to anybody.
The emails and the tweets and the Facebook posts and the fan mail that we get from young people all over America that are on the football team or on the hockey team are so touching. They tell me, 'Hey, this is me. I still have to remain in the closet, but your role in '90210' makes me feel better the way being gay is being portrayed.'
I work out at Runyon Canyon almost every morning.
Auditioning is the most terrifying thing I've ever done. There must have been four or five of them where I completely froze up and walked out of the room. My palms get sweaty just thinking about it.
I have a really hard time meeting people, so I wanted to take classes to get out of my social shell. Eventually, I opened up and realized, 'Wow, I really enjoy this.'
I aspire to be like Paul Newman. He was a man's man, a lady's man, and the epitome of a philanthropist.
There's nothing better than keeping fit. It gives me energy and helps me think more clearly.
