American,Author
I try to explain to people that the only way to be cool is to be who you truly are, and the only way to live life is to do the things that you want to do and be the person that you want to be no matter who that is or what that is or how you have to do it. That's the only way you can be genuinely happy.
The haters always scream the loudest.
I want someone who is my partner in life. Who supports me, and I support her. I can share all my experiences in life with her, and she can share hers back with me. Not only do we love each other, but we accept, embrace, nurture, and care for each other.
I'm a human. Every human is flawed. I might be flawed in different ways than some people, or worse ways than some people, or better ways than some people.
The narcissist act is not an act. I actually am a narcissist, very much so. My world revolves around me.
Corporate tweets are like one robot talking to another.
Think about it: If you don't have any actual, tangible skills, then how can you do anything? You may be laughing and nodding, but do you realize how few people, when asked the basic question, 'What can you do?' stumble on the answer and have nothing to say? Most people.
I was not developmentally disabled, but didn't mature at the same rate other kids did.
I've come to learn that what really matters is the relationship, the quality of the relationship.
When your buddy tells you a movie is good, that's worth 2,000 commercials.
When I give speeches at college, I don't tell stories, I talk about what it is to live your dreams and take the path less traveled.
At some point in their life, everyone thinks they should go to law school. You may in fact think you want to go to law school now.
The point of psychoanalysis is to really understand the roots of your behavior. Understand why you are doing the things you're doing - and connect your unconscious to your conscious.
I always laugh when people call me a misogynist. I... love women! Everything I do is to impress women. And if I hated women, why would half my fans be women?
I sold a million books because I have a lot of fans, not because people hate me.
Look at the scope of writers who sell stuff. I'm at the very top of the power curve in terms of sales.
Anything that reflects the human condition back on humans in the entertainment medium is art.
Calling one thing 'literature' and another 'fiction' is a way to create status where there is none.
There aren't a whole lot of people in culture that are unapologetically masculine.
There is no number or level of success that would make me think, 'Wow, I didn't think that was possible.'
My writing is authentic, and whatever happens in my life is what I write about.
I've never really had a media edifice supporting me.
No one has probably helped me more with my narcissism than my dog.
Helping reproductive services doesn't just help women in isolation. It helps men just as much.
My parents got divorced when I was around a year old. My dad was essentially a nonentity in my life until I got to be about 16 or so. My mom was a flight attendant for PanAm, so I moved all over the world. London, Rio de Janeiro.
If your parents ignored you, or if they are just not emotionally available, or if they yell a lot, that is a type of trauma.
If you don't have a job right now, and you have a computer and a basic intelligence level, I guarantee you can get a great job, paying really well, in less than three months. How? Learn to program.
If you like to argue just for the sake of being contentious, you shouldn't pick a job based on this unresolved emotional issue of yours, you should get counseling for it.
Make no mistake about it: Law school is not a bastion of intellectual discourse.
Having a soft major is nowhere near the career death sentence that so many make it out to be. The world is changing, and the U.S. economy with it. Our economy is shifting to a service- and information-based economy, and soft majors are already becoming more and more valuable.
Publishing companies are like schoolyard bullies that can't even fight well.
Frankly, I'd rather make a little bit less money if it means living in a better world for books and publishing in the future.
