American,Musician
If something's dope, you got to go with it.
I used Atlantic like I was supposed to.
I want to be one of those ones: a legend.
Everything has a cycle and a season.
I mess with white girls, Asian girls, Spanish girls, black girls, everything.
I'm definitely the super-cool dad.
How many fake Drakes are there? How many fake Migos are there?
'Shell Shocked' is so different from what people are used to hearing from Ty Dolla Sign.
I'm promoting partying and having fun and being that type of American. I don't wanna hurt nobody's feelings.
I like Future, Young Thug, Mike WiLL, DJ Spinz, Metro Boomin, Drake, Kendrick.
Fifth grade was when I first heard 'Smells Like Teen Spirit;' it was the energy, and his voice. I liked 311 and Sublime, too, though that might have been a little after that.
I make bangers all the time, and I knew it was going to come. My mom probably used to think it wasn't going to happen. My daughter's mom thought it wasn't going to happen, and a couple of girlfriends. You just gotta keep on doing it. I'm living proof.
I am Mr. 'Toot it and Boot It.'
Why do we have to have another riot?
It's hella crazy being included in the music for the 'Ninja Turtles' movie.
My song 'Saved:' that's EDM-vibes with some L.A. vibes.
People have died in jail that have been innocent.
One of my uncles played in The Isleys. I went to all their shows.
God is good.
God blessed us with all this money, so why not take the money and put it into my brother's case? Talk about social and racial injustice in our country, and mass incarceration in our country?
Fifteen is around the time when my parents broke up, and all I was listening to was 2Pac.
There was a lot of Pac haters, but I definitely love Pac. I wish I got to do a song with him.
I used to go to the Church of the Harvest, right off Adams and La Brea. There was a pastor there who had the best big choir and the best band. He would start praying, and the music would start playing and just make people feel so good, you could break out of whatever you were going through. Soft music can have that effect, too.
As a kid, my pops did music, too. He was in a group called Lakeside back in the day.
I'm from L.A. South Central area.
I've been everywhere man. I'm from L.A., though.
I got all the women and everything I want, but my brother is locked up. I can't leave him behind.
J Cole went platinum with no features, and I wanna go platinum!
I think I'm gonna do more songs on my own.
Ever since Apple Music, Spotify, and all of those things came around, we can choose whatever we want to listen to. Before then, it was all controlled, but now, everybody listens to everything.
I'm gonna bring Bad Brains vibes 'cos that's what I do.
At first, I ain't gon' lie, I used to be a little nervous about what people were gon' think about my music, but once I let that go, then everything started happening.
It's simple: put the money into schools and not prisons.
We'll get way further if we educate people and not lock them up.
I've been building slow, step by step.
I'm never satisfied. I want to get to the next level.
I grew up around a lot of church musicians.
Every time I hear 'Miracle,' I feel a certain type of way.
When we dropped 'Toot It And Boot It,' Mustard didn't even do beats, and now he's killin' it. So it's just cool to see all of my bros taking over.
I'm tryna figure out when I'm gonna do my version of the Moonwalk... It's coming, you know? That Dolla $ign moonwalk is comin'.
That's where I got lucky; nobody else is doing what I do or really can do what I do.
I'm just thankful to be blessed with my talent.
I love Jailynn so much. She's the best daughter. I bet every dad says that.
I'm not gonna front and act like your boyfriend. I'm out here, you know what I'm saying?
I love seeing love. I had this one girl that I was really tryna go hard with, but it wasn't it.
My production got better, songs, lyrics, everything; the sound, the quality, everything.
One day, I'm gonna make a song with John Mayer.
One day, I'm gonna make a song with Kaskade.
I feel like everybody's inspired off of everybody.
The Internet is the vehicle we're driving to share our visuals, outrage, and ideas around the world.
For those of you that don't know, the reason I named my album 'Free TC' is because my lil' brother is named TC. He's locked up for something that he didn't do, and what I'm trying to do is just raise awareness around the whole mass incarceration thing going on in our country, especially with our people.
I remember watching the first Million Man March as a kid, and I always knew that if I got a chance to go to one, I would go.
Now I know we have the power to incite change through the Internet - keep sharing our stories, our dreams, and our struggles.
Quavo's energy in the studio in unreal.
OT Genasis is my L.A. homie; I've seen him grind, and he is still making hits.
Bad Brains is one of my all-time favorite punk bands.
YG and I started a long time ago back in '08, and I am proud of where we are now.
Jagged Edge is one of my favorite R&B groups.
When I put out 'Toot It and Boot It,' did anything sound like that?
The whole reason behind my album 'Free TC' is seeing all that police brutality, injustice, mass incarceration.
I don't despise anyone. It's definitely all about the love.
I kick it with a whole bunch of people, whereas some people only want you to kick it with one race, you know.
I like Jaco Pastorius' 'Portrait of Tracy.' He was this bass player who played jazz fusion. He was the dopest bass player who ever lived.
When it comes to making a song, whatever the beat tells me to do, I do.
Really, I've been working forever, just doing music, and then all of a sudden, out of the blue, everybody is just on it.
I'm happy and thankful that people are messing with the Dolla $ign.
I'm a big fan of Fetty Wap.
The softest thing I've ever heard are the wind chimes in my backyard. They are soft and cool and mellow.
As a producer, when I'm trying to make something soft, I start with a slow tempo. Then after that, it would be straight to acoustic guitar and vocals, or I'm going to go strings and just piano.
Piano feels soft. Violins and all different string instruments feel soft. Guitar, even electric guitar before you start adding distortion, that you can play soft.
Out of every other rap guy, Wiz is the most humble, down-to-earth guy, like me.
I do a little bit of everything.
With L.A. it's like, yeah, there's Death Row and whatever. But I always wanted to know what those artists were sampling. It's how I fell in love with music.
