American,Musician
As long as you know yourself and you got good people around you and you passionate about what you do, that's all that matters because at the end of the day, you go to sleep with the people you love, you wake up with the people you love, and you spend your time with the people you love.
The best career advice I've gotten is to stay focused, keep moving forward.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do, you'll be successful.
Tattoos, for me, are like a timeline of my life. I could look at a certain tattoo, and it reminds of me of a certain time in my life and why I got that tattoo.
God puts us in places. It's for you to make the decision whether you go left or right.
I try to be cool with everybody, but sometimes, everybody just has different personalities, motives, and different characters.
I never wanted to be that fad type of artist. When I looked up to artists, watching TV, I wanted to see somebody. I wanted to touch that person. I wanted to sound like them. I wanted to move like them. That' s what I want my fans to do. So that's why, everything that I do, the music I make, how I dress, it's all based off my lifestyle.
When I go home and get off tour, I'd like to have a peace of mind. I like to chill. I don't like everything to be all chaotic like how it is when I step outside, you know?
I have a lot of tattoos. I probably have over 100 tattoos. I don't know. It's just a mural... a collage.
I don't like Drake as a person. He's just fake to me.
Sour Patch, Swedish Fish. I love candy, man. I can't go without candy. And when I'm recording, I always have a TV on with cartoons - on mute, though. When I'm recording, I like to look at the TV now and then and see some crazy, wacky stuff. When you're thinking creative, it just keeps you creative. Everybody got their way of making music.
I'm a creative person, and I've got a lot of ideas. People probably thought that my mentality was quick fame because I made 'Rack City' and it blew up fast, but I have over 1,000 songs recorded.
When something is so damaged or something is just not right, you can't fix it in a moment. The only thing is time.
I think, whatever makes you happy in life, you gotta do it. You can't plan in life too much.
I've always been a fan of Saint Laurent because I like how their jeans fit on me, but as far as high fashion, I don't wear too much high fashion. I like more streetwear and baggier stuff.
I'm just not a messy person... I don't look for pleasure in social media.
I dropped out of high school when I was, like, 15, so I just focused on doing music. It's all I wanted to do; I didn't want to work or anything else. I took all the negativity and obstacles that came with life, and I just put it in the music.
I only like people to know what I want them to know. People didn't know what Tupac was doing. That's why he was so iconic.
I can make any type of music, so I wouldn't want to describe myself as having one type of sound. I think music is about keeping it diverse.
You go to Miami, and you might only hear one Tyga song on the radio. You go to L.A., and you might hear six or seven on the radio. There's certain things you do for your city.
I think whenever you're around Kanye, you gotta take notes. The advice is taking notes, because everything he does and everything he says is very detailed and very up front. He's always one hundred what he says.
You can't live for other people, you know? You gotta live for yourself and better the people around you and make an impact.
I feel like too many people on the West Coast, they're too needy. They feel they need Snoop or Game. I never did any tracks with any West Coast artists. Not because I didn't want to, but because I didn't feel like that's what I had to do in order to get on. I just did music.
I've always treated my career like independent. Everything that I got is because of myself, my own endorsements, my own touring myself.
At the end of the day, people have the right to have opinions. I have the right to have an opinion. And I have the right to say what I want on my music 'cause it's my music. If you don't like it, don't click on it, don't download it.
I'm making music that I love and I want to hear. At the same time, things like making money, making crazy money - you gotta find ways to reach to everybody but uplift everybody.
