American,Model
Self-love has very little to do with how you feel about your outer self. It's about accepting all of yourself.
I love the confidence that makeup gives me.
Stop saying these negative things about yourself. Look in the mirror and find something about yourself that's positive and celebrate that!
You don't have to have a ring on your finger to say, 'I love you.'
Global warming will threaten our crops, so natural food will be scarce. Hourglass, curvy bodies will be the aspirational beauty standard, representing that those women have access to bounties of fulfilling yet healthy food, which means they are affluent.
Don't save bold lashes and red lips for nighttime - do it in the day!
One thing my mom used to tell me was to look to the other side, and know that my present is not going to be everything. So if I'm having a bad day, she goes, 'Just imagine tomorrow. This is going to be over. This is going to be done with.'
I am learning how to delegate and how to empower people.
I think I'm too young to be a mogul. I think I'm too young for that.
I've helped some of my classmates on how to strategize to get to the next level of their businesses. And it's interesting, because here I am sitting there from the entertainment industry and the fashion industry, and I'm giving a billionaire that has a business that's been in his family for 300 years - I'm giving him advice about strategy!
I know I'm an overachiever, and I'm not apologetic about it.
I used to have this joke: 'Every hallway is a runway.'
I don't know how to be sexy on a date. Put up a camera and a wind machine, and I'll give you sexy. Put me at a dinner table with some candlelight and the moon shining in and, oh, I will give you dork.
It's so important to understand your good attendance ups your chances of graduating.
I don't have the best self esteem; mine wavers month to month, but I know how to pick myself up.
I love all kinds of bread. Whenever I crave junk food, I want salty things like peanuts or potato chips.
You've got to learn to accept the fool in you as well as the part that's got it goin' on.
Flaws are awesome - so, 'flawsome!' I love making up a word.
On 'America's Next Top Model,' I mentor girls on television. When that TV goes off, I actually mentor other girls in the modeling industry - girls that have not been on 'Top Model,' but who appear in 'Vogue' worldwide.
The fire to inspire women and help them to blaze new paths fiercely burns inside of me.
Rihanna told me her parents used to argue so intensely, she used to get these headaches, these migraines that were almost not even treatable with medicine. The moment her parents separated, her migraines went away.
Don't contour with blush - that's so eighties. It was an amazing trend then, but it's not hot now. Instead, go for a neutral contour color that's one or two shades deeper than your skin tone.
There's no excuse for rudeness.
Being first lady is not just about being the wife but really taking command and having true vision.
Paris is one of the most beautiful places in all the world. Unfortunately, I was so homesick I couldn't appreciate its beauty.
There's always going to be dreams and goals I have, but I never really tell people what they are.
Believe it or not, I don't wake up looking like a supermodel.
I'm frugal. I've always been this way. When I was young, my mom would give me my allowance, and I'd peel off a little each week and have some to spare.
With the whole supermodel thing, even when you're not really modeling anymore, people still call me that. And I'm like '... retired.'
I have a big forehead, and I got made fun of all time. When I was a little girl, they used to call me 'five-head.'
On 'America's Top Model,' I've always told my girls to smile with their eyes. We call it 'smizing.' Over the years, it's actually become part of pop culture. I would be walking down the street, and girls would say, 'Smize!'
I'm all about zagging when everyone else is zigging.
I am intimidated by that eyeliner in a pot. You have to take a brush and wet it and then dip it in and get it straight. It's just a mess.
Black women have always been these vixens, these animalistic erotic women. Why can't we just be the sexy American girl next door?
I've had my heart broken one too many times.
I don't want to use the term 'plus-size,' because, to me, what the hell is that? It just doesn't have a positive connotation to it. I tend to not use it.
I learned my ABCs, 1-2-3 from 'Sesame Street.'
Kate Upton is curvy and nervy.
The future is in photos for social media. More and more people are not reading, so I try to attach a photo to most Tweets.
Black women don't have the same body image problems as white women. They are proud of their bodies.
I was backstage in Paris and saw Cindy Crawford doing House Of Style. I thought, I would love to to be in control of my career.
I'm not sure exactly how gossiping about my life with my audience really helps them.
I look at myself and pick out the things I don't like. No matter how much I work out, I never get muscle tone in my butt and hip area.
I have so many goals.
My mom never taught me to be waiting for some prince on a white horse to swipe me off my feet.
I talked about adopting a baby when I was 20 years old, before it became 'hip.'
I want to be like the athletes who seem stuck in time. When you see them at 50, you say they probably can still run like a champ.
I had had an extroverted personality with a lot of friends, but when I lost the weight and grew so tall, I withdrew within myself.
I love food and feel that it is something that should be enjoyed. I eat whatever I want. I just don't overeat.
When I am full, I stop eating.
People always ask me if I'm going to stop modeling because I have started an acting career. I hope to continue to model for years to come.
I enjoy doing fashion shows and transforming myself into different looks for photo shoots.
You can't model for the rest of your life, so it is important to diversify your career.
Designers are very fickle. I never wanted to be a victim of that. You're in one minute, out the next.
I'm competitive with myself. I always try to push past my own borders.
A smart model is a good model.
From offstage until the moment I walk onstage, I constantly tweak my talk show and 'Top Model', but at the same time, I often leave my private life by the wayside.
It's not like I want to hop on a bandwagon, because I said it 15 years ago - bringing a child into your life who is not genetically yours is one of the most beautiful things you can do. But I'm also interested in having my own baby, too.
I don't go to the cool, trendy restaurants. I go to either the holes in the wall or the super-fancy restaurants where there are no cool people.
I loved planning 'The Tyra Show' more than actually having to do it. I loved coming up with show ideas, honing each program and crafting it. I'm more excited being in a meeting than being on TV.
Smiles come naturally to me, but I started thinking of them as an art form at my command. I studied all the time. I looked at magazines, I'd practice in front of the mirror and I'd ask photographers about the best angles. I can now pull out a smile at will.
I made my living being 20 or 30 pounds heavier than the average model. And that's where I got famous.
Journalists told me that a talk show wouldn't work. Some told me I was going to get canceled before my first season was up.
My fingers used to hurt really bad when I played guitar. I stopped because of it.
I'm a perfectionist. Sometimes I have to remind myself that it's okay if there are flaws here and there.
When I think about moguls, I think like Donald Trump who... owns NYC practically. That's a mogul. I feel like I'm on my way to a lot more, but mogul is a really serious thing. I think it's a word that gets thrown around easily.
I don't like expensive things... I just can't help looking in a magazine for the splurge and the save.
I love being able to go to a store, let's say... a store like Topshop or Zara or maybe even Macy's, depends on what department, and not have to look at the price tag.
I feel more comfortable when I'm lighter - I sleep better, I snore less, I have more endurance when I work out, my arms look better.
I've made millions of dollars with the body I have, so where's the pain in that?
I think every woman would want to do something about their cellulite!
In high school I definitely had a clique of friends. And what I loved about it was that we were healthy and good girls.
Tyra the businesswoman is very close to - and I hate third person, but you said it, oh, chiiild, you said it - but me the businessperson and me the person: very similar. I can be in a business meeting and be all 'Wooo!' and 'Oh, child!' and still be talking revenues and profits and cash flows.
I didn't have a job because nobody would hire me. My friends were getting hired, and I couldn't even get a job interview. That really rocked my self-esteem because I didn't understand what I did wrong on those job applications.
I wanted to be a film and television writer and producer.
I think one of the biggest things that affects young women is when they hear their mothers using fat talk.
I went from being very popular and the head of the clique in the sixth grade to having, like, kid depression in the seventh grade. Not leaving the house. Not looking people in the eye... My body made me feel bad at everything.
I don't have that 'OMG, I gotta get married' thing! If it happens, it happens, but it's never been like, 'Oooo, I need to do that!'
I have a lot of success and make a good living, but after while, you start going 'Why? Why are you doing all this?'
One of the big, most underlying messages for me is celebrating beauty that is not typical.
Years ago, when I first started wearing hair extensions, I would get mail from young girls, or young girls would come up to me and they would say, 'Tyra you have the most beautiful hair, like I could never grow hair like that!' And I would say 'Child, this is a weave!'
Who would have thought that the girl who was forced to go to the hospital because she's so skinny would one day be called too fat?
I know the pain of somebody who's too thin and the pain of somebody that people say is too big.
I always feel great when I don't have clothes on.
I have worn fake hair since I was 17 years old.
My natural hair texture is very kinky.
The one thing I like about being a celebrity more than anything is being able to get into any restaurant I want.
I'm not led by money, because if that's the case, I can throw my name on everything and have a million-dollar company.
What keeps me up at night? Sometimes it's day-to-day work stuff. And a lot of the times, it's, 'Am I making the wrong decisions in terms of reaching young women?'
I wear my age with pride.
When I was not connected with someone, I didn't get asked out that often.
My freshman year, I ran for student class president and lost. The next year, I ran for student class vice president, and I won.
I think the rise of Asian models is an absolutely beautiful thing.
What I don't like to see is when models of different races come in and out of fashion.
I have a lot of bad days.
I created 'America's Next Top Model' one-hundred percent. I was in my kitchen making tea one morning, and I looked out the window, and the idea popped into my head. I wanted it to be 'American Idol' meets 'Ford Supermodel of the Year' meets 'The Real World.'
Whenever someone says I'm the next Oprah, I always respond, 'Child, there's only one Mahogany, and only one Oprah.' There are no others.
I look up to Martha Stewart, and I love that she has product lines that are true extensions of her brand.
There have been top supermodels in the past that weren't as tall as the industry demands, like fashion icon Kate Moss.
I'm very human.
With 'America's Next Top Model,' I've always cast girls who the industry might call 'plus size' but I like to call 'fiercely real.' That was always important to me.
As I look into the future, I see radical changes in both how people 'attain beauty,' and how the world perceives beauty. In general, I believe traditional beauty will be less valuable - and more uniqueness will be heralded.
I don't have to have a child come from my womb to have a connection. Children that are already born are beautiful to me. I can definitely be a mother to them.
I've wanted to adopt since I was eight, nine years old. I really do think I will.
Moms, you are the first and most influential role model in your girl's life. Use that power.
Even when I was a teen model, I didn't think it was fair that I had to enter the acting world to get insurance.
I would love for models to be protected by a guild.
Blue and green eyes will be so common that dark brown will become the rare and newly desired eye color.
I think we should be unapologetic that we excel - and look beautiful while doing it.
I think people are way less judgmental about chunky guys.
A while ago I said that, 'You know, I like a guy - he doesn't have to be all rich and famous - he can be normal.' And I remember I was walking in the mall, and this guy was like, 'Tyra, I'm normal. I live with my mama. I ain't got a car and I ain't got a job! I'm real normal.' And I'm like, 'That's not normal - that's a loser!'
I was embarrassed when a businessman friend asked, 'What's the yearly budget of your talk show? What's the per-episode budget?' And I looked at him with these blank, typical-model eyes and said, 'I don't know.' I call myself a businesswoman, and I don't know that?
I have a poverty demon. I'll ask my accountant if I can afford something, and he'll say, 'What are you talking about?'
Us brown-skinned girls get ashy if we don't moisturize.
When I'm coming offstage after my show, I'm thinking about what's on my TiVo.
I grew up wearing a uniform to school, and now I have my stylist come to my apartment and create outfits for me to wear. Otherwise, I'd never get dressed.
'Modelland' has always been a part of my mind and my heart. I'm excited that you'll be able to read about this magical world that's been living in my dreams for so many years.
I look up to Walt Disney and what he has done.
If I tried to start modeling right now, I wouldn't be a supermodel because it's all about celebrity.
My most difficult class at Harvard Business School would have to be finance.
Screw being a singer! I wanna be the voice of my generation with my talk show.
I do look at 'Modelland' as a franchise.
I always had a passion to write as a young girl.
Every woman has... self doubt.
I love daytime television.
I don't believe in diets.
I don't think cellulite is great - that's not a flaw that I want in a photo by any means! I retouch that crap out. But I tell women that I'm retouching it out.
I did an episode on my talk show on cellulite, and I brought seven women into a dressing room at Nordstrom's in L.A., and we all sat and talked about our cellulite.
I ain't no cougar.
'Vogue' has the power to make and break - whether it's fashion trends, designers, models, and yes, even industry practices.
Sometimes you gotta leave when you're on top.
I went to school for me - I didn't do it to make any sort of statement. So the very first year I was in school, I wasn't there under my own name. It was very incognito.
I'm very comfortable speaking to millions of people, but not comfortable in a small, intimate social setting. Like cocktail hour. I get very panicky.
I think of dystopian as 'Mad Max,' as 'Book of Eli,' as the world is ending.
I love Roald Dahl.
I love Boston; it's like Paris.
I'm not in a position to tell heavy people anything.
I'm a lover of fashion websites.
When I went to Paris after graduating high school, I saw a model who was 12 years old without any supervision. That wouldn't happen in the acting world.
I really want to leave something behind that means something when I'm no longer here.
I've made mistakes before of doing different projects just based on my dreams, my hopes, my thing, and not really thinking about my customers.
If you can think psychographically and not demographically, you can really target a lot more audiences.
Sephora is fantastic. I go in there. I get lost. There are so many great things in there.
Let's have fun at work.
I would love to do Rihanna's makeup. I love her cupid's bow!
I'm obsessed by Instagram.
Sometimes I'll use four or five different photo apps on one photo just to get it where I want it to be.
Just because you don't know if other people are experiencing the same thing as you are, it doesn't mean that it's not happening. Everybody doesn't necessarily share everything. Just know that what you're going through, other people are going through it, too.
I have scars on the backs of my arms from dressers in Paris scraping me with pins as I was taking a shirt or gown off.
I tend to hang out with my friends in Los Angeles from high school. We know each other from back in the day. They still see me as just dumb Tyra. We have a strong bond.
I have a long list of different smiles that you can do, and every model should be equipped. Everybody can't handle the long list... That's for, you know, advanced.
The creation of my cosmetics experience has been years in the making.
My mom was a medical photographer, but on the side, she did a before-and-after glam photography business in the house. She would do makeup and hair - and I was her assistant.
I went through an obsession with eyebrows. I used to paint my eyebrows really, really strong. I look back now, and some were a little bit strong.
I know some women are intimidated by makeup.
The president of Victoria's Secret promised me a lifetime supply of Victoria's Secret products, even after I decided to leave the company. But once I left, he only let me have it for a year. So I have a bone to pick.
I gave myself a year to be a supermodel. And I said, 'If it doesn't happen, I'm going back to school.'
I don't think me walking away from modeling was scary for me. In hindsight, I think it was very risky, when you talk about risk. Because it paid the bills.
Dab - don't rub - cream formulas onto your skin. Rubbing washes out the color, so do that only if you've put on too much.
A size 16 can be the best shape for you, and you can be healthy.
I used to want to write commercials as a kid.
I'm always looking at how I can be atypical.
I don't think I'll always be on television.
I'm not afraid of wanting money at all. Money will give me more power to do things that are truer to my spirit than what I'm already doing.
Working women, moms, students, they don't have a lot of time to spend on their faces.
I'm obsessed with making women look and feel more beautiful than they ever thought possible.
I used to say in interviews that I don't necessarily want to be the first black woman or first model to do certain things; I just want to see it done.
I actually studied with The Groundlings.
Not wearing make-up? I can do it, and don't think twice.
I do consider myself a feminist, yeah. Totally.
I would not recommend a teen getting into modeling if they're not solid when it comes to their grades and school. That comes first. My mother always told me that came first.
I'm obsessed with the theme parks and themed restaurants, I love it!
I'm a big fan of Lady Gaga.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner have the exact same eyes.
It's kind of embarrassing, but in my early 20s, I used to want to be a princess. But I didn't want to have to marry somebody in order to do it!
Michelle Obama, you're one hot mama.
When I was a model, they called me 'Tyra;' now it's 'Ms. Banks.'
I just think, as a model, it's taught me to be a master of deception and illusion.
I get so much mail from young women saying that they are so insecure when they look at me, but they don't realize all of the flaws that I have.
I became a victim of mean girls. I became the victim of myself.
