American,Author
A truly strong person does not need the approval of others any more than a lion needs the approval of sheep.
What you really want for yourself is always trying to break through, just as a cooling breeze flows through an open window on a hot day. Your part is to open the windows of your mind.
Humanity appreciates truth about as much as a squirrel appreciates silver.
Start your day in a upward direction, and the rest of the day will follow the uphill path.
Never fear to deliberately walk through dark places, for that is how you reach the light on the other side.
Learn to see things as they really are, not as we imagine they are.
The great solution to all human problems is individual inner transformation.
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need.
Just be honest with yourself. That opens the door.
It is a true miracle when a man finally sees himself as his only opposition.
A certain number of people seek power over other people in a desperate attempt to find themselves. They fail, for self-discovery is spiritual in nature, not social or political. Authoritatively telling other people what to do is their distraction from an inner emptiness they can never fill.
Some folks hesitate to seize additional strength because they think it wrong or dangerous to be a powerful individual. Somehow they have acquired the false notion that tyranny or dictatorship or cruelty are the outcomes of a powerful personality. These characteristics are not power. They are weaknesses disguised as power.
Do not resist a new idea. Be quietly receptive. Go along with it, even unwillingly at first. Sooner or later, it will reveal itself as your ally.
Your friends will be as careless with your life as they are with their own.
Truth never pleads or compromises or wavers. It invites and awaits your acceptance.
Evil is an attack against human spiritual development and enlightenment. All evil, badness, neurosis - it has one motive and one motive only, which is to destroy - to destroy your chance of arising above yourself.
All forms of self-defeating behavior are unseen and unconscious, which is why their existence is denied.
Truth is not a matter of personal viewpoint.
Question the motives of those who make requests of you. Discover what they really want. You may not want to give it.
It is not the strong who are dangerous to the world and to themselves. It is the weak and the inadequate who threaten - and sometimes destroy - mankind's peace and prosperity.
Evil wants you to think that its power is absolute, endless. It wants to so make you quake and quiver that all you'll do is fall down and worship it.
When you're young, you don't have much sense. You don't have any reasoning power. You don't have any ability to take a blow, an insult, a hurt in the right way. There is no way a child can do that. All a child can do is feel the pang of it, the heartache of it.
The best way to start doing something is to start doing something.
Study carefully the law of cause and effect.
Beauty is only skin deep, but it's a valuable asset if you're poor or haven't any sense.
Quit thinking that you must halt before the barrier of inner negativity. You need not. You can crash through... whatever we see a negative state, that is where we can destroy it.
You can't come into this world without becoming its victim.
The following terms all mean one and the same thing: God, goodness, mental health, truth, decency, happiness, freedom, reality, peace, love, sensibleness.
