American,Comedian
I wanted to study to be a dental hygienist, marry a rich dentist, and hang it up.
When the opportunity came along to do 'Win, Lose or Draw,' I took it selfishly to find out if I did enjoy being me on camera. And I did that for the last two years I was doing 'Mama's Family.'
I think the Mama people remember is from 'Mama's Family.' She really turned into a pretty cool character. The sketches from the 'Burnett' show, if people are old enough to remember, were written by writers who all hated their mothers.
I feel it is time to lighten up and laugh about things and enjoy ourselves a little bit more.
Dick Clark and I had such a hysterical relationship with each other.
It's special to have people see you and tell you, 'You make me laugh.' That makes me feel good. I think if you have the talent to do it, it's your duty to pass it on.
That's my opportunity to hide behind that old lady and say what I want to say.
The fun part for me is to just really push that envelope.
Things have always sort of happened for me. Something else always comes up.
I often feel like I could fall off the face of the Earth. As long as 'Mama' was around, nobody would really miss me. People really think of her as an actual person. People all the time see me and ask, 'Where's Mama?' Like she should be with me.
I always tell people I went to the Harvard School of Comedy in front of America.
I didn't plan on going into show business. Show business picked me. And it's been fun. One of the best things about being in show business is people think they know me, and they feel like they grew up with me.
Tim Conway was a little different from the rest. He was always in the back of the studio building something with the prop man, rewriting his lines, or plotting our demise.
Life is much too serious to be taken seriously.
I was married for 10 minutes into a Southern family.
I feel like my life has been very serendipitous and really kind of humorous. Everything that's happened to me has been like an, 'Omigod, are you kidding me?'
I never intended to be in show business; I intended to be an extremely grounded person.
I went to UCLA, my dad's alma mater, and that was his dream.
Everyone has a crazy old lady in their family like 'Mama.' No one ever comes up to me and says 'Mama' is just like them, so no one is ever offended by her. Even young people like to laugh at her. I think she helps kids appreciate their own grandmothers more.
Even though I was in close proximity to everything, it never really dawned on me to pursue a career in show business.
I do love pasta. It gets me into trouble. If I could give up pasta and bread, I'd look like Cate Blanchett.
I think the older you get, the more 'let's cut to the chase' you get, 'let's quit quibbling about this, let's tell it like it is.'
Everybody just told me from the day I went into high school that I looked like Carol Burnett.
I think for people that are dealing with this out there, the important thing to know is that this is real. It's called CIU, and there are solutions out there for you.
I go out and speak to women's groups all the time, and I say, 'Guys, you gotta laugh and find the humor in things. You gotta pass it on.'
We all know him: everybody has an Archie Bunker in their family, so you love to laugh at him, and you never take it personally; everybody just has a ball laughing at him.
I think I'm pretty average. Typical.
There's nobody telling Oprah what to do. There's no one telling David Letterman what he can and can't do. You've got to have 100 percent support from everybody who's behind the show, across the board.
What I learned was that celebrities come to me with a preconceived notion. They think I'm fun, or they've worked with me, or they know me, or we've met. So there's a lot of backstuff on the 'Vicki!' show.
It took me a lot of years on the 'Burnett' show to feel like I had earned the privilege to play in the sandbox with the grown-ups.
The thing that everybody loves about the 'Burnett Show' was that you felt like you were really there - all that fun stuff stayed in the show, and I think that's why everybody remembers it so fondly because that just doesn't happen anymore on television.
I think the audience keeps it fresh for me. You just never know - every audience has its own personality.
Everyone has fond memories of 'The Carol Burnett Show' and the characters we did.
'Mama's Family' was kind of like everyone's guilty pleasure.
I much prefer doing comedy. I get a little paranoid when the audience is not laughing.
Harvey Korman was like a private tutor to me. He was such a mentor.
I had a hit talk show. I just wasn't working for the right people.
My fans were probably the most therapeutic thing for me.
I don't know how anyone could stop working.
I don't care about making a fool of myself on stage anymore. I don't care what people think.
I was trying to be Mary Tyler Moore. I loved her in 'The Dick Van Dyke Show.'
I was really a shy kid.
I've been at it since 1967, and I still love it. There is nothing quite like making people laugh.
It's always good to play tennis with a better player to bring out the best in you.
I am no prude, but when I watch comedy, I ask myself, 'Who wrote this? A teenage boy in the locker room?'
When I started on the 'Burnett' show, I was just out of high school, and when we went off the air, I was 28 years old, married with two kids. At that point I felt I really wanted to be mommy to my children. But I found that after a year and a half, I really missed the part of myself that was an actress.
When you've got kids, you turn into Mom, and that's it.
I found that I need to work, and I wouldn't have known that if I hadn't taken the time off.
I went to Vietnam during the Vietnam War to visit all the troops. We would fly into a hospital and serve mess to the guys, and we ate whatever they were eating. Then we slept there and flew out the next day to little bases where there were maybe 10 or 20 guys. Then we flew to another hospital.
My dad planned a road trip every summer, so we always did the road trip. We did the Eastern Seaboard and learned about the history of the United States.
We did a lot of those road trips, all the mandatory stuff that you should when you're a kid, like Mount Rushmore and the Grand Canyon and the Sequoias and the western coast.
When I hosted 'Win, Lose or Draw,' it was always fascinating to me that no one knew where anything was when they had to draw a destination.
When I first got an outbreak of hives, I tried everything to find relief. I felt like no one understood what I was going through.
I was lucky to have my allergist who diagnosed me with CIU.
CIU is not something to just tolerate. It's important to find an allergist or dermatologist who can work with you to help manage your condition.
I want to be open about my condition to show others that they are not alone in dealing with this form of chronic hives. My advice for people with CIU is to talk to their doctor about their condition.
It's just kinda what I did: played crazy old ladies.
We all have somebody that sits down at the Thanksgiving table and says the most outrageous things, and you're doin' the dishes with your sister, and you're like, 'Omigod, can you believe she said that?'
RuPaul knew details of the 'Burnett Show' that even surprised me.
I've really enjoyed doing 'Annie Get Your Gun' and loved Neil Simon stuff like 'Chapter Two.'
I never got to Broadway. I would love to do that.
I remember being totally enamored with Sid Caesar.
I've always thought George Carlin was brilliant.
There is no such thing as a perfect mother.
I am interested in a lot of the same things people are interested in. I am trying to raise kids without them self-destructing. I am trying to hold the marriage together, and I am trying to take off the same 10 pounds everyone else is.
I am opinionated and want to be part of the conversations.
I hear from many a man around Halloween that's dressed up as Mama for Halloween. It's a great costume.
