American,Scientist
Quality is everyone's responsibility.
If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.
A bad system will beat a good person every time.
It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and then do your best.
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
Quality is pride of workmanship.
Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival.
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.
Research shows that the climate of an organization influences an individual's contribution far more than the individual himself.
Eliminate numerical quotas, including Management by Objectives.
People with targets and jobs dependent upon meeting them will probably meet the targets - even if they have to destroy the enterprise to do it.
We are here to make another world.
Hold everybody accountable? Ridiculous!
The result of long-term relationships is better and better quality, and lower and lower costs.
'Quality' means what will sell and do a customer some good - at least try to.
The big problems are where people don't realise they have one in the first place.
The emphasis should be on why we do a job.
If you do not know how to ask the right question, you discover nothing.
What should be the aim of management? What is their job? Quality is the responsibility of the top people. Its origin is in the boardroom. They are the ones who decide.
Rational behavior requires theory. Reactive behavior requires only reflex action.
Innovation comes from the producer - not from the customer.
Whenever there is fear, you will get wrong figures.
If you don't understand how to run an efficient operation, new machinery will just give you new problems of operation and maintenance. The sure way to increase productivity is to better administrate man and machine.
In Japan, a company worker's position is secure. He is retrained for another job if his present job is eliminated by productivity improvement.
All anyone asks for is a chance to work with pride.
When a system is stable, telling the worker about mistakes is only tampering.
