American,Athlete
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me. You taught me the game and you taught me how to play it right.
I played the game one way. I gave it everything I had. It doesn't take any ability to hustle.
In life, so many things are taken for granted, but one thing I can honestly say is that I took every day, enjoyed the game of putting on that uniform and playing the great game of baseball.
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life.
One guy that I wish was here right now, Ted Williams, helped me so much, our long talks, not about hitting but about fishing, one of Ted's passions, and I wish he was here today to share this with me because I owe so much to Ted Williams.
Looking back on those days and little leaguer, the Hall of Fame is not even a blinking star, but through baseball travels and moving up the ladder, that star begins to flicker.
This journey started about 42 years ago in a little town of Brunswick, Georgia.
My God... What are the headlines going to be like on Monday if the Yankees don't make the playoffs?
I have a message for the young kids. Life is about obstacles, endeavors in life are not to be overlooked.
I didn't get over 1300 walks without knowing the strike zone.
Humbled by the fact that never in a million years would I ever thought that I would be on the same stage with all these great Hall of Famers and enshrined to the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
The owner of the New York Yankees, Mr. George Steinbrenner who I had the greatest respect for, I want to thank him for giving me the opportunity to win that special ring in 1996.
Then there's Johnny Pesky, hit me countless number of ground balls and improved my fielding so much.
