American,Poet
Perhaps the truth depends on a walk around the lake.
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
The day of the sun is like the day of a king. It is a promenade in the morning, a sitting on the throne at noon, a pageant in the evening.
We say God and the imagination are one... How high that highest candle lights the dark.
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.
A poet looks at the world the way a man looks at a woman.
The way through the world is more difficult to find than the way beyond it.
A poem need not have a meaning and like most things in nature often does not have.
Death is the mother of Beauty; hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.
The only emperor is the emperor of ice cream.
Accuracy of observation is the equivalent of accuracy of thinking.
Everything is complicated; if that were not so, life and poetry and everything else would be a bore.
After the final no there comes a yes and on that yes the future of the world hangs.
What our eyes behold may well be the text of life but one's meditations on the text and the disclosures of these meditations are no less a part of the structure of reality.
Thought is an infection. In the case of certain thoughts, it becomes an epidemic.
In poetry, you must love the words, the ideas and the images and rhythms with all your capacity to love anything at all.
I do not know which to prefer, The beauty of inflections, Or the beauty of innuendoes, The blackbird whistling, Or just after.
Nothing could be more inappropriate to American literature than its English source since the Americans are not British in sensibility.
To regard the imagination as metaphysics is to think of it as part of life, and to think of it as part of life is to realize the extent of artifice. We live in the mind.
The imagination is man's power over nature.
The point of vision and desire are the same.
Intolerance respecting other people's religion is toleration itself in comparison with intolerance respecting other people's art.
Money is a kind of poetry.
One cannot spend one's time in being modern when there are so many more important things to be.
One's ignorance is one's chief asset.
Most people read poetry listening for echoes because the echoes are familiar to them. They wade through it the way a boy wades through water, feeling with his toes for the bottom: The echoes are the bottom.
