American,Businessman
Many activities and team play participation will give you a training that will prove invaluable later on in life.
Too much work, too much vacation, too much of any one thing is unsound.
Never buy four C-plus paintings when you can buy one A.
When we hold back out of laziness, that is when we tie ourselves into knots of boredom.
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated.
All I ever seek from good deeds is a measure of respect.
It is not easy to find something that will intrigue and bind your interest and enthusiasm. This you must seek for yourself.
My country has been very good to me; I must be good to my country.
I didn't want to be greedy. It's a mark of bad character and I always believed that pigs go the slaughterhouse.
The greatest power is not money power, but political power.
Accomplish something every day of your life.
People who think about art as an investment are pathetic.
The greatest happiness comes from being vitally interested in something that excites all your energies.
Your Majesty, I took the liberty because I was so desirous of visiting alone with you for a few minutes before the rest of the other peasants arrived.
Adversity tests us from time to time and it is inevitable that this testing continues during life.
Carter's done a lot more good since he's been out of the White House than when he was in it.
Don't worry about it. Babe Ruth struck out on occasion, too.
Everybody around the world wants to send their kids to our universities. But nobody wants to send their kids here to public school.
Few things are as essential as education.
God grant you the strength to fight off the temptations of surrender.
I cannot compromise or inhibit my independence.
I didn't feel the Depression at all. I always had a pocketful of money.
I have very little respect for Nancy Reagan. There is something about her that is very petty.
I shall participate, I shall contribute, and in so doing, I will be the gainer.
I thought Nixon was getting ganged up on, but when I heard the tapes, I was shocked and terribly saddened.
I'd heard he was good, and what the hell sense does it make not to hire somebody because of their color?
