American,Cartoonist
If you can dream it, you can do it.
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
Our heritage and ideals, our code and standards - the things we live by and teach our children - are preserved or diminished by how freely we exchange ideas and feelings.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse.
Movies can and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood.
You're dead if you aim only for kids. Adults are only kids grown up, anyway.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood at a time when business fortunes of my brother Roy and myself were at lowest ebb and disaster seemed right around the corner.
Animation offers a medium of story telling and visual entertainment which can bring pleasure and information to people of all ages everywhere in the world.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
Animation can explain whatever the mind of man can conceive. This facility makes it the most versatile and explicit means of communication yet devised for quick mass appreciation.
There is more treasure in books than in all the pirate's loot on Treasure Island.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.
Whenever I go on a ride, I'm always thinking of what's wrong with the thing and how it can be improved.
We believed in our idea - a family park where parents and children could have fun- together.
All cartoon characters and fables must be exaggeration, caricatures. It is the very nature of fantasy and fable.
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.
We have created characters and animated them in the dimension of depth, revealing through them to our perturbed world that the things we have in common far outnumber and outweigh those that divide us.
I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life... it's money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true.
I try to build a full personality for each of our cartoon characters - to make them personalities.
I started, actually, to make my first animated cartoon in 1920. Of course, they were very crude things then and I used sort of little puppet things.
