American,Activist
What gunpowder did for war the printing press has done for the mind.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct; moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
The heart is the best reflective thinker.
The labor movement means just this: it is the last noble protest of the American people against the power of incorporated wealth.
What is defeat? Nothing but education. Nothing but the first step to something better.
What the Puritans gave the world was not thought, but action.
Debt is the fatal disease of republics, the first thing and the mightiest to undermine governments and corrupt the people.
Seldom ever was any knowledge given to keep, but to impart; the grace of this rich jewel is lost in concealment.
Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty; power is ever stealing from the many to the few.
Two kinds of men generally best succeed in political life; men of no principle, but of great talent; and men of no talent, but of one principle - that of obedience to their superiors.
Insurrection of thought always precedes insurrection of arms.
Aristocracy is always cruel.
To be as good as our fathers we must be better, imitation is not discipleship.
Every step of progress the world has made has been from scaffold to scaffold, and from stake to stake.
To hear some men talk of the government, you would suppose that Congress was the law of gravitation, and kept the planets in their places.
We live under a government of men and morning newspapers.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living.
Truth is one forever absolute, but opinion is truth filtered through the moods, the blood, the disposition of the spectator.
Difference of religion breeds more quarrels than difference of politics.
Governments exist to protect the rights of minorities. The loved and the rich need no protection: they have many friends and few enemies.
If you want to be an orator, first get your great cause.
One on God's side is a majority.
Many know how to flatter, few know how to praise.
Christianity is a battle not a dream.
