American,Musician
If you are a chef, no matter how good a chef you are, it's not good cooking for yourself; the joy is in cooking for others - it's the same with music.
You can rule ignorance; you can manipulate the illiterate; you can do whatever you want when a people are uneducated, so that goes in line with corrupt business and corrupt politics.
It should be mandatory that you understand computer science.
If you really want change, you really want it to be inclusive, where everyone's included, otherwise you're just going to have more of the same in the future.
My attention span is very short.
I'm fascinated with quantum physics.
When you follow your heart, you're never supposed to do things because of what you think people might say. You do it for the opposite reasons.
If I didn't mould my reality then I'd still be in the ghetto where people like me are supposed to stay. You have to dream your way out of the nightmare.
Hip-hop culture is probably one of the most powerful things to come out of America in a long time - everything from the music to the art to the dance to the language.
I was born and raised in the ghetto, on welfare, two minutes from homeless.
You know, I do music. If you look under the hood of the industry I'm in, it's all based on technology. From radio to phonographs to CDs, it's all technology. Microphones, reel-to-reels, cameras, editing, chips, it's all technology.
There's no chivalry in culture any more. Sometimes you meet someone who everyone says is polite and you're like, 'Wow,' but then it's like, 'Hang on, isn't everyone supposed to be polite?'
I have a pro tools rig that I carry in my backpack.
I was born and raised in East Los Angeles by a single mom who had three biological kids and adopted four more. I never met my dad.
Disco is the first technology music. And what I mean is that 'disco' music is named after discs, because when technology grew to where they didn't need a band in the clubs, the DJ played it on a disc.
There's an entry point to any relationship.
Electro is today's disco - making electronic music not for the sake of selling it but for sharing it and touring around the world D.J.-ing.
When you're a corporation, you're going to stick with what works. That's why every McDonald's is the same.
I know people in gangs; I could have went down that route.
Love lasts forever.
If you live in a ghetto and really want not to just change your life and your family's life but change your ghetto's life, make your ghetto a good neighbourhood, learn science; try to be like Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.
There are five issues that make a fist of a hand that can knock America out cold. They're lack of jobs, obesity, diabetes, homelessness, and lack of good education.
Romantic love is painful.
Kids today aren't listening to music audio-only. They're picking up a CD and looking at the lyric sheet and wondering why the pictures aren't moving around. Who wants to do that? It's like Bam Bam Flintstone hanging with the dinosaurs vs. Elroy Jetson who's flying around space. If I'm a kid, I wanna be kicking it with Elroy.
Most kids are not dreaming of being programmers, scientists or engineers.
If you know how to freestyle, you will never have writer's block.
If Apple's a technology company in the music industry, why can't somebody in the music industry make technology?
Why shouldn't a child look to want to be a political figure, to change our nation, to lead us the right directions?
I don't have political agendas. I have social agendas.
I've got Republican fans. Republicans like the Black Eyed Peas.
I will not start an initiative until I've spent my own money. Because if I spend my own money, people who want to get on board afterwards know that I am serious about it.
We all rely on technology to communicate, to survive, to do our banking, to shop, to get informed, but none of us knows how to read and write the code.
When you think about the guys who started Twitter, and the Google guys, and the Facebook guys and the Napster guys, and the Microsoft guys, and the Dell guys and the Instagram guys, it's all guys. The girls, they're being left behind.
I remember when I was 19, it was pretty tough.
We need creative people working with broadcasters, making smart content to inspire people to be geniuses.
I have ADHD. I'll admit it.
I've got all this stuff in my head at the same time as I'm doing stuff and I don't know how to stop or slow down.
If you listen to the songs I write, they are the most ADHD songs ever. They have five hooks in one and it all happens in three minutes.
If countries were people, England and France would be old men. Italy would be dead. Compared with them, America is in its 20s.
Traveling in Europe made me understand that America has an island mentality: No one exists except us. There's a whole other world out there, but most Americans - all they know is America, the marketing plan.
America has to be not just an idea but a living, breathing thing.
I'm like a mama's boy and stuff.
Every single song that I've listened to is in my memory forever.
The music industry isn't converging toward dance music. Dance music is dance music. It's been around since disco - and way before disco. But there's different versions of dance music.
Hip-hop was fast, originally. It was always fast music.
When the music industry started collapsing, the logical people understood that the only place to go for shelter was the underground. If the world on the surface is burning up, and you know people that have bunkers, go to the bunkers.
Tom Jones is like igloo-cool.
I don't know what silence sounds like anymore.
I feel my personality is richer than my bank account. So if I meet a girl, maybe first she just likes me because I'm rich. But then she's gonna get to know me and say, 'Screw the money.'
My mom's never been married. I've never even seen my mom kiss a dude.
Not many people give you a vision of what the future will bring.
Releasing an album on a major label is like sending a package through Fed Ex. You know that it'll get there, and you know that it'll get there on time.
If you have a vaccine or an antidote that people can benefit from, you're not going to want to keep it to yourself. You're going to want to spread that wisdom or whatever to as many people as you can, so everybody can benefit from it.
Everything affects hip-hop. The question is, how does it affect the money that corporations are going to invest to put out different kinds of hip-hop?
Coming out with records when you're in a big, successful group that plays stadiums, that's scary to come out by yourself.
'Transformers' inspired me as a kid.
You can get your money and you put it in the bank, or you can put it in the youth. You can put it in our future.
I remember when I was 11, I told my mom, 'One day I'm going to buy you a house.' And she said, 'Boy, don't you be making promises you can't keep.' I was like: 'No, Ma, it's not a promise. I'm going to buy you a house one day.'
I don't dream to be like mega crazy rich.
We have no control over the outcome of anything. Like the planet and global warming, we don't control that. If politicians want a war we don't control that. Acts of terrorism, we can't control them.
Politics are about preserving relationships at the end of the day, and it has nothing to do with the greater good for humanity. It's just all about business.
I'm good at thinking outside the box, so much that you realise it's not a box to begin with.
It's a rare combination to have someone who can write songs and sing well.
The computer allows me to execute my ideas at the speed I think them.
If you live in a good neighborhood, you drive home and there's a bank. There's grocery stores and big houses - but no motels. What that tells you psychologically is you protect your money and buy good things for your family to eat in your nice big house.
Code writers, they are my idols.
I don't follow waves or trends or emotions.
I read Twitter all the time, even though I rarely tweet.
I don't want to be on stage when I'm 57, talking about... 'Let's Get It Started.'
I don't want to hope anymore. I don't think we should hope anymore. We hoped enough. Now we have to do. We all have to do now.
Here's the problem: Profiteers haunt America, and for everything we try to control, someone's going to profit from it, more than you control it.
If you would ask my mom what books I liked growing up, I liked Dr. Seuss.
There's nothing wrong with white if it's all right.
My favorite game is Madden. That's it. I'm a Madden addict. I go at it.
There's only one type of music and that's good music, no matter what genre it is.
Philanthropy is the thing that I am really excited about, and having success means I can do more.
Philanthropy is my job.
I'd like to see Apple and Dell factories be brought to the inner cities; in every project in America, there's some factory there, and it's abandoned, and I'd like to see those factories open and bring jobs to America.
I am hip-hop!
Hip-hop is limiting itself and that also goes for editorially. Magazines and websites are the gatekeepers of what people think hip-hop is, but they actually end up limiting what hip-hop can be.
When someone is denying what they are, then that's when things start to spiral down.
I don't need anyone to validate me.
I go out partying to figure out exactly who I'm making music for. You can't just guess.
