American,Politician
Government can contribute to a shared sense of purpose on the part of the citizenry; that's its highest and best application.
In the nineteenth century, slavery was the greatest wrong, and government never stood so tall as when it was redressing that wrong.
I think coercive taxation is theft, and government has a moral duty to keep it to a minimum.
The unemployment rate is still twice as high for blacks as for whites.
Much is forgiven anyone who relieves the desperate boredom of the working press.
I have come to realize that Jesse Helms stands for everything in politics that is anathema to me.
I dare say that a majority of the American people think that having a fair hearing on an issue of importance in our relations with Mexico is extremely important to our national interest, as well as theirs.
If we have major geographic areas within our continent that have a tremendous lack of economic opportunity, we found that that is going to produce instability _ economic, political and social.
Liberals often don't see the problems, and conservatives don't see the promise, of government.
So government acts as a safeguard of our property.
Government has a role as well in what is referred to as redistributive justice.
The system that had grown up in most states is that wealthy districts with an affluent population can afford to spend a lot more on their public school systems than the poorer districts.
One of the functions of government is to act as a safeguard not just of property but of our liberties.
Government is never so noble as when it is addressing wrongs.
The courts are truly the least dangerous of the three branches of our government.
I think government has a major role to play in helping us with the pursuit of happiness.
There are several such issues where I have departed radically from the Republican orthodoxy.
Natural resources are so vast that no single individual or business is going to protect them; they don't have an incentive to.
We absolutely have to restrain concentrations of wealth in industry from spoiling the situation for everybody.
It's healthy for government to be a kind of moral catalyst, using the bully pulpit of high office.
Before my tenure, people didn't seem to think that citizens had a right to limit the size of their government.
My slogan when I ran was that there is no such thing as government money, there is only taxpayer's money, and that cut pretty deep.
I don't understand the Democrats' approach to Social Security in this country, and I'm not alone.
Micro managing anything is not a great role for government.
It's not good for government to tell people that the world owes them a living and that things are free.
I think transportation and corrections are not the first two areas that I would go looking for massive change.
