American,Author
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.
One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute.
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious.
If you're naturally kind, you attract a lot of people you don't like.
Some people are making such thorough preparation for rainy days that they aren't enjoying today's sunshine.
If we do not discipline ourselves the world will do it for us.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
The prizes go to those who meet emergencies successfully. And the way to meet emergencies is to do each daily task the best we can.
Finishing a good book is like leaving a good friend.
Many of our prayers were not answered, and for this we are now grateful.
Beware of the person who can't be bothered by details.
Something that has always puzzled me all my life is why, when I am in special need of help, the good deed is usually done by somebody on whom I have no claim.
Plenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it.
Books open your mind, broaden your mind, and strengthen you as nothing else can.
Most of us regard good luck as our right, and bad luck as a betrayal of that right.
One of the indictments of civilizations is that happiness and intelligence are so rarely found in the same person.
Next to a sincere compliment, I think I like a well-deserved and honest rebuke.
The reward of energy, enterprise and thrift is taxes.
We always admire the other person more after we've tried to do his job.
Few of us get anything without working for it.
The best sermon is preached by the minister who has a sermon to preach and not by the man who has to preach a sermon.
Setting a good example for your children takes all the fun out of middle age.
Here is the secret of inspiration: Tell yourself that thousands and tens of thousands of people, not very intelligent and certainly no more intelligent than the rest of us, have mastered problems as difficult as those that now baffle you.
Don't let ambition get so far ahead that it loses sight of the job at hand.
