American,Musician
Great musicians, you don't just hear them, you feel them. When I listen to Randy Rhoads, I feel every note. I learned a lot from him.
Another Black Label motto. That's what I think life is. It's just another bridge to cross. You ask no questions. Whatever work it is you gotta do, you gotta go over it, under it, through it, around it, to do it.
We were sitting on the bus one day and there were 5 of us hanging out. There was only one beer left in the cooler and we actually all took a little cup and split it. It was a pathetic day in a rock and roll when five grown men have to be sitting there sharing a beer.
Around my house, I won't even speak to my family unless they first address me by my official Berzerker name, Godred Crovan, Victor of Sky-Hill and Ruler of Man and the Isles. And now that I think of it, that's probably why nobody speaks to me unless it's time to feed the dogs or take out the garbage.
You have to pay attention, like with tours and expenses; you have to factor that all in. You want to play music for the rest of your life, you have to pay attention to all the things. You want to know what's always going on.
One day my wife went and saw the accountant and said she's pulling the plug. She said you guys are done. I said, how bad can it be? 10 grand? She said you're not even close. It came out to almost $50,000 in alcohol for two months.
You've got certain guys that just want to be famous and then you've got the real musicians that just love playing music.
You never toot your own horn.
I'm just worried that there's enough beer on the bus. That's the top priority at all times.
I'm excited to join my brother-in-law Ken Thomson every Tuesday night on SiriusXM to recap all of the awesome NFL action, and to find out what in the Wylde world of sports is going on.
I screwed my knee up once because I fell off the stage.
You're never going to learn everything.
We just done doing The Blessed Hellride tour and Ozzfest.
There's only one Sabbath guitarist and he is the architect for everything, Tony Iommi.
The way I look at it you can always get better.
The tours are campaigns.
That's why for Zakk Wylde's Black Label Society the colors are black and white. There are no gray issues. Life is black and it's white. There's no in-between.
Since day one my thing has always been to play the music.
Ozzy has dyslexia.
On the tour we get a case of beer on the bus every day from Ozzfest.
It's pure Black Label. It's about violence and booze. That's all it is. There is no plan.
It isn't a band. It's bigger than a band. It's a lifestyle.
If you bleed Black Label and you're going to be a man, you gotta get up there and do what you gotta do every day, relentless and as tired as you can be.
If somebody says they really like my playing I say thanks a lot.
If I'm playing with Ozzy it's just a guitar thing. But with the vocals I feel like I'm studying for the SATs.
I've messed myself up more playing music than when I played football.
