American,Soldier
Smoke the pipe of peace, bury the tomahawk, and become one nation.
I differ materially from Capt. Lewis, in my account of the numbers, manners, and morals of the Sioux.
With the dreary season in which we travelled part of the route; with our minds much more actively employed in forming resources for our preservation from famine.
There had so lately been a large force of Spanish cavalry at the village, which had made a great impression on the minds of the young men, as to their power, consequence, which my appearance with 20 infantry was by no means calculated to remove.
On no further occasion present a flag or medal to an Indian.
May Heaven be propitious, and smile on the cause of my country.
Among various demands and charges I gave them, was, that the said flag should be delivered to me, and one of the United States' flags be received and hoisted in its place.
Your former Fathers the Spaniards have now no further Authority over you.
You have already disarmed my men without my knowledge, are their arms to be returned or not?
Why cannot we correct the baneful passions, without weakening the good?
They were conspiring to desert us in the night and steal some of our horses... we engaged a spy.
The village had a mill near it, situated on the little creek, which made very good flour. The population consisted of civilized Indians, but much mixed blood.
The toute ensemble was such as to make polished society blush, when compared with these savages.
The Spanish troops returned and we could yet discover the grass beaten down in the direction which they went.
The preparations for my new voyage prevented the possiblity of my paying that attention to the correction of my errors, that I should otherwise have done.
The Pawnee chief had left the village the day after the doctor arrived, with 50 or 60 horses and many people, and had taken his course to the north of our route.
Strict justice would demand total confiscation of your property, personal imprisonment and fines.
Should I be the happy mortal destined to turn the scale of war, will you not rejoice, O my father?
Owing to the difficulty of obtaining horses, Mr. Henry returns from this place. In descending the Mississippi I will request him to pay his respects to you.
It was the wish of the Americans that their red brethren should remain peacefully round their own fires, and not embroil themselves in any disputes between the white people.
In my proper character, I am an officer of the United States Army.
If we go to Chihuahua we must be considered as prisoners of war?
If success attends my steps, honor and glory await my name-if defeat, still shall it be said we died like brave men, and conferred honor, even in death, on the American Name.
I was informed... that some... were dreaming and wished to return.
I cannot consent to be led three or four hundred leagues out of my route, without its being by force of arms.
He was a man, he always performed his promises.
