American,Actress
Beauty is when you can appreciate yourself. When you love yourself, that's when you're most beautiful.
I see the human in everyone and everything. No one is more important than anyone else; I still hang out with my high school friends.
I'm happy to just sit in a cafe and watch people. It's my favorite thing to do, for sure.
I try not to wear foundation unless I have a giant pimple, which sometimes I do. For the red carpet, I may add a brighter colored lip and darker eyes. But my standard is blush and mascara.
I'm a total weirdo and have often felt like an outcast and a freak, and I love that. It makes things so much more exciting.
When I turned 11, my dad decorated a room at the Standard hotel in Los Angeles in a '60s, Austin Powers style. There was human bowling: You run inside a giant inflatable ball and try to knock down pins. To this day, adults say it was one of the craziest parties they've ever been to.
People love teen movies because everyone can relate.
I'm pretty much a thrift shop gal. Flea markets on Sundays.
I don't really have a beauty routine. I always use coconut oil, and I always wear mascara. That's kind of it! I'm pretty simple.
When I think of my version of a role model, it's not about being the perfect Samaritan; it's just being out there and being honest and happily imperfect.
I was raised vegan. My mom would always make quinoa with squash and kale, hippie stuff like that. Now I eat meat, but I try to be conscious about where it's coming from.
I would fly to Los Angeles just for a cheeseburger with pickles and extra tomatoes from In-N-Out.
I'm a New Yorker; I've paid my dues.
My mother's a... beautiful woman, and I think, in some way, I felt intimidated by that sometimes.
Turquoise is my birthstone; I'm a Sagittarius.
I used to make my grandparents pay a dollar to watch me sing 'Grease' songs and 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' in their living room. I was always an entertainer, and I would always do all that stuff, but it slowly evolved into a career, which is great, but it wasn't a plan.
That's definitely something I've experienced my whole life - people thinking one thing and then discovering that I'm not, hopefully. So I relate to having to fight that and claim my own identity, when people are trying to throw different ones at me.
Fame has become this obsession for people, which kind of creeps me out.
I've found all of my apartments on Craigslist. I've got good Craigslist luck. I just sit on my couch and really focus on it, and I've gotten really lucky that way.
I feel like most creative people are total freaks.
I get so nervous before I go onstage - beyond butterflies!
My dad has totally taken my Cat Stevens T-shirt, but it's OK; I have his Black Flag one, and that's amazing.
The kinds of things I like with crystals are the really beautiful costume jewelry, vintage pieces, and they usually have that diamond shape.
My style is very inspired by both my parents, so we all have the same taste.
I love London; I could totally live here, actually. I'm in New York most of the time, and it really reminds me a lot of New York.
I live in Brooklyn, in Williamsburg, so I just like to wander around. Williamsburg's such a cool little neighborhood community spot.
It's superficial that people think I'm cool because I wear certain clothes and I have tattoos. The funniest part is, when they get to know me, they're always surprised by how nerdy I am.
My mom and grandmother were actresses, and I knew I was going to do this since I was super young. I would put on shows at my grandparents' house and sing 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' in the living room. I was in drama club and chorus, and I knew every word to 'Grease.'
There are a bunch of images that are thrown in our faces all the time about what we're supposed to look like at 14, 15, 16. It's confusing. I think every woman can identify with that struggle.
In the last 'Batman' movie, they told me that I couldn't get an audition for a small role they were casting because they weren't 'going urban.' It was like, 'What does that have to do with anything?'
I don't want to play everyone's best friend. I don't want to play the role of a girl struggling in the ghetto. It's not that that story isn't important, but I saw patterns, and was like, 'I don't relate to these people.'
The one thing about art is you can't question it. Everyone is looking at everyone else to find out what's cool. No one knows what's cool.
When I have trouble sleeping, I'll read, watch old episodes of 'Sex and the City,' or dance around my house. Music helps me wind down.
I like to wear shoes that are cool but also practical. The same goes for bags. Your bag is a big deal in New York. You can't just carry around a little clutch, because you don't have a car or anywhere to stash things during the day, so you need to carry your whole life with you. That's why I like big, chunky bags with lots of compartments.
I stream this radio station, Radio Nova, that's based in Paris. They curate a beautiful set that's really all over the place - they'll play blues or some West African music, then A Tribe Called Quest, then funk from Ethiopia, then James Brown, and then the Beatles. It's an amazing mix.
I learned early on - I can go to a shoot, and they will put anything they want to put on me, and I'll look like an idiot because I didn't say I don't like it. It's OK to have an opinion.
I think both of my parents are unique in the way they don't live their lives as celebrities. They're both artists, first and foremost. My mom lives a very private life. So does my father. You don't really see them in the tabloids or anything like that. I think that's definitely a decision you can make.
I've stayed away from doing 'urban film' because I just don't relate to the characters. I'm not going to take a role because I happen to have the same skin color.
For me, whenever I would see a lot of 'black films,' I didn't feel represented in it. I didn't feel connected to the characters or the situations or the humor.
I identified with white culture, and I wanted to fit in. I didn't identify with black culture. Like, I didn't like Tyler Perry movies, and I wasn't into hip-hop music. I liked Neil Young.
