Dutch,Athlete
I'm just cruising, doing me, having a good time and focusing on getting better.
As a fighter, you need to constantly improve. So that's what we've been doing: constantly improving striking, grappling, wrestling - there's always different aspects to improve.
Don't give up at the first hurdle you encounter.
I have stated many times that one of my goals was to become K-1 champion. K-1 is, in our country Holland, very popular, and it's a big opportunity to become the first person that holds two world titles in two different sports.
I heard there was a debate about fighting teammates, and if a fight should happen because the fans or promoter wants it, I will fight a teammate, but family is ridiculous.
There are not many heavyweight fighters to come by, so having so many sparring partners is a big luxury a lot of other fighters don't have.
My brother has the potential to become one of the top guys within Strikeforce. He had a very busy personal life; therefore, he wasn't training as hard as he should, but if he's going to pick up his training, he will be a danger for every fighter.
I've always been a fighter and always competitive.
I wanted to join the Army, but my eyesight wasn't good, so I quit school and my job to just focus on fighting. I didn't want to just get deployed. I wanted to get in on the action.
I'm happy where I'm at now, but I want to show the world that I'm the No. 1 fighter. I want to prove it the world. I'm focused and ready.
I don't have any concerns fighting a teammate. It's a sport. To me, it doesn't really mean anything.
I do believe that Brock Lesnar will be coming back. I don't want to call it from retirement, but he is a huge draw, big guy, sells tickets. So that's a fight I would be interested in.
The UFC are doing a tremendous job of promoting the sport worldwide. The views about the sport haven't always been so positive here in the Holland, but it's nice to see change and to see the UFC come to Holland, and everyone been really enthusiastic about it.
This is a full-contact sport. It's the objective to disable your opponent, even if sparring or a real fight. You've got to use your technique.
I moved to the States, and that was a big thing for me. I moved to Miami, and I joined the Blackzilians. For me at the time, it seemed like the best logical solution, but sometimes surrounding yourself with new people is not good.
Brock Lesnar was a big guy: he's at 280 when he fights. When fighting him, you can have a bit of that extra muscle because you don't want to be thrown around like you're nothing.
If I lose to Frank Mir, I have to find something else to do.
When my entire focus is on training and just preparing... I just do 100-percent that and nothing else.
The top 10 is really a media thing anyway unless you're the champion, but otherwise, it's always speculation.
Even after you win the championship, the work doesn't stop; it probably only becomes more. I'm just basically focused on what I need to do. There's a lot that goes into this - diet, preparation, assembling the right people around you, sparring partners, coaches, etc. - so I'm not enjoying anything.
I'm working relentlessly at becoming a better fighter than I was yesterday. I think I've really shown that I'm a more evolved fighter these days than I've ever been.
I'm not usually the guy who believes in aliens, UFOs or superstitions.
No, I'm not going to retire. Not going anywhere. I'm focused on the UFC. It's the biggest stage.
I have a nutritionist and a doctor. Everything is checked. Thoroughly. Everything I take is checked out first.
One mistake, your winning streak is over and you've got to start over again. But you have to be optimistic in life, and I find that it's also beautiful, because if things are too predictable, that sucks, too, right?
This level of competition is extremely high. Everybody is trained. Everybody has a game plan. Everybody has a nutritionist. Everybody has everything. It's here that you realize, as people, we're all equal.
