American,Athlete
I'm not going to go run and hide because I'm catching some heat. I'm not going to stay at home and pout.
You can get the true essence of New Yorkers by just hanging out in Central Park.
At one point in your life, you'll have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't.
Call me All-American, but I love Ham and Cheese sandwiches. And not just any old ham and cheese sandwich... My mother's is the best. I've tried many times to make these sandwiches on my own, but it's never the same.
I like grass, I enjoy it and it suits my game.
There have been great champions in every generation.
I'm the most successful bad player ever.
You know, I still love the innocent parts of the game. I love hitting tennis balls. I love seeing the young guys do well. I'll still have a lot of friends to watch. I'll miss the relationships probably the most. As time passes, I'll probably miss the tennis more.
I don't think about tennis 24/7. I enjoy time on the lake at my Florida home and just being lazy on the sofa.
I think if I believe in something strongly enough, I'm pretty outspoken about it.
If there were rankings for press conferences, I wouldn't have to worry about dropping out of the top five, I hope.
I used to go to the U.S. Open on my birthdays and sit in the nosebleeds.
I think it's foolish to think that if you've done something for so long, you can kind of delete it out of your memory bank or delete every emotion attached to it. I knew when I retired what that meant.
When you come off something really disappointing, you want to come back and kind of regroup and get involved in something positive right away.
You know, you can only throw in so many haymakers before one misses and you get knocked out.
Having two older brothers is a healthy reminder that you're always closer to the bottom than you are to the top.
My aggression out there is my weapon. I think it's more letting them know that I'm not going to let them get away with something, and I'm not just going to kind of poke it back and be content to stay in rallies.
Stay in school kids or you'll end up being an umpire.
I cook a little - I've never taken classes or anything - but enough to get by.
I think I've always had a decent perspective on wins and losses on the tennis court.
I used to hear a lot that all I could do was hit a serve, I couldn't volley, I can't hit a backhand, I don't return well, and then people would turn round and tell me I'm underachieving.
The selfish thing about an athlete is you always look at the side of things where you say I could've done that better.
In the States, tennis is sixth or seventh on the totem pole as far as sports go.
My entire career, I've been a worker.
Do you have to be like a second-grade dropout to be an umpire? Did you go to school until you were 8 years old? I think you quit school before you were 10. Stay in school kids or you'll end up being an umpire.
Well, immediately we announced yesterday or the day before we're building, with my foundation, a youth tennis and learning center in Austin. I'd like to be hands on with that and not see it periodically.
I had a very detailed retirement plan, and I feel like I've met every aspect of it: a lot of golf, a lot of carbs, a lot of fried food, and some booze, occasionally - I've been completely committed... The results have shown.
Tennis is a full-time job and not just the two hours that people see when we're on the court.
I don't care when people use the term 'one-Slam wonder' with me.
