Scottish,Athlete
Like most guys, I've always liked watches. I can always check the time on my phone, but having a watch is so much better.
In tennis, it is not the opponent you fear, it is the failure itself, knowing how near you were but just out of reach.
It's not the end of the world to lose.
You have to go into each match believing you can beat all of the players.
When I'm training in December, I have to eat like 6,000 calories a day to maintain my weight. It's a bit tiring.
I've realised over the years I play my best when I have time to prepare for each tournament as best as possible.
If you want a player to serve and volley more, you need to teach them to do that more, how to move at the net.
The only pressure I feel is the pressure I put on myself to win.
Having a normal knee would make life a lot easier.
I used to think that losing made you more hungry and determined but after my success at the Olympics and the U.S. Open I realise that winning is the biggest motivation.
When you have beaten guys a few times, you don't want them to think they know how you are going to play them. You have to try and find different ways of beating them. You have to do things they don't expect sometimes, put something unpredictable into your game.
For much of the year, you're just trying to maintain your fitness. It's not often you get a lot of time to really concentrate on improving it.
It's easy to start over-thinking things and over-analysing things.
I believe you should give 100% on the court, so I chase every ball.
One of the things I would have loved to have had was a family that worked better together, although I love my mother and father to bits.
I don't play any tournaments to come second best.
I hate losing.
To be honest, I think bananas are a pathetic fruit.
I tend not to argue about things that I don't believe in.
Well, my mum's been a tennis coach - she coached me till I was 12.
I don't want a flashy car, just something that would allow me to stop using the Tube. And it would be good not to have to rely on my mum all the time, particularly when I have to listen to her singing in her car.
Sometimes you're looking to play perfect tennis but it's not going to happen all the time and you have to accept it.
I am not anti-English, and I never was.
I am Scottish. I am also British.
My fitness trainer's English, my physio's English, some of my friends are English. I don't have a problem with English people at all.
Everything in tennis is so neat and nice but boxing has sport down to its essence; it is very pure and I like that.
When I lost the Wimbledon 2012 final, I didn't know if I'd ever win a slam.
Boxers risk a lot in the ring. That's one of the things that attracts me to it. You want to see a knockout but I also really don't want to see people get hurt. It's this constant dilemma when I'm watching boxing. The only times I get nervous is watching a really big fight or when my brother is playing. I get to the stage where I'm actually shaking.
Getting married is great, and I feel really good away from the court, and my private life and stuff is good. But you still need to train and work hard. Like, I didn't go on a honeymoon after we got married; I went to Barcelona and trained for 10 days to get ready for the clay-court season. It's been good, but you still have to put the work in.
I feel like I'm more a fan of tennis rather than it being men's or women's. I enjoy watching doubles as well when it's on. I think that there are certain players that I enjoy watching on the men's and women's side. There's some players that I don't enjoy watching on both sides.
I just enjoy watching tennis. And there's things that you can learn from the men's and the women's game.
My speed is something that has made a difference to my whole career. When I've felt quick and I'm moving well, it makes a huge difference to my entire game. When I feel a bit slower, I end up doing a lot more defending. When I'm a bit quicker to the ball, I feel I can attack a lot more.
Wimbledon, for me, is the most important tournament of the year, so you know there's always going to be people expecting me to do well.
Everyone has to try to give back as much as possible because I think in all sports it helps kids to have role models or people to look up to. Someone like Jess Ennis, I know a lot of young girls have started to get into athletics stuff because of her, because of her success.
There's two people I would say to try to go and watch who are probably the future of tennis. One girl called Taylor Townsend, she got a wildcard from the event into Wimbledon; she's an American girl. On the men's side, there's an Australian guy called Nick Kyrgios; he's 19, and he was the number one junior in the world.
One day for dinner I'll have fish, then the next day chicken, and then I'll have steak. I just try to mix it up all the time. I don't eat the same thing every day.
I had great success with Ivan Lendl. Was he a perfect coach? No. Was he a very good coach? Yeah. He had some very strong qualities and some things that weren't so good.
I often find that pundits are quite negative... not just in tennis, but in sport in general. I just don't like that. Obviously, the job of a pundit is to create interest and a bit of controversy. I get that. Listeners like that. But I do think there's a duty there to promote the sport and talk about how good these people are at what they do.
A lot of times, the press guys ask why I take an hour and a half to come to the interview room, but if you don't do the massage and the ice baths and the stretching and the cooling down and the eating, and your opponent is doing that stuff, they already have an advantage.
I used a lot of sports psychologists when I was younger... sometimes it helped, sometimes it didn't.
I do some 400 m. repetition running for endurance on the court. I'll be in the gym lifting weights, or I'll be putting in a lot of core stability to work to improve my balance.
Earlier in my career, I used to spend a lot of time practising my tennis on court. Now I've learned that it's better to do just a couple of hours on court and two gym sessions a day. That's what's made me fitter and stronger.
Staying more controlled mentally stemmed from taking my fitness more seriously. When you're doing track work, sprints and so on, it's pretty painful, but that does make you feel better prepared and therefore mentally stronger when you're going into a match. You know, without a doubt, that you are strong enough to last.
My dinner options are kept simple during Wimbledon. I have either salmon with rice, roast chicken with vegetables and potatoes, or steak with salad. My girlfriend Kim will cook, and I know each night that it will be one of those three.
