American,Athlete
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
True heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic. It is not the urge to surpass all others at whatever cost, but the urge to serve others at whatever cost.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
I keep sailing on in this middle passage. I am sailing into the wind and the dark. But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full.
My potential is more than can be expressed within the bounds of my race or ethnic identity.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
If I were to say, 'God, why me?' about the bad things, then I should have said, 'God, why me?' about the good things that happened in my life.
I have tried to keep on with my striving because this is the only hope I have of ever achieving anything worthwhile and lasting.
I guess I started too early because I just thought it was something fun to do.
Clothes and manners do not make the man; but when he is made, they greatly improve his appearance.
When we were together, I loved you deeply and you gave me so much happiness I can never repay you.
You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that.
You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time.
Let me put it this way: I think Republicans tend to keep the ball in play, Democrats go for broke.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
I may not be walking with you all the way, or even much of the way, as I walk with you now.
I accepted the face that as much as I want to lead others, and love to be around other people, in some essential way, I am something of a loner.
There is a syndrome in sports called 'paralysis by analysis.'
Later, I discovered there was a lot of work to being good in tennis.
Do not feel sorry for me if I am gone.
I don't want to be remembered for my tennis accomplishments.
A wise person decides slowly but abides by these decisions.
I have always drawn strength from being close to home.
