American,Athlete
I'm not a pretty princess, and I'm aware of that, so I like music that is really intense, really bold, and characters that in a way almost have a dark side and are kind of evil because, for me, that's when I feel my strongest and fiercest, when I'm not necessarily the good girl.
Covergirl is my sponsor, and they have been so helpful in supplying me with their wonderful products. I love their blush, mascara and lip gloss.
If I train well and stay focused, I'm confident I can deliver when the time comes.
Skaters are infamously superstitious.
My mom devised a plan to get me out of the house and gave me the choice between ballet or skating. She knew both of those sports were time-consuming and would keep me busy with hours of practice.
To have full and multiple criteria is the best way to decide who is best prepared to be on that Olympic team.
Off the ice, I can be soft, and I can be elegant and sweet.
I love hanging out with friends and family.
Yu Na Kim, Mao Asada, Carolina Kostner - all these girls can do triple-triples in their sleep, and they have the skating skills and the spins and the rest of the technical jumps. So I have to have that as well if I want to be able to call myself 'competitive' against them. And when I say 'competitive,' I mean I want to win.
When I step out onto the ice to compete 'Romeo and Juliet,' I don't feel like a fighter. I feel very nervous, and it's very difficult for me to get into the mindset for it.
When I'm competing, I need to be strong.
I'm the type of skater that needs to stay upbeat and relaxed, open, because if I stay quiet, I get in my head, and then I start to think too much and start to doubt.
I'm a show pony, and I don't get to skate with girls doing triple Axels every single day. I skate with little babies who are working on their single Axels while trying not to hit them on the ice.
I haven't mastered the art of sitting and smiling.
I can adapt to change easily, but I'm not a fan of it.
When my parents were paying for my sport, it wasn't just me out on the ice. Pretty much every dollar my mom made teaching went into my skating.
I want people to see a real person on the ice. I want to seem tangible, hard-working, passionate about my skating, not just going out and doing something I've rehearsed a million times.
You always imagine everything will go so smoothly in the Olympic season.
Skating is one of those sports you unfortunately see people get stuck in.
A lot of people who watch figure skaters want us to look like pretty princesses. I want people to see the athlete, and I want to look like a woman among girls.
I'm not a crier.
I'm so proud to be an Army brat, but it was not an easy life. Moving around so much, skating was that one constant thing I had to hold on to.
In 2010, I was 17 or 18 and thought, 'Yeah, the Olympics, that might happen.'
You should not be defined by one bad performance.
People don't want to watch a sport where you see people fall down and somehow score above someone who goes clean.
To put on a performance, you have to be emotional. You can't be a zombie.
I think the great thing about social media is it gives people access to you on a totally personal level that they didn't have before, so it's really important, and it's a great way to get people involved and excited about what you're doing.
I'm a strong-headed person, and you can always tell how I'm feeling in that moment.
I love to win, honestly... If you love to win, you should say it. And honestly, I'm hooked on it.
Nothing has been easy for me... I've always had to work for everything I've gotten and everything I've accomplished.
I'm very much a technical person.
I was very much a tomboy. I just couldn't do the pink ballet tutus.
I went through my awkward teenage years. I don't want to go back.
I know roughly when I skate a good program where the score should end up.
I live in California, so I do stand-up paddle board, which is a killer workout. I also run, about four miles every three days.
I try to stay low-carb and high on lean protein. I'm lucky in that I love chicken and rice; it's one of my favorite meals. I steam some vegetables and top them with olive oil for some flavor.
I hate doing Tabatas - you do whatever you want at high intensity for 20 seconds, and then get a 10 second break and you repeat that for 8 minutes. So you can do jumping jacks for 20 seconds, you can do sprints for 20 seconds, etc. It's supposed to help you get your endurance up really fast.
I give myself a cheat day where I annihilate my diet. I'm an all-American girl, so I go for a burger and fries and a shake.
I'm vicious. I can be nice off the ice, but on the ice, that's not where it's time to make friends.
I just believe in equality for all.
The fact that an icon would even utter my name or have any idea of who I am is absolutely unreal.
Seabeck is slow to change.
