Irish,Athlete
You can be going through hardships sometimes, and you're struggling, and then you're wondering if you're ever gonna make it.
I did my thesis on clowns. It's a powerful thing when you've got this little red nose on. It's a mask, the smallest in the world, but it unveils you. You stand up there and do these exercises that free you, let you play, and see what comes out. What comes out is the truth.
This was something I always dreamed and wanted to be part of, when women's wrestling was freakin' cool, and now it is.
When I was drafted to Smackdown, I was like, 'Hell yes, I'm going to captain this ship.' Then I was like, 'Oh, wait, you're losing your best friend and travel partner and the person you enjoy having matches with the absolute most.' That's Charlotte. We travel together, and she is my best friend.
Everybody has that thing about them that makes them special, and sometimes we try to dull it down or we don't always want to expose it, and maybe we've been taught that way or whatever. It's just a matter of letting it out and letting it go and letting people in on it.
I wasn't born to be champion - I fought to be champion.
What I loved about wrestling was just being foolish, so I studied clown. I studied clown. I studied the art of clown. I actually did my thesis on clown.
With women empowerment and women coming together, it's not about being better than the guys or whatever. It's just about collaboration; it's about being equal people and having more of a highlight on women's athletics and just women being equal in every aspect.
I love 'Pac-man', 'Mortal Kombat', and 'Street Fighter'. 'Ryu' is my favourite-ever character - I'd love to leapfrog the Hadouken. I never really evolved too far beyond that, but I have played '2K17'.
I'd like there to be consistently more women's storylines going on at the same time.
Peyton Royce and Billie Kay are two phenomenal workers; I would love to see them up here on Smackdown. They're great girls with great talent. A bit of momentum, and we're going to see amazing things from them.
Ember Moon is extremely talented, and Daria, from Tough Enough, she's very unique and cool. The fans are going to get behind her. As for Asuka, she is phenomenal.
Mostly for social media, Twitter or Instagram becomes so much more fun when you can be boastful and say whatever you want. You can be so full of yourself and ridiculous when you're a heel.
Someone told me, 'When you go see Pearl Jam, it's going to be a spiritual experience,' and it was. It was my first time seeing them live, and I've been a lifelong fan. Eddie Vedder's voice is a million times better live, and I couldn't believe the passion he put into every single song.
Everybody that's employed by 'WWE' - the biggest wrestling company in the world - should be good wrestlers able to tell good stories.
My whole 'WWE' career has been rebuilding myself and finding the confidence that I once had. It's been one hell of a journey. There have been times I felt like the prodigal son because I left wrestling and abandoned this thing that I loved.
My life changed completely. It's crazy now. It's kind of gone from striving and wondering and being confused and being lost to just feeling like the most blessed person in the world - just happy to wake up every day, happy to get on a plane every time. Just couldn't be happier with life, really.
It's so important just to be true to yourself and to own your own character and take responsibility for it, and speak up and say, This isn't right; this isn't me.' It's a great lesson, not just in wrestling but in life. If you're not feeling something that's true to your heart... everybody's gotta be true.
I'm the champ that puns the camp! That's what I always wanted. I wanted to be seen as a main eventer, and it's a lot of responsibility now. I feel like I'm gonna deliver on this opportunity. I want to take it and make sure everybody knows that this is why I'm the champ.
We're changing the way people are going to look at wrestling, women's wrestling, forever. Forever. And we're at the start of it? That's unbelievable. That's unbelievable! Unbelievable.
Ronda Rousey changing the game for MMA, you know? Dana White said he'd never have a girl in the Octagon. Ronda Rousey comes along, and she's the main event any time she's on. The women, I feel, in the UFC are stealing the show.
I started working out, eating a good diet, and just did everything I could that I thought would benefit me. I also started studying a lot harder in school. It matured me a remarkable amount and made me completely focused.
I was 19, and I thought I should settle down and get a real job, and what was I doing living this dream world?
It was all encompassing and so hard for me to do any classes or take up any hobbies - I'd wake up with this gnawing feeling in my stomach that I wasn't doing what I was meant to do.
Being the leader of a division is a pressure, but it's one that I feel I am ready for.
I want to make 'Smackdown' the brand to watch, but beyond that main-eventing, 'WrestleMania' is the next step.
