American,Athlete
A buddy will keep you honest and add a dimension of fun to your workout.
There is no one magic move or secret that creates victory, but lots of little items that when added together can make you victorious.
Actually, the moment of victory is wonderful, but also sad. It means that your trip is ended.
As I mentioned previously, the tools that allow for optimum health are diet and exercise.
Anabolic steroids were not banned until after the 72 Olympics.
The East Germans first used biomechanics. This meant that rather than guessing about technique and form, they could apply changes to athletic performance based on science.
Whatever pursuit you undertake, the requirements should start with a love of what it is that you are pursuing.
Those of us who participate realize the incredible honor bestowed on us, but to really understand the true scope and depth of the movement requires more investigation and concentration.
The Olympic movement is divided into two very distinct eras.
The Ancient Games are relatively obscure to most Olympians, but to understand just what the Games are about, it is really necessary to investigate the roots and the meaning that has transformed culture and society for so many years.
The Olympic Games of the Modern Era began in 1896 in the city of Athens.
Athens will again be the host of the Games in 2004, but there are rumors that they might be switched if the Greeks don't begin to construct the sites faster.
The ability to mingle with so many countries and cultures is extremely valuable for men and women.
Then in a fraction of a second, I realized that these sportsmen were not anyone's enemies.
Past Olympians have a continuing role within the Olympic family.
The fans and supporters are also part of the Olympic family.
Olympians are the product of the Movement, and to get them to the stadiums, pools and playing fields, it takes the actions of legions of people who might not be Olympians.
My Olympic voyage has continued because it is so rewarding.
The greatest feeling of accomplishment for me is the fact that I was an athlete who was somewhat disabled.
My family knew, but most of the sporting world did not realize that my right hand been some 75% paralyzed.
Once you have selected a sport or a creative activity, the rules are pretty much the same.
One of the key elements is the ability to be honest with yourself.
Too many athletes do not admit their weaknesses.
Too many athletes don't have the ability to set a goal and then carefully go towards it.
If it were easy, it would have no value.
Realize that from the start, every activity that comprises the journey has value and the ability to teach you something.
