American,Athlete
I'm a believer in karma, and I'm also a believer that things happen for a reason.
As a father, you want the best for your son, quite obviously. You want to create the best memories for your son.
I always wanted to become a good role model for kids as a professional football player. Unfortunately, I didn't attain that through football, but I was smart enough to realize that professional wrestling provided another opportunity for that.
Go empower yourself. You need confidence because the one thing that bullying does is it belittles you, and it takes away your confidence, and nobody deserves that.
I believe in the simple things in life; everything derives from the beginning. You take things very simplistically and try to be the best person you can be.
If it took professional wrestling for people to recognize me as a person, then all the other endeavors I embark upon will explain me as a person, define me as a person, but wrestling will not define me.
I strive to be my best every time I go out, and that's very stressful. After a while of doing that... it's nice to just take a deep breath, sit on a tractor.
I worked in a gym. I was a trainer. I did all the crappy ex-football-player jobs.
I had three intentions when I became a wrestler. One was to keep my integrity. Two was to give pro wrestling a more respectable image. And three was to be a role model to Jewish kids, who may not have thought they could do what I do.
I'm as passionate as any car owner or car collector that has one car or 300 cars.
I'm a man who makes his own decisions and sticks with them; I think there's a lot of integrity in that.
Any time someone stops me in the street and asks me for an autograph, pro wrestling gave me that.
After you ride a roller coaster that's been going up for a year and a half, and you reach the pinnacle and then dive straight down with no gradual decline, it's a little disorienting. I didn't know how to take losing.
I knew that the UFC and that mixed martial arts in general was going to prosper because I was extremely selfish and cocky, and I thought: 'Hey, if I like it, everyone's gonna like it.' Well, it came to fruition, and I chose a character that was not a far departure from myself at all.
Disrespect is my biggest pet peeve.
If I wasn't prepared knowing every year there is a huge chance of a fire that will require me to evacuate my property, then I'm an ignoramus. If people at this point don't see that terrorism is a reality, and don't take steps to prepare themselves a little more than they were the day before, then they are also an irresponsible ignoramus.
I grew up in the Midwest, so we really didn't have much hockey going on.
Anytime I get down to Miami, it's a wonderful thing.
Would it be an honor to be bestowed Hall of Fame credentials? Yeah. Does it define me as a person? No.
If you don't want to investigate what you're passing judgment on, then it's your fault. And I believe that if people investigate Goldberg as a human being, I'm not such a bad guy.
The reality is, I'm not 24 or 34 anymore. Things are going to be different when I prepare for and when I compete in an athletic endeavor.
Kids are soft these days, period, end of the story in every respect. People coddle them too much. I'm sick of that; it's irresponsible parenting. Taking care of them is one thing, but turning little boys into little girls because you're coddling them so much, kids need to have experiences on their own.
I have never, ever, received any taunts or any form of anti-Semitism. And I suppose being a Jewish football player with the Atlanta Falcons was no different than being a Baptist football player with the Atlanta Falcons. But in the back of your mind, you always expect something to happen.
I cherish every moment, because success can be taken right away from you.
I'm wired differently.
Having children changes your outlook 100 percent of your life.
The Rock has definitely set the bar. He's in a class by himself, and he always will be, I believe.
Lets be honest: I'm an athlete, not an entertainer as much. So as an athlete, I am a guy who likes the physical confrontation of the football field. I like playing nose-guard; I like having two 350 pound guys trying to rip my head off.
Everybody who knows anything about me knows all I ever wanted to do is play pro football. But I didn't have the talent, and I got hurt a lot. I'd do anything to be out on the field.
I had a great time in the NFL. To make it in the amount of time that I did was awesome; it's a dream come true, and hell, it gave me the opportunity to go wrestle.
The new age of terrorism isn't on the battlefield: it's in your own backyard. Whether it's at a concert in France or a restaurant in the United States, terrorism doesn't have to happen in a military installation by any stretch of the imagination.
I look back upon my times when more people were listening to what I had to say, and I didn't say enough.
Everything emanates from the basics, from your base. If you don't have a strong base, I'm sorry, but you are always going to be coming back to it, trying to reattain.
The deal is that I hold myself to an extremely high standard, and it's a standard that can never be... it's unattainable. But it drives me to be the very best in everything I do.
Nine times out of ten, people consider a nice little Jewish boy the kid who grows up and sits behind a desk preparing your taxes. I've certainly broken that stereotype in many ways.
Most of the wrestling happens in the South, so I had to ask myself how I was going to be received as a Jewish boy named Goldberg. Then again, I have never, nor would I ever, hide my Jewish identity.
I come from a very athletic family. But I didn't have the typical Jewish sports heroes. I mean, like lots of Jewish kids I admired Sandy Koufax. But I didn't look up to him as the one person who gave me the desire to push on and succeed. My brothers did that for me.
I host reality shows; the last thing I ever wanted to do was be a contestant on one.
I try to do as much as I can for the military.
It's a sad situation when you have to talk crap about other organizations that you know your paths are never going to cross competitively.
I'm not picking up my phone and calling anyone for employment.
I'd love to get back in the ring so my son could see me, but that's it.
Sometimes I think back to everything I've been through, and I wonder, 'Man, how the hell did I get here?'
The NFL can go to hell.
If a guy is hurt, you take care of him. The Falcons didn't do that.
If I'm the MVP of the NFL, and I lose a game and go to a press conference and walk out of it, that's not the example I want to set for people.
I told my wife, when I go up to the garage and I wash my Cobra, I feel like I'm cheating on her.
My dream was to have a garage where I could put some of the coolest cars I've ever seen throughout my life.
My brothers were big car guys.
In high school, all my friends' older brothers had these cars. I had a number of friends whose brothers collected Dodges and Plymouths and some of the coolest cars I've ever seen when I was a kid. I was just flabbergasted.
The muscles in my lower abdomen had torn off my pelvis.
I was a piece of meat. I was betrayed by the business of football.
I picked up a lot watching Ultimate Fighting. I studied martial arts. But I had an idea to be different, to portray a character people would like.
The stupidest question I get is 'Is Goldberg your real name?' I tell people, 'No, my real name is Killer, but I wanted a much more menacing name, so I picked Goldberg.'
I've got a lot of people I'm carrying on my back, but it's a light load because I take a lot of pride in who I am and where I came from.
They don't pay me enough to take any racial abuse. If you come up to me and say something racially, I'm going to take your head off.
When you hear of somebody named Goldberg, you think of a guy sitting behind a desk investing your money.
I guess I blow all the stereotypes right out of the water.
That feeling is one of the things that keep me going. On July 6, 1998, I became the WCW heavyweight champion of the world!
There's no question, I guarantee you, that you will see more NFL players getting into wrestling. They have the personality for it.
As a father and an ex-wrestler, it's a dream come true. To be able to come back and be included in 'WWE 2K17,' it's a huge honor.
It's just a really cool deal to be a character in 'WWE 2K17.' Whether it's competing on Nitro or Halloween Havoc, to have me as an available character... it's a tribute.
I'm not normal.
At the end of the day, it's a very powerful voice when you're able to perform on any level on any stage and have the audience, have the attention of children. It's a gift. It's not to be taken lightly, and it can be used for good or for bad.
Do every single thing you can to protect yourself, your family, and your country.
Whether it's at a concert in France or a restaurant in the United States, terrorism doesn't have to happen in a military installation by any stretch of the imagination.
I'm not saying everybody has to walk around with a six-shooter, but they have to be prepared. You don't have to be militarized, but you have to be ready.
All those guys wanna be us. All the fighters wanna be in professional wrestling; I don't care what they say.
There's only one reason I would do the kickboxing thing, and that's for myself. I've been doing it as an avid student on-and-off for 10 years, and it's something I really enjoy.
I'm sitting here with the Mets, and I get to throw out the first pitch. That's one of the coolest things in the world for anybody.
Any time you're in front of a camera and have them yell 'Cut, re-shoot the scene,' are you kidding me? That's a huge advantage.
Being a professional wrestler surely prepares you for any acting role in that we have to act on live television, so there's a lot of pressure put there.
Oh, I love Rock to death, man. He doesn't inspire me as an actor but, I mean, come on.
Let's be perfectly honest. I love Rock to death. We're all different people, but Rock's a showman.
At the end of the day, I'm greatly appreciative of all the fans that I was able to acquire over the years.
A guy like Ric Flair at 49 could go out and do his character. A guy 49 going out and doing Goldberg again - I don't know what the odds are.
When you become a professional wrestler, your name becomes company property.
I didn't choose Goldberg because I wanted to be the flagship for the Jewish movement, not by any stretch of the imagination. I chose Goldberg because no one else can own it.
If I put wrestling boots and wrestling trunks on one last time - and I'm going to - it's going to be done by me and me only.
I think when Kevin Nash put himself on the booking committee and then gave me my first loss, that was beginning of the end.
No matter how much money you make, no matter how famous you are, you're not above going outside and cutting trees. I do it all the time.
The story behind 'Check Point' is what drew me in. The script had a couple of twists that I really did not see coming... To get out there and raise people's awareness, I think there's a big responsibility in that.
I made the final decision to become a professional wrestler because I was able to look at Sting and what he was able to do inside and outside the ring.
From what I've read, CM Punk is like a sponge when it comes to training.
At the end of the day, you have smart marks all over the world thinking that they know the outcome of a match.
I'm only as good as my next appearance and my next match.
At the end of the day, at 49 years old, it's realistic to believe that a Terminator has a heart.
I tore my abdomen. That ended my football career, which was what I wanted to do my entire life, and when that was over, I pretty much looked to just about anything, but nothing really caught my interest.
I used to play videogames, but I don't have too much time anymore. I used to have 3DO, but I could never find any games, really. I used to play it all the time. Games like 'Road Rash.'
No, I don't have a feminine side. I've never been in touch with it. And the day I get in touch with my feminine side is the day I retire.
I'm more of a 'competitor'; I like to go in the ring and let people judge the competition.
Terrorism, as a whole, is - I don't want to say 'taboo,' but it is a very emotional subject.
I had creative control over my character, which means if they wanted me to do something that I didn't agree with, then I wouldn't do it. If it was good for the show, then I had no problem. If it was demeaning to the character and wasn't adding a positive light to the show, then I can guarantee that I wouldn't do it.
It's always good to have other people who you can lean on and pick you up when you're down and vice versa.
My hobby first and foremost is collecting automobiles. I have a fairly nice, finished 6,500-square-foot structure that I call my garage.
Hulk Hogan and I put 43,000 people in the Georgia Dome with three days' notice. I've got a fairly big following in Atlanta.
Let's be honest: I'm an athlete, not an entertainer as much.
I've done drag races. I've done Long Beach Grand Prix stuff. I've done NASCAR stuff. Just about anything carwise under the sun, I've done. Whether it be driving schools or racing schools, I've had a passion for it for a long time.
I don't think most of my hobbies would be surprising to anybody. I obviously like to spend a lot of time with my family. I like to train. I like to lift.
I like to train in my Muay Thai gym that I co-own.
I've tried to reinvent myself from time to time, and I enjoy doing movies.
