American,Athlete
I can think. I can sleep. I can move. I can ride my bike. I can dream.
My bike is my gym, my wheelchair and my church all in one. I'd like to ride my bike all day long but I've got this thing called a job that keeps getting in the way.
The Grateful Dead, they're my best friends. Their message of hope, peace, love, teamwork, creativity, imagination, celebration, the dance, the vision, the purpose, the passion all of the things I believe in makes me the luckiest Deadhead in the world.
The great thing about being a broadcaster is you have this incredible responsibility to the people that make it all happen, the people that turn on the television set.
But you have to understand, my beard is so nasty. I mean, it's the only beard in the history of Western civilization that makes Bob Dylan's beard look good.
Well, we've made some changes on this tour. We're no longer sleeping in the parking lots and swimming in the fountains. We've been staying in hotels most of the way, though I will say some hotels have declined to take us because we're just having too much fun.
Chick Hearn was my favorite broadcaster ever - he's the one who taught me to think basketball, how to love basketball.
I lived to play basketball. Growing up as a kid, Bill Russell and the Boston Celtics were my favorite team. The way they played, the teamwork, the sacrifice, the commitment, the joy, the camaraderie, the relationship with the fans.
You don't win championships by just being normal, by just being average.
I don't sleep much. I'm on the go. My mind is racing. My wife says my mind is like the rolling dials on a slot machine. So, yeah, I think about everything.
Without question, no hesitation, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was the best player I ever played against.
At 49, I can say something I never would have said when I was a player, that I'm a better person because of my failures and disgraces.
I'm a lifelong stutterer.
Music is critical in our lives and culture. It's the inspiration that drives us. It's also the window to our souls. It's a reflection as to who we are, what we stand for and where we're going.
I have nothing but respect for the Lakers. So many of their legends shaped who I am as a person and player.
Life is about growth. People are not perfect when they're 21 years old.
Bill Russell was my favorite player of all-time.
That's what makes it so fun to be on a team. You're sitting at your house, thinking up this wild, crazy stuff as to how it's going to go, and the other guys are sitting at their houses doing the same thing.
I had the only beard in the Western Hemisphere that made Bob Dylan's look good.
A lot of people understand what not saying anything means, so, in effect, not saying anything is really saying a lot.
When you are in unrelenting, excruciating and debilitating pain that never goes away for years on end, your life is over.
Being a broadcaster encompasses the business of sport, which is my life today, and it encompasses the skills of being a history student, and the ability of being a performer.
We can never thank David Stern enough. His vision to use basketball to improve the quality of our lives to make this world a better and saner place, that guy, is the most important man in the history of basketball.
Life is easy when you're hot. But what happens when the ball bounces the other way? You just keep getting back up and climbing up.
I grew up in an non-athletic family, where my parents were interested in music, in literature, in education and art.
No one missed more basketball in the history of NBA than I did. I played 14 seasons, on the roster for 14 years, and I missed more than nine-and-a-half full seasons.
