American,Athlete
Don't worry what people say or what people think. Be yourself.
You know what? I don't care. I'm my own guy. I'm very secure with my sexuality. I can cry anytime I want.
I'm good at everything.
Canadian hockey fans... They boo me every time I go anywhere. Because I play for Team USA.
Baseball has all the money.
Sometimes guys need to cry. Some hockey players think they're too tough to cry.
Do I catch flak because I'm so much smarter than everyone else? I don't know.
There are so many unbelievable words... But that doesn't mean I have a favorite word.
I'm patient with crossword puzzles and the most impatient golfer.
I'm very impatient. I am. That's the bane of my game. I don't think about what I'm going to do - I just go hit it, I don't stop to wait and think. Costs me two shots a round.
You can't get big in hockey. You need to be pliable... they've even taken fighting out of the game, so there's no more of those big huge guys who just fight.
If you're going to play hockey now, you have to be able to play. If you have the ability to fight and play, you're an unbelievable commodity. But if you can only fight, there might be six of those guys left in the league, and I can guarantee they're going fast.
My teeth have never been touched. Why did I tell you that? Knock on wood. I've got a few scars over the eyes, a couple on the chin, a few on the beak and one across the cheek. But my luck is running out.
I'm scared to death to fly commercial... I have not flown commercial since 9/11.
I'm realistic. And realistically, I'm not that type of player that earns that type of money any more. So I'd be willing to take a little cut to get a couple of extra years.
I think the biggest thing for me is being able to adjust to the way the game has changed. It's basically a 180-degree turn from the style I like to play. That's what I think I'm most proud of, being able to fit into this style of game and still be fairly successful.
I see myself playing as long as I am partially enjoying the game and partially successful and they are paying me. But honestly, two more years is about all I can take.
I'm known as a winner now.
You have to know how to score.
I'm not done yet making people miserable. If they're going to make me miserable, then I'm going to make them miserable.
Nobody should live in an environment that's not healthy.
I was kind of smart enough when I was young, 14 or 15 years old, to realize that if you're ever going to do anything and step out of the shadow of your own dad - not only in hockey, but in life itself - you're going to have to learn you're Brett and not 'Bobby's son.'
Because I don't look like I'm skating around as hard as Bobby Bassen doesn't mean my mind isn't working twice as hard as Bobby's mind. Just because I can't fight like Kelly Chase doesn't mean standing in front of the net getting cross-checked and slashed isn't toughness as well.
You know what, I had 11 great years with St. Louis. My gosh, those are the best years of my life. And I will never, ever forget that.
I am very proud to align myself with Miken - a brand known as an innovator and leader in the development of high performance sports equipment.
I admire Miken's exceptional engineering capabilities and was drawn to their passion for hockey and drive to be the best in all they do.
