American,Athlete
I'm just going to go live life. I'm going to go enjoy life. I have nothing left to hide. I am kind of a free person, a free soul.
There's nothing more, nothing better in life to wake up in the morning, look at yourself in the mirror, and feel comfortable with yourself and who you are.
Gamble, cheat, lie, and steal. Let me explain: Gamble for your best shot in life - dare to take risks. Cheat those who would have you be less than you are. Lie in the arms of those you love. And finally, steal every moment of happiness.
Sexuality is who you are personally attracted to... But gender identity is who you are in your soul.
I learned that the only way you are going to get anywhere in life is to work hard at it. Whether you're a musician, a writer, an athlete or a businessman, there is no getting around it. If you do, you'll win - if you don't, you won't.
When you have a voice, and you have an opportunity at the world level to be able to speak, it has to be right.
The hardest part about being a woman is figuring out what to wear.
If I wasn't dyslexic, I probably wouldn't have won the Games. If I had been a better reader, then that would have come easily, sports would have come easily... and I never would have realized that the way you get ahead in life is hard work.
If you're asking your kids to exercise, then you better do it, too. Practice what you preach.
First of all, I try to be a positive role model.
Hardly nobody gets to live two genders in their life.
If I were to compare the Olympic decathlon to fatherhood, I would say fatherhood is a lot tougher.
I am from the Kardashian group. We can take anything.
So many people go through life, and they never deal with their own issues, no matter what the issues are - ours happen to be gender identity. But, how many people go through life and just waste an entire life 'cause they'd never deal with themselves to be who they are.
It caused more problems as a young kid, because the simple process of perceiving words on a piece of paper was hard for me. Many people think dyslexic people see things backwards. They don't see things backwards.
Trans people deserve something vital; they deserve your respect. From that respect comes a more compassionate community.
Start early and begin raising the bar throughout the day.
Life wasn't easy growing up; it was frustrating. If I had been a better reader, then that would have come easily, sports would have come easily, everything would have come easily, and I never would have realized that the way you get ahead in life is hard work.
I wish I were kind of normal. It would be so much more simple.
Waving the flag at the 1976 Olympics wasn't my idea. It was too much apple pie and ice cream. Not that I don't love my country, but I felt it was my victory up there, I put all the time into it.
If you are dyslexic, your eyes work fine, your brain works fine, but there is a little short circuit in the wire that goes between the eye and the brain. Reading is not a fluid process.
'Can't Stop the Music' has become a cult film. It's kind of shocking to me. People come up to me all the time and say, 'I just saw it!'
If you're going to dedicate every second to winning the decathlon, what are you doing wasting your time in bed?
I still have nightmares about taking tests.
It's about working when nobody's watching.
Bruce always had to tell a lie. He was always living that lie. Caitlyn doesn't have any secrets.
I have made a lot of mistakes raising the four Jenner kids.
Everybody wants to have a partner; everybody would love to have a family, and for trans people, sometimes that can be extraordinarily difficult to do.
I have 10 children. I've got my eighth grandchild in the oven with Kimberly. I have all these wonderful kids.
If I can make a dollar, I certainly am not stupid.
You don't go out and change your gender for a television show, O.K.? It ain't happening. I don't care who you are.
The 'Vanity Fair' article was interesting to do because it was the first time I ever really had the opportunity to be absolutely truthful with a reporter about every aspect of my life.
I have found that women have so much unleashed power that they don't really utilize because they don't have confidence in themselves about who they are and what they can do.
I have always actually been with and attracted to very strong women, and I think I've learned a lot from them.
I had really no sense of style. Everyone around me in my family had the sense of style - I learned as much as I possibly could.
I want to dress well. I want to look good.
Some people look gender non-conforming because they want to look that way - they don't want to conform to society's expectations.
Sports saved my life.
I never wanted to hurt anyone else, most of all my family and my kids.
If you want to call me names, make jokes and doubt my intentions, go ahead, because the reality is I can take it.
I met Arthur Ashe a few times. I know how important education was to him.
My greatest gift in life was being dyslexic. It made me special. It made me different. If I had not been dyslexic, I wouldn't have needed sports.
It hurts every day when you practice hard, but when this decathlon is over, I got the rest of my life to recuperate. Who cares how bad it hurts?
I probably went all the way to junior high school before a school doctor told me that I was 'dyslexic.'
In the fifth grade I discovered something I could do better than the other kids. One day, the teacher set up a bunch of chairs, and she had everyone run to the chairs and back while she timed us. I had the fastest time in the whole school!
Living by myself out in Malibu has been really good. I kind of have my freedom; I've got a whole house to myself. The tough part comes when sometimes, you know, you get pretty lonely.
Sometimes I feel so separated, you know? The Kardashians over here, the Jenners over here, little me in the middle. We've got to keep the family going.
What I went through in 1976, it's the same today: It's about all the pressure that you feel, the anxiety, the family, and everything that surrounds the Games, and then getting there knowing this is your big chance, and you're able to come through. It's such a satisfying thing.
I don't have anything Olympic in our house - no pictures, none of that stuff. Consciously I do that. With 10 children, I don't want to hold that over their heads.
The only thing I did is, I wore the same pair of socks in every decathlon I was ever in.
We have a rich tradition here in the United States of great decathletes, which is amazing 'cause we have absolutely no program to develop these guys. Zero. There's nothing. They do it on their own, just like I did back in '76.
I've been married to Kris for 21 years, and there have always been rocky times. And it's nothing special.
I had been carpooling kids for 33 years.
Decathletes have to train for every event: sprints one day, field events the next. You pump up to make yourself strong enough to throw? Try pole vaulting at 250 pounds. There are 32 guys in most decathlons, and they're in 32 little track meets.
I'm just glad my gold medal's at home, because I'd hate to try to win another.
Being the world's greatest athlete just does not get it done on the golf course.
The next great decathlete is going to be a runner. I still feel that a Dan O'Brien, if he was a runner and not a sprinter, could have gone over 9,000 points.
Speed is more important than endurance in the decathlon.
I called Daley Thompson after the Games of '84, when he won. He'd had this phenomenal decathlon for nine events - and then he went out there and jogged the 1,500 meters and missed the world record by, like, three points.
I love the 1,500 meters. I knew that, if I had to do it to win, I'd run under 4:05. That means I could pick up 100 points, maybe even 150 points, on anybody in the world.
My knee has always given me problems. But it got to the point where I actually had to start giving up things. And I hate that.
I used to play a lot of tennis and then, next thing you know, same thing with tennis. That banging on the knees, the jarring, twisting motion - I couldn't do it. All of a sudden, every time I played, my knee would swell up.
I spent 12 years of my life, the last six years training six to eight hours a day, every day of my life. At the time, when I was 20 to 26, I could do things like that, and you're not going to notice it.
If I win the gold medal, I will be set for the rest of my life. The medal itself doesn't give you anything, but it makes you a marketable item. You take it and see what you can do.
I never went after fame. It fell into my lap.
The Montreal Olympics were in July 1976, the bicentennial, at the height of patriotism.
I'm so happy after such a long struggle to be living my true self. Welcome to the world, Caitlyn. Can't wait for you to get to know her/me.
'Esquire Magazine' just gave me 'Father of the Year'. I'll put it right up there with my gold medal. I survived; that's why they gave it to me.
I'm very laid back, easy. There's nothing better in life than seeing your kids do well.
As an athlete, my health has always been important to me.
It's important for people to recognize that they shouldn't ignore symptoms like shortness of breath or a cough that won't go away, because these may be signs of COPD.
My wife Kris and I enjoy keeping an active lifestyle, so it's hard to imagine what it would be like if breathing problems kept me from participating in the activities I love to do. But that's exactly what happens to many people who develop COPD, or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
COPD includes chronic bronchitis, emphysema, or both. Over time, it makes it harder and harder to breathe because less air is able to flow in and out of the lungs.
I wore U.S.A. across my chest in 1976.
There is kind of an underground conservative movement in Hollywood, really.
I have had two knee surgeries on my right knee: that was my jumping leg that I jumped off for years and years.
Anti-inflammatories always seemed to work well for my joints, but the problem was you couldn't take them all the time.
You still think we can go out there, and we can all run the mile in four minutes, you know, your mind still thinks that, but then you go out and actually try to do it, it's kind of scary.
I have gotten more flak for being a conservative Republican than I have for being trans.
