Danish,Athlete
Whether you're tall or shorter, or a little bigger, more curves, skinny - you just have to be proud of what you have, and everyone is beautiful.
If I'm not Top 10 or seeded every tournament, it really doesn't matter. I can beat anyone on a good day.
Fashion says a lot about a person.
That's what I love about tennis: As an individual sport, you can't hide behind teammates.
I really want to see New Zealand; it's a beautiful place.
I think I'm a really tough player.
I like to be with my friends and my family, listen to music and read books. Things like that relax me.
I have a sweet tooth. Milk chocolate with the caramel fillings - that's my guilty pleasure right there. But I think that's all right; we have to let ourselves indulge sometimes.
I never give up. Doesn't matter what the score is.
I'm not looking for anybody or anything. I'm just living my life.
I love a good steak. I like my meat. I love broccoli - it's one of my favorites - and corn, too. I mix it up with my vegetables.
For me, it's about the tennis and the trophies. I'm not motivated by money.
I have a very close relationship with my parents.
Golf can be tougher than tennis when things go wrong, because you can't explain things by saying that your opponent played better than you. It's a cruel sport in that way.
I just like being around people, especially nice people, and there are a lot of nice girls on tour.
On a normal day-to-day basis, I'm makeup free, hair in a bun, and I just go.
There are always some surprises in the draw when people are playing pretty well.
I'm quite careful. I like to buy nice things for myself, but I like to also be reasonable. I think I'm pretty careful.
I feel like everything is possible.
To be the world No. 1 has always been a dream for me.
The only one I feel pressure from is myself to go and give my all for every match and, obviously, I'm a competitor.
I love winning. I don't like losing.
I have nothing to lose and think that it's a positive thing that I am young and playing on a good level.
I try to be myself and, of course, be a good role model. I don't really find it hard, but you think about what you do and that other people look up to you.
You feel better about yourself when you do something with yourself. You also feel more confident.
One day my dad would say, 'OK, if you want to play tennis I can help you out.' And that's how it started. And I had a goal. I wanted to beat my mom first. And my parents and my brother. And that was the ultimate goal.
I want to do well for myself and my sponsors... but I feel no pressure, because I don't play for the money.
I will do a chocolate deal for product only. No need for money.
I think you just have to take life as it goes, and I believe you never get things put on you that you can't handle.
I had a fan go down on one knee with a ring and ask me to marry him.
I always believe in myself, no matter what my ranking.
Sometimes I need a boost, and I go for something that's a little bit more intense and a bigger beat.
I find it funny when women share makeup-free selfies on Twitter or Instagram, and it's such a huge deal.
I think America is a great place to grow up. It's a good lifestyle.
I think you just learn so much about yourself over the years.
With the depth of the women's game, the entertainment it gives, and the work we put into it, I think equal pay is right.
So, yeah, Dad was right. Tennis was the way to go.
It's tough to play well - or not that well - when you're injured.
If there is a camera or someone making a picture or - just do the things you always want to do, because if you start thinking about everything, then you start changing the things you would do. And that's not the life you want to live.
My dream was always, when I was a little girl, to be number one and to win grand slams as the number one.
I love to watch 'Property Brothers.'
I have a 'cheat day' a week. I can really indulge and treat myself.
I love New York. It's my favorite city in the world.
Very few women get asked to be in the swimsuit issue, and I'm really proud to be one of so many beautiful and empowering women.
I just live my life and do what I want to do and don't think about what is written about me.
When I am on court, I am so focused on what I am doing, that's all I think about - trying to win the next point.
I would like a taller guy so I can wear high heels.
I look for someone who is honest, fun to be around, and doesn't take himself too seriously.
When you're on court, you just want to win. You're a competitor.
I like to be a little different. I like details. Whatever I wear, I always have a say.
Pretty hard to sweep me off my feet. It would have to take someone very special. You never know. I guess when you least expect it, it's going to come.
You need the right fuel for the body.
Even when my opponent hits a very good shot, I don't just want to get it back. I want to get it back so they have difficulty. And then I can control the point.
There are periods when you feel really good. You feel the ball is bigger. The court is larger. You feel like you can't miss. And then there are periods when you feel, 'OK, I'm not feeling great.' But I still need to try to find a way to win.
I'm a competitor. Gym work can be tough. But you just try to get through it.
I would want to bring up my children. Therefore, I have no dream to make my mark. Instead, I enjoy economic freedom my hard work has given me. It means that I can give my children the best start in life.
I think that's what it's all about; you work hard and practice to play on the big courts.
I think a lot of us women feel like we deserve to play on the big courts in front of a big crowd as well.
I love The Cheesecake Factory, especially the chicken marsala. I almost always pick that dish; it tastes unbelievable.
Sometimes when you get to the press conferences, you hear you're going to play this person in the semifinals, and in the quarters, you're going to play her. And I'm like, 'Hold on a second.' First of all, you have to make it there. Second, your opponent needs to make it there. It looks easier on paper than it is in real life.
I like to watch the men play. I like the way that they're playing, and I can always learn something from them. They're playing differently than the women, so I like to learn from them as well.
If I didn't love tennis, I wouldn't be playing. That's also why I don't know how long I will be playing because if I start feeling like this is not what I want to do anymore, that there's not really any reason anymore.
You can either feel sorry for yourself and lay down and cry, or you can actually learn from it and move on and find all the positives in it.
I always feel if I work hard, if I can practice 100%, then the results will come. Whether it's the first tournament, the third tournament, it's going to come.
The media will build you up in a hurry but then, just as fast, will bring you down.
I don't think I need to prove anything to anybody.
You have to be that 1 percent or 2 percent better physically so you have more power and energy left than your opponent when you go to a third set.
The best feeling is when you finish a point at the net.
It's tough to perform every week and do it well. Most people don't know how hard that is.
Sometimes things happen in life, and you kind of need a friend.
When I get the questions, I answer what I can answer. If they ask me about the match, I cannot really say that I like eating bananas.
Honestly, I don't really read about myself. I look at the pictures sometimes. Sometimes I'm looking at them, and I'm thinking, 'They could choose some better ones.' But I don't spend time reading about myself because I know what I'm up to. I prefer to read about other people.
My mom is my great supporter. It's always nice to have her around. She can cook. It's nice to have some home-cooked food sometimes.
I like to bake, so sometimes I do the desserts. I don't eat too much desserts, though, because I need to be able to move around on the court.
I think it is very important to have a life off the court, and to me, it wasn't that hard to balance tennis and a relationship.
I grew up eating anything at any time and going straight on court. So I'm not really that picky.
I love working with kids and helping others, so I feel like a career in teaching would be perfect.
I would suggest that you only take advice from those people who have a lot of experience and who you trust as well. Also, be extremely conservative with your investments.
The most important thing is friends, family, and the people around you. That's what really makes you happy.
It's always been such a big part of my life to be fit and healthy and be outside and run and play sports. It gives me energy. Sometimes, I have these days where I don't do anything because I have the days off, and I just need to relax, and I actually get more tired.
My mom was a volleyball player, and my dad was a soccer player. I never thought about it, but they always served healthy food at home, and I love it, and it kind of was a regular part of my day.
My main base is Monaco, and that's where I live most of the time.
The rankings show the players playing the best and most consistent for 12 months.
Wimbledon is very special with the traditions and everything.
I give 110 per cent all the time.
Young players are more hungry because they have not achieved what some of the older players have.
When I said I wanted to run a marathon, I wanted to do it under four hours. But when I started training, I was like, 'Oh I got this,' so I wanted to run between 3:30 and 3:35. I'm really proud of myself.
Every time I go out onto a tennis court, I know what to expect.
I'm so happy to have done this, and now I can say I ran the New York City Marathon.
I think everyone wants to look good whether that's on the court or off the court.
I like playing at the U.S. Open because I like New York. It's a nice city. You can do anything there. It's one of my favourite cities in the world. I also like Indian Wells and Miami, too.
Reaching my first grand slam final was amazing, and I didn't expect it at just 19 years old.
My mum and dad are both sportspeople and know what's it all about. They know it's hard work, but they also know what it takes to become a professional athlete. I don't think - without their help, I wouldn't have got this far.
Whether I'm 70 or 30 in the world, it really doesn't matter.
I get treatment every day, just to keep on top of my body and help me recover, and it's really helped me a lot.
I was using a lot of the physios on the tour, which are also very good physios. But it's just... when you have someone personally for you, obviously, it's always better, and I can get treatment at home.
It's always been a thing. Like, I don't touch my belly button. That's something nobody knows about me.
