American,Athlete
I like a girl with natural beauty.
If a girl is smiling and is bringing positive energy and she's happy, that's what I notice right away - and her teeth.
I'm very lighthearted, outgoing, friendly, and funny, so I like to try new things.
Flirting all starts with eye contact! You can tell a girl is into you if she's across the room and still making eye contact with you.
I've really gotten into fashion, and ever since I got into the NBA, I feel like players are walking billboards.
J.Crew's a great brand.
Growing up, I just wore whatever fit. I was going through crazy growth spurts, so I could never really take my style too seriously.
It's rare in the NBA, but I have a lot of young female fans from eight to eighteen because of the way I dress and the way I do my hair. People sometimes call me a pretty boy, but I embrace it. It's fun, and I guess it just kind of comes with being a good looking white guy in the league.
If a girl came up to me and asked me out, that's a little forward. Guys like it when girls play hard to get!
I don't like baggy clothes and looking like anything sloppy. The arms have to fit. The collar has to look perfect.
I'm very picky in what I wear.
You see a whole bunch of different looks in the NBA. Guys, like LeBron, have stylists now, and they do their own thing. Then you have Russell Westbrook, whose style is a little different. Every guy is wearing outfits to show their personality.
My mom has accepted my style. My dad is a little suspect with all the bright colors and loud stuff. He's a khakis and polo kind of guy. He's OK with it, but the loud stuff, he says I'm his little daughter.
I'm kind of a beach bum from Florida, and I have a very different style. I like tight-fitting, Euro-fitting clothes, colored pants.
I feel like I'm a confident dude, so I feel like I can get away with wearing something bold.
I love watches. I have a Hublot, a Breitling, and a Cartier. Different accessories that I match together just to be comfortable and casual.
