British,Athlete
I literally got a private invite for lunch with the Queen. There was just 10 of us. And I was absolutely petrified because you can't take anyone with you, and no other sportspeople were there. There was the head of the military, and then the Queen sat next to me.
It is probably like an artist. They see in their head what they want to draw, and they draw it. It is like I have a feeling inside me that I want to create on a horse, and that is what I do.
I get called 'the girl off the dancing horse.' I just laugh; I think it's really funny. It's true, isn't it? It's great we're getting that recognition.
I think I thrive under pressure.
All you can do is to do your best.
It's been an absolute rollercoaster. The things I've done, I didn't even dream of doing or achieving.
We all get so excited about the big events, but when there's an animal involved, it's ten times harder.
So many horses get stage fright when they enter the arena, and that's it - the performance is over.
I've had so many letters from people saying I've inspired them to take up riding, and that's an amazing feeling.
People recognise me now. I've got so much fan mail.
People tell me I'm their idol and a huge inspiration - that's really surreal.
I literally worked from the bottom up to where I am now.
I have come from a background where I haven't had lots of money to put me on the map. I've had to work very hard for what I've got.
My mum used to ride, and when she was mucking out, I always wanted to sit on a horse. And if she took me off, I'd scream my head off.
The sport is about finding the horses. But to find another Valegro is impossible.
I don't ever want to be famous. I never want to live that life. I genuinely hate the fact that I would be stopped for a picture or an autograph all the time.
I want to get up and ride my horses, do what I love doing. I don't want to be recognised.
I got asked to do loads of TV series, all sorts of things that weren't me.
Every horse I get on I can adapt to. It's like a jigsaw puzzle.
I have walked into several pubs, and guys in there have said to me, 'My God, you are the girl off the dancing horse.' They have got no idea about dressage, and they said, 'I can't work out whether you make the horse do that or the horse does it itself - we just couldn't tell - but it brought tears to our eyes.'
The fan mail I get every day is incredible. It piles through the door from not just Britain but everywhere. It is so great to have that support behind me - everyone says I am an inspiration. It is great.
It isn't called dressage any more - it is called 'dancing horses.'
I turned the Gloucester Christmas lights on and our local Newent lights on, so everyone recognises me now. It is a completely different life for me.
It is very rare that he makes a mistake, and I feel just privileged to have done what I have with him. There will never be another Valegro.
I was frightened. I hadn't really had any experience, and then all of a sudden I was thrown straight into doing interviews. Most people have build-up. I had none.
When you're doing well and you're successful, part of being successful is that you get interviewed. But it ruins the moment.
Moms being moms, they're very supportive, and they're always talking very highly of you.
I love producing horses, and we have some great young horses at home. We'll look forward and train those and start again.
You need to believe in yourself.
At an event in Germany, I realised the organisers had 'The Great Escape' playing as background music to my test, and I just thought, 'It's really cool. I want that.' It is fantastic to ride to.
My parents don't have a lot of money, and it was only when my mum's mum died that we could buy Fernandez, my first grand prix horse.
It's tough, but I have to remember that this is my passion and what I love, and that's how I keep the nerves from kicking in.
It's always nice for the judges and the audiences to have something a bit different so they don't always see and hear the same thing.
I've been riding Valegro since he was four or five years old.
London 2012 was just fantastic.
My ultimate dream was to get to the Olympics. I never thought I would come away with two gold medals.
I remember some people after the Olympics that had no idea about horses would ask, 'Do you do that with the horse, or does the horse do it by itself?' I think the fact that you can make it look like you are doing nothing is a real talent. And it is such a massive reward at the end of it.
My family didn't have lots of money or anything.
I literally did it through hard work and dedication. People out there who think you have to have loads of money to do this sport... it just shows you.
I never think of who's in the competition. I never let myself get in that frame of mind, worrying about who I'm against.
I'm really lucky that I can control my nerves; it doesn't seem to get to me.
I can't help but smile when I ride Valegro; I think something, and he does it. I laugh, and I think, 'God, how does he know? I didn't even ask. I just thought it.'
I owe my mum Jane a lot, as she's supported me all the way, so I'm very lucky.
It's going to be hard to ever have a horse to replace Valegro. He is a professor. I think he read the dressage book and learnt it all before he ever did it.
There is Rio in 2016, but it won't be the same as going to London and hearing 24,000 people - nearly all British - cheering, stamping their feet, and screaming your name.
I can honestly say I had the time of my life in London. I don't regret one part of it, and I have never wanted the moment to end.
To be one of the first British females to get three gold medals, to join Laura Trott in doing that, is a huge privilege.
