Canadian,Athlete
The only person that is going to tell you that you can't do things in life are people who have failed.
Am I a workaholic? Yes, but I also have no problem taking time for myself.
There are a lot of similarities between dancing and wrestling. The costumes are the same, the spandex and all that, but you have to be light on your feet to do both, and you have to remember choreography.
Somebody actually tattooed my face on his arm. In a couple years, that will be the equivalent of having a Screech tattoo.
When you stop being nervous is when you should retire. I'm always a little nervous for anything I do because when complacency sets in, that's when I feel it's time to move on to something else.
A live performance is the same no matter what genre it is. Wrestling, rock 'n roll, hosting, acting - it's the same thing.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be either a rock star or a wrestler.
I always played hockey, I was always a hockey fan, but I was never bitten by the hockey bug... I never looked into playing it professionally.
I would have to say that Canada definitely produces the best wrestlers; I don't know why. I think Canada is a big wrestling country, and there are a lot of guys who are interested in wrestling in Canada.
I like to do something different that people don't expect. That's what I've always been about, in everything I do.
I love U.K. festivals because people go to watch as many bands as possible. They aren't just there to see their favourites; they'll be there all day long.
I've always had an air of mystery.
I have a journalism degree, but I'd rather be the person who is being written about rather than the person who is writing.
I don't think I'd ever be able to give up the spotlight.
I've always been the type of guy that wants to change, adapt and morph from year to year.
The most important thing about being in wrestling is that you have to connect with the crowd, connect with the fans, and you either want them to love you, or to hate you. Either way, so long as they're reacting to what you're doing.
I never want to hide my wrestling background.
In Hollywood, there really is a stigma against wrestling. I think that's why people think wrestlers are Neanderthals who can't string two words together.
I've actually been in more Elimination Chamber matches than any other human being on the planet. It really has been a badge of honor for me.
It's always great to add to your legacy.
I never was an amateur wrestler.
Think about it - pro wrestling as an Olympic sport would be pretty cool. Look at figure skating or gymnastics - what is it? It's a choreographed performance that is judged.
I started playing music when I was 12 years old.
If you're in the WWE, it's like show business boot camp. You learn a little bit about everything as far as show business is involved.
I play a character in the WWE and everybody hates my character. I'm the evil villain bad guy. Whenever people meet me, they're like, 'Wow, you're such a nice guy. We never expected that.'
You can't wrestle forever. It's a very physically taxing job. There's no doubt about it. Physically, and more importantly, mentally.
