American,Athlete
I definitely do like change. I don't know if my hairstyles reflect that, but I don't like the same old thing all the time.
I don't know if my hairstyles reflect that, but I am someone who enjoys change.
Overall, I think I'm in pretty good shape, but I'm not really someone that is gung-ho or a fitness fanatic.
I know a lot of people didn't understand why I came back, and people are still going to say it was stupid and it was the wrong decision. But I'm happy.
I am both honored and blessed to have had such a wonderful career with the L.A. Galaxy and I am thankful for everything the club, the fans and the community has done for me and my family.
The league, is doing well. It is just a matter of trying to sort some things out with my contract.
It's difficult to compare coaches. You really can't compare them.
We are still confident as a team that we will make it through to the final Cup qualifying round.
Being out in that heat for two weeks definitely drains your energy.
You are going to have hostile crowds and the fans are going to find out where you are staying and keep you awake at night. They are going to use everything possible.
The referee will now keep track of the time on the field and the shootouts have finally been banned.
I think the Commissioner is taking the steps necessary to give the game back to the players and the fans and hopefully take the league to the next level.
We didn't think we were a fourth-place team. For us to beat the first-place team in the West and the first-place team in the East shows the dedication and determination that we had.
That's one of my jobs, just trying to do what I can to help this team out as much as possible.
I've seen a lot of highs and a lot of lows with this team, and one thing I've learned is that even though you have lows, you're not going to have them forever, so you've got to keep fighting.
It just proves that I've been here for a long time and, I guess, have done the right things over the years.
The league, I think, is doing well. It's growing, it's maturing, and it's becoming a better league.
I don't like the same old thing all the time.
You know what you are getting into, but being out in that heat for two weeks definitely drains your energy.
I am excited to bring my deep knowledge, passion and expertise of soccer in this country to The New York Cosmos. They truly represent where this sport is headed on a national and international level, and I want to make history with them.
I've been through the process qualifying for the World Cup, which is an amazing, two-year process. It was an honor to represent the U.S. and to represent the city of Los Angeles and California.
I never thought I'd play soccer past high school, so to go from that team to actually being most-capped and three World Cups is pretty special.
I like the guys on the team and the coaching here. I especially like the management. The Galaxy have been really good to me.
I've been working on my finishing for quite some time. It's just a question of paying attention to the minor details.
The people I still talk to are some of the old Galaxy players all over the place. That's a bond that's pretty special.
After I suffered a labral tear in my hip while playing soccer, I realized that many sports-related injuries can be prevented and I dedicated myself to helping young athletes learn more about injury prevention.
