American,Athlete
I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color.
This stand wasn't because I feel like I'm being put down in any kind of way. This is because I'm seeing things happen to people that don't have a voice: people that don't have a platform to talk and have their voices heard and affect change. So I'm in the position where I can do that, and I'm going to do that for people that can't.
People don't realize what's really going on in this country. There are a lot things that are going on that are unjust. People aren't being held accountable for. And that's something that needs to change. That's something that this country stands for: freedom, liberty and justice for all.
I realize that men and women of the military go out and sacrifice their lives and put their selves in harm's way for my freedom of speech and my freedoms in this country, and my freedom to take a seat or take a knee, so I have the utmost respect for them, and I think what I did was taken out of context and spun a different way.
I have great respect for the men and women that have fought for this country. I have family, I have friends that have gone and fought for this country. And they fight for freedom, they fight for the people, they fight for liberty and justice, for everyone.
We have a lot of people that are oppressed. We have a lot of people that aren't treated equally, aren't given equal opportunities. Police brutality is a huge thing that needs to be addressed. There are a lot of issues that need to be talked about, need to be brought to life, and we need to fix those.
People are dying in vain because this country isn't holding their end of the bargain up as far as, you know, giving freedom and justice and liberty to everybody.
Most people don't want to change. They're comfortable and set in their ways. But in order to change, you have to be able to agitate people at times. And I think that's something that's very necessary for us to improve as a country.
I'm going to continue to stand with the people that are being oppressed.
It was just something - I didn't agree with what the flag was representing at this time, and you know, if you look at the original picture where people addressed it, I was trying to sit behind the coolers and out of the way, 'cause I didn't want to interrupt anybody else's right to stand and hold attention to the flag.
I've had times where one of my roommates was moving out of the house in college, and because we were the only black people in that neighborhood, the cops got called, and we had guns drawn on us. Came in the house, without knocking, guns drawn on my teammates and roommates. So I have experienced this.
We have a presidential candidate who's deleted emails and done things illegally and is a presidential candidate. That doesn't make sense to me, because if that was any other person, you'd be in prison. So what is this country really standing for?
Nobody cares if you're black, white, straight, gay, Christian, Jewish, whatever it may be. When you step on that field, you're a member, in my case, the 49ers. That's your job, your occupation.
I'm going to speak the truth when I'm asked about it.
There's a lot of things that need to change. One specifically? Police brutality.
I never felt that I was supposed to be white. Or black, either. My parents just wanted to let me be who I needed to be.
I think that's something that's hard for this country to address, is what the real issues are and coming to the point where we can admit that these are issues. Once we admit that, we can deal with it, we can fix them, and we can make this country and these communities a better place.
Sometimes, when things are going really well, I feel like I've already seen things - it's the flashback feeling in a good way. Like I'm watching a rerun, because I've studied this defense and know what comes next. Now, that is a good feeling, when your mind is working fast because you've studied, and you realize, 'I've seen this before.'
To me, tattoos are a way of people being able to express themselves and have other people look at them and get a little insight into who they are, without ever even saying a word to them.
I love America.
Unless you're being carted off, you should be on the field.
If you're going to do something, you're going to do it to be the best.
My dad, being a businessman, constantly talked to me about carrying myself in a certain way and treating people with respect. And I think that's something that's carried over throughout my life. It's how I deal with certain situations.
Victor Cruz just got his deal with Givenchy - amazing. I was so excited for him. That was amazing. So I think there are great opportunities for a lot of athletes out there.
I have great respect for the religion. I know a lot of people that are Muslim and are phenomenal people.
I'll never take the easy way out.
I'll always be a fan of coach Harbaugh. Not too sure about Michigan.
I have a very high expectation for everything I do. And when I go out and compete, I expect myself to make every play.
Training, that's my specialty.
People are terrified of them to the point where Trump wants to ban all Muslims from coming here, which is ridiculous.
To try to prey on athletes' livelihoods while one is going through a tough time is embarrassing to me.
I'm here to play football.
Mental health, for me, is doing everything I can to help this team win. Sitting around not doing anything isn't something I've been too big on since I was young.
I think, between the tattoos, the way I dress, the way I talk, people don't think it should go together with a franchise quarterback or someone that's leading the team or representing the organization.
Whatever the offense dictates to allow me doing what I or this offense needs to do to win games, I'm going to do it.
I'm going out to play, and to play to win.
In the heat of the battle, it's always different than when you go back and look at it on film.
The support I've gotten from my teammates has been great.
Jim Tomsula is going to be great coach for us. Players' coach. Always around the guys. Someone that's willing to listen to what the players say and has their intake.
People can talk all they want; that doesn't affect how I go about my business.
Once you're on the field, you're playing. You're not worried about anything other than doing your job to help your team.
If you work hard and perform well, it doesn't matter whether you're 20 or 40. People are going to follow, and you can go in there and run the show.
I'm still trying to improve. Everything I can do to improve every part of my game - I'm going to do it.
Its a touchy subject, 'cause I never want to take it there, where it seems like it's all about race. But I feel like that's something that comes along with the territory of being a black quarterback. When you have success - 'Oh, you're a freak athlete.' Not, 'Oh, you're a good quarterback.'
I don't want people to think you have to look a certain way or be a certain mold to be able to be a quarterback.
If I got a football scholarship, I was going to be a football player.
I don't look at film that closely about my mechanics of where's my elbow at.
I felt the way people talked to me was like, 'It's OK to be No. 2 in the NFL, a backup,' and things like that. That's never been my approach.
I'm not incapable of going through things.
Every time I step on the field, I step on the field to make plays.
I haven't seen a quarterback play a perfect game yet.
My parents told me from the time I can remember that, 'Yeah, you're adopted. But this is your family.' I can remember my mom, she tells me this story: when I was little, I was looking at her, and I was like, 'Why isn't my skin the same color as yours?' She was like, 'Oh, you're adopted, but I wish I had pretty brown skin like you.'
I'm not your typical quarterback. I don't like when people say, 'Quarterbacks aren't supposed to run,' or, 'Quarterbacks aren't supposed to work out a certain way.'
Quarterbacks can still have good bodies. I'm always conscious of the stereotype. I want to change what people think. There's a lot more to it than what you see on the field.
Teammates tell me to bring it down a notch in practice or that their hands are hurting. Randy Moss told me I was the first person to ever dislocate one of his fingers.
I think the biggest part of my game that's underestimated is the mental part of it.
I don't think I can be too hard on myself.
You have to be able to do everything as a quarterback, and that's not necessarily taking care of your job but making sure you're preparing everyone else to go out and play well. And make sure you have them in the right mindset when they step on the field.
Whether football's here or not, I will be fine. I go out, I play to win.
As far as jeans and shirts, I rock a lot of different things.
I wouldn't say there is one specific designer I rock. It's more of the look of the shirt and what occasion and where I'm wearing it to.
I think being shy or a little bit more mild-mannered is more how you treat people and how you go about your business, not necessarily how you dress or things of that nature.
Once I get into the locker room, I turn on stuff to get me hyped up. Mainly, it's a lot of rap music.
To me, I've played full seasons and had success. Mentally, I've been through it before. I'm not incapable of going through this.
I think I'm very good at reading coverage and knowing where I want to go with the ball before the ball is snapped.
I'd say that, 99 percent of the time at Nevada, I knew what the coverage was and where I was probably going before the ball was snapped. It makes it very easy when I only had to read one person and know that I was going from here to here, and if not, I'm checking it down.
When it comes down to it, you're playing football regardless of what offense you're in.
I never weighed myself when I was at my lightest because I didn't want to know.
I trained with a few Olympic runners and jumpers. Just to try to get a little bit faster, a little bit better. Anything I could do to try to get a little bit better and stay ahead of the competition.
I'm not too big on feelings.
Feelings aren't going to help me win a game.
What other people think of how I play and how I go about things really isn't something I worry about.
You're going to hurt, yes. You're going to have tweaks and problems. But you're a football player; you can play through those.
