Irish,Athlete
You might win some, you might lose some. But you go in, you challenge yourself, you become a better man, a better individual, a better fighter.
I wish everyone well, but you need to focus on yourself. You need to stop putting your hand out. Everyone wants hand outs. Everyone wants things for free. You've got to put in the work. You've got to grind. You've got go through the struggle, and you've got to get it.
I enjoy competition. I enjoy challenges. If a challenge is in front of me and it appeals to me, I will go ahead and conquer it.
I'm just trying to be myself. I'm not trying to be anyone else.
The more you seek the uncomfortable, the more you will become comfortable.
My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief.
I am in the fighting game. I don't care about anything else. I don't watch the news, I don't care about politics, I don't care about other sports. I don't care about anything I don't need to care about. This is my sport: it is my life. I study it; I think about it all the time. Nothing else matters.
The thing about the truth is, not a lot of people can handle it.
I'm just looking to learn, grow, stay focused, and become a better fighter and a better athlete.
I guess I have a little bit of an ego. I'm confidently cocky, you might say.
I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them.
Life is about growing and improving and getting better.
People like to blame others. I think a person should just look at their own situation, look around them, find out what they wish to do, and seek and go and do that. And that's it.
I take inspiration from everyone and everything. I'm inspired by current champions, former champions, true competitors, people dedicated to their dream, hard workers, dreamers, believers, achievers.
I don't feel pressure in a negative way. I like pressure. I feel excitement and calm at the same time. No pressure, no diamonds. I want pressure: pressure creates drama, creates emotion.
Why go through life if you're not going to challenge yourself?
To do anything to a high level, it has to be total obsession.
I am not afraid of saying something and going and pursuing it. That's it. I see it in my mind. I say it out loud. I go and do it.
Nobody is my boss.
If you deserve it, go get it.
Competition gives me energy. It keeps me focused.
From the moment I open my eyes, I'm trying to free my body. I'm trying to get looser, more flexible, to gain control. Movement is medicine to me.
I see fighters make funny videos about me and stick them on Facebook and get 20 likes. When I make a video, I sell it to Fox and make seven figures. That's the difference.
When I say something's going to happen, it's going to happen.
I always teach myself calm and visualization stuff.
I train and I go home, and when I'm home, I think about training. That's my life every day, and that's it.
Life's a rollercoaster. You're up one minute; you're down one minute. But who doesn't like rollercoasters?
Ritual is another word for fear, manifested in a different way.
Trash talk? Smack talk? This is an American term that makes me laugh. I simply speak the truth. I'm an Irish man.
You beat him verbally. You beat him mentally, and then finally, you beat him physically. That's the three ways to beat a man.
My unpredictability is what separates me. If you move in so many ways, your opponent is not focused on what he's doing. He's focusing in on what you're doing, and it freezes him. When they freeze and you hit, they shatter like glass.
I never got into training to be an All-Ireland boxing champ or to win a belt. At the start, I just got into it to learn how to defend myself when I got into situations.
Even when I was a kid, everything I had was the best.
I don't fight in chase of an individual. I hear this sometimes where fighters work their whole careers to reach a matchup with a certain individual. I do not think in that way.
There's many ups and downs in the fight game.
I am fearless.
I have the greatest job in the world. I get paid loads of cash for beating the crap out of people. And I'm very good at it.
I've learned new footwork patterns that are very unusual. I've learned how to find a lower centre of gravity, and I've found more angles to throw shots.
'This guy's a clown! He's just all talk!' I've heard that many times in my career. And then they're sleeping in the middle of the octagon.
I feel you're in charge of your own situation.
I think it's an Irish thing. We don't really care. We say it as we mean it, and you have to deal with it. The truth is the truth.
Everything I've been thinking, every vision, even down to every shot I throw, it just ends up here in reality. Whether it was in a fight and how to react or whether it was in a stadium with screaming fans or whether I was in a fancy car or the best clothes ever, I always put myself somewhere.
I don't feel that emotion is a good thing to have in combat. You must be cold.
If I hit a man, his head is gonna go into the bleachers.
I want to negotiate what I'm worth. I want to put my analytics forward, man-to-man, and to be like, 'This is what I'm owed now. Pay me.' And then we can talk.
I'm in the game of spinning plates. I'm spinning a boxing plate. I'm spinning a Tae Kwon Do plate. I'm spinning a Jujitsu plate. I'm spinning a freestyle wrestling plate. I'm spinning a karate plate. If I was to put all them down and have one boxing plate spinning, it would be like a load off my shoulders.
I don't feel bitterness, I don't feel anger towards anybody. Fighting is never emotional to me.
Not a lot of people or pros in this game know how to train correctly. That's why they don't have a long career. Their body gets banged up. They get into a rhythm of heavy sparring and heavy work, but through that, they're limiting movement.
Any top-level athlete, it's always the same. There's always that hint of arrogance there... It's hard to be humble when you're the best.
I've read a lot of books on the laws of attraction, and in my home, I have a big book on Muhammad Ali, which I've read because he is, like, a hero of mine, but other than that, no, I'm not a big reader.
The mixed martial arts way of life will give you focus.
The only time my records are going to be broken is by my own spawn. I'm going be training that child out the womb.
I carry the flag of Ireland all the time. I want to represent my country.
Muhammad Ali is a legend, a hero of mine.
I'm interested in movement, and I'm interested in money, and I'm interested in the movement of money.
Posture for combat is so vital.
I think I am the greatest fighter in any class. I know I can hold two, maybe even three belts.
I'll die a crazy old man!
My dream is to be World Lightweight Champion in the UFC. Have more money than I know what to do with. And have a great life for my kids, grandkids, and everyone in my family.
People are so caught in a routine, doing the same things over and over.
When I am free to train and free to move, I feel like a gorilla in the jungle. Then, when there are a bunch of media obligations, I feel like I have been captured and am being kept on display.
Glutes are power.
I don't look at a man who's expert in one area as a specialist. I look at him as a rookie in ten other areas.
I'm going to change the way martial arts is viewed. I'm going to change the game. I'm going to change the way people approach fighting.
I'm already the face of the UFC, plus the face of boxing, WWE, and Hollywood.
I run New York City!
Many people don't understand ring control. They think they do until they're against someone who really understands how to set traps, how to create holes in the octagon that they fall into.
We come bulletproof in Ireland. We're reared tough, and we fight.
I am not stupid. I am a very bright guy. I know that in the fighting game, you get people who get brain damage and do themselves long-term harm.
I sleep people. I put people unconscious. I'm stating facts.
Some people take defeat and losses a certain way. You see how some fighters take losses.
I knew I'd be in the UFC since I started my career.
Yeah, the Mac Life... it's about sipping some tea, getting together with the knitting circle. You know I like origami, right? That's how you get to be notorious.
There is definitely an addiction to money that I have.
That's what I do this for, to secure my family's future. I don't care about anything else. I'm able to spoil people, and that's the best thing.
I kind of love Cole Miller.
What can I say? I'm a talker.
At 155, I will be the same animal, an even better animal.
You might be tough, but you can only be so tough for so long, you know what I mean? The brain can only take so much damage. The body can only take so much damage.
The left paw has done me well over the years. I'm not a scientist, I'm a martial artist.
Cage Warriors is a brilliant organisation. They're doing great things for European MMA, and they're giving the platform for guys like me who came through. They're vital. I'm forever grateful for the opportunities I got.
Clean fighting solves everything. It ends all bad blood and any ill feelings people have. That's my thoughts.
People say that I'm a boxer. I actually started with kick boxing, and then I moved onto boxing, and then I moved onto grappling.
When you're faced with an opponent, the media asks the questions, and I answer truthfully. I don't hold back.
It could be if I fight in front of one person or one million people. It's still the same emotions.
I just figured out that if I gave my all into this game - if I put everything into the fight business - then I would eventually run the fight business.
I'd love to go into WWE and have a real knock and see what's what.
I've always felt like there was a lot of hype around me even when there wasn't. I felt like everyone was talking about me even when no one was talking about me.
My goal is to be number one in MMA.
I'm focusing on me. I'm focusing on my family's security, my family's financial security, so that's all I can do.
I will fight in many weight divisions.
People think I'm a celebrity. I'm not a celebrity.
Boxing is limited fighting with a specific rule set. Fighting is true, where you can do anything.
If they let people go fight jiu-jitsu tournaments, they can't stop me going to fight a boxing fight.
There's people that tried to celebrate when I lost that got nothing to do with it. That's not the sign of a champion.
I want to be financially secure by the time I have kids.
