Portuguese,Athlete
Talent without working hard is nothing.
Without football, my life is worth nothing.
I see myself as the best footballer in the world. If you don't believe you are the best, then you will never achieve all that you are capable of.
Many people look at me and think they know me but they don't at all. This is the real me. I am a humble person, a feeling person. A person who cares about others, who wants to help others.
When you lose a person you love so much, surviving the loss is difficult.
There are people out there who hate me and who say I'm arrogant, vain, and whatever. That's all part of my success. I am made to be the best.
I don't mind people hating me, because it pushes me.
There's no point in making predictions. It's not worth speculating because nothing is set in stone and things change all the time in football. Today there are opportunities that no one knows if they will come round again in the future.
Winning - that's the most important to me. It's as simple as that.
Why lie? I'm not going to be a hypocrite and say the opposite of what I think, like some others do.
I don't have to show anything to anyone. There is nothing to prove.
At United, there are great traditions, which you can't buy in one or two years. They are created by victories. You need to prove again and again that you are better than the others. Manchester United have always done this, and are still doing it, so they are the best.
I'm not going to change the world. You're not going to change the world. But we can help - we can all help.
People have to understand one thing: at the age of 18, I arrived at a dream club like Manchester United. It was a dream come true. But, even at that moment, I was thinking about playing in England for some years and then going to play in Spain. Even at that time I was thinking that way, and I always gave 100% everything.
We cannot live being obsessed with what other people think about us. It's impossible to live like that. Not even God managed to please the entire world.
I know I'm a good professional, I know that no one's harder on me than myself and that's never going to change, under any circumstances.
Every season is a new challenge to me, and I always set out to improve in terms of games, goals, assists.
I'm living a dream I never want to wake up from.
I think sometimes the best training is to rest.
My father always taught me that when you help other people, then God will give you double. And that's what has really happened to me. When I have helped other people who are in need, God has helped me more.
I have practically no private life. I'm already used to this and ready for it. Yes, sometimes it is hard, but it is the choice I made.
I don't like being alone.
To be honest, there are no problems between me and Messi. People have their own opinions about who they think is the better player. It is what it is, but there is no rivalry beyond games and what happens on the pitch.
It obviously bothers people when Real Madrid win. It makes them jealous. There isn't a level playing field.
The high point of my career was winning the Champions League. No one will ever erase that from my memory, in the same way that no one will ever erase the fact that I did it in a Manchester United shirt.
I am not the humblest person in the world. I admit that.
