American,Athlete
You never hear about good seafood places.
I love to play basketball, but I haven't played in awhile. But if I could get back on the court and play, I definitely would.
The Rockies and Diamondbacks are both very exciting teams who are fighting for recognition.
My charity is called 'Grand Kids.' People keep thinking it's 'Grandkids.'
I love to eat. I'm not the biggest guy, but I love to eat.
Baseball guys tend to flock towards steaks.
Left-handed pitchers get paid a lot of money to get left-handed guys out or else they wouldn't be in there. They feel confident going up against lefties. If you look at most lefties' numbers, typically they happen to be better against lefties than against righties. That's all it is.
For the most part, I don't think I'm any different than anybody else.
Any of the the 30 ball clubs have a chance at success, and the fans know that. It keeps everything exciting.
I didn't realize people tip for take-out.
People grow up loving the Yankees and will tell you, and so many people despise the Yankees, and they come from all over the United States.
It's funny: I kinda still float under the radar. I'm not tall like a New York Knick; I'm not a heavy, strong New York Giant or New York Jet. I blend in pretty well. A lot of people don't recognize me too many places. More men recognize me than women.
No matter what you do, people are gonna try to emulate you. Whether it's a dunk by Michael Jordan or a swing by Ken Griffey Jr., kids are doing the same things.
Teachers shape so much of what a kid's upbringing can be.
Basketball was always my sport. It just took me until my second year of college for me to realize that I was a better baseball player than a basketball player. But basketball was always my number one love. Finally found out I was better at baseball and chose to pursue that route.
I feel like kids in general, not just African-American kids, are influenced by what they see, both positive and negative.
Every year we discuss Jackie Robinson Day, which is April 15. We talk about it throughout baseball, promote it throughout baseball.
