American,Athlete
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
More enduringly than any other sport, wrestling teaches self-control and pride. Some have wrestled without great skill - none have wrestled without pride.
My mind's never gone very far away from what I wanted to accomplish.
Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy.
There's always ways of motivating yourself to higher levels. Write about it, dream about it. But after that, turn it into action. Don't just dream.
The 1st period is won by the best technician. The 2nd period is won by the kid in the best shape. The 3rd period is won by the kid with the biggest heart.
The easiest thing to do in the world is pull the covers up over your head and go back to sleep.
My valleys are higher than most people's peaks. I stay at that level.
A lot of my intensity in wrestling was due to my mental preparation before the matches. I got myself into a different world.
I went to college. I had a double major in biology and physical education, but my major was wrestling.
Freedom across the world is a result of many individuals working together.
I shoot, I score. He shoots, I score.
When my wrestlers got their hands raised, I jumped for joy.
We, as a wrestling community, better remember it is more than one individual that makes a winner.
My advice to young wrestlers is that your surroundings really make a difference. You want to put yourself in good, positive surroundings.
Right out of high school I never had the fear of getting beat, which is how most people lose.
If you're going to stay in the Olympics, you've got to be entertaining and get sponsorship.
My wrestling and family go together. It's always been that way, from day one with my mom and dad, my sister, my wife, four daughters, grandsons, son-in-laws.
I never won anything by myself. I was always strong because of help that gave me extra strength to win.
Many of those who have paid the ultimate price for freedom have come through the wrestling ranks. We need to honor them and win this decision to have wrestling - the world's oldest sport - remain a part of the most prestigious athletic competition in the world, the Olympics.
Wrestlers are a little more dedicated than, and are different from, the other people, which may be strange.
There's nothing like success.
I don't think college wrestling is in danger of extinction by any means. But I am concerned if one program drops.
My coaches were great. My mom and dad. My dad never missed a wrestling meet.
I've never changed my life since I was 4 and went to the YMCA with a gym bag. I still have that philosophy. In fact, I still have that gym bag.
I've been a fanatic about working out all my life.
