American,Athlete
What I'm saying is that, unlike a lot of portrayals of me, I'm not hiding behind the sunglasses. I'm out there working. I'm not trying to sell anybody anything, but I do realize we're entertainers.
You don't have to hit perfect shots all the time here. The variety of shots you get to play, the shots you sometimes have to hit along the ground, it's just a lot of fun to me.
I was in the middle of the golf tournament trying to make birdies and I was just having a blast. So that probably qualifies as having a greater appreciation.
Confidence is such a fragile and precious thing.
And if people do like me, I think it's because I'm a stand-up guy.
I think about what I say. I don't give stock answers. I'm not trying to cultivate an image with the public, like several of the top players do.
I love hitting the ball, controlling the ball. And yeah, even the roar of the crowd. I enjoy the roar of the crowd probably less than some players and more than some. But I'm not out here to be a celebrity.
But you know, I'm just not a quitter.
I know the other side. I know what awful golf is.
The way I grew up playing, and the way most Americans have grown up, is that you hit the ball up in the air and then it stops where it lands.
I've seen the bottom and I know the difference between good golf and bad golf.
I didn't do anything spectacular when I won the Open in 2001. I hit the ball good, not great. I putted good, not great, but I think I missed maybe two putts inside eight feet all week.
You do what you need to if you're serious about playing great golf.
I went to Q-school knowing that I could play well and get through.
You've got to make an effort on your own. Some people don't even try.
It's a silly old game.
Maybe that's some of the reason I feel so good today. Maybe I finally realised that it's just a game.
But just like I've always said when people complain about tee times, 'I just want a tee time. Just give me one so I can play.'
At the U.S. Open, you're going to make bogeys.
I've just been working hard, trying to get some good stuff to come out.
I may not look it when I'm playing, but I think I'm a fun guy to hang with when I'm relaxing.
We might not make what athletes in other sports make, but we have greater longevity and we do have certain freedoms to do things they can't do. Like stay home one week and play the next week.
We're often portrayed as rich, spoiled athletes who play a game for too much money.
I realize what it means to be financially comfortable, and I want to be that. But I'm lucky enough to be in that position. And I'm also careful. I save 38 percent of my earnings after expenses, before taxes.
When I'm swinging well, nobody hits the golf ball any better than I do.
I love competing.
