English,Athlete
You have to focus on the future and know that you can succeed in life, and you have to keep working hard.
We've got to be right mentally - to stay focused and not get carried away if results go our way.
You always look to impress.
It is important we don't become complacent, do our job and stay professional.
It's important you stay professional and keep working, and I'm thankful for everything that's happened to me.
Goals are a big part of my game. Maybe in my first few games at Tottenham, I didn't show that - I wasn't getting forward enough.
Whoever is managing you, you want to play your best and do your best for your country.
I didn't really think about going to another club; I wanted to be a Tottenham player and play at Tottenham.
I haven't changed. I'm still the same boy, and I'm just going to keep doing what I'm doing.
Defensively, I could be a lot better; my decision-making at times can be a bit poor.
I'm still 19, and I've got a lot to learn. I've got to keep improving and not get too carried away with myself.
It's not something I worry about: I can control my temper!
When I signed for Tottenham, my target was to get 10 starts.
Whoever you're playing against, you want to do as well as you can.
One time, I had a nightmare for two weeks after an advert.
I've shown people what I can do and want to establish myself as a Premier League player.
I think confidence is a big part of it. Also luck - the ball has got to fall for you in the right time and the right place.
I've always thrived under the pressure of the big games. I enjoy that, and there's nothing I get afraid about.
I enjoy playing at Tottenham and England as well.
Aggression is something that is a part of me, and I'm never going to take that out of my game.
I like to enjoy the game and to have fun and express myself as much as I can.
Things always change in football, and you can never predict anything.
It's happened so quickly, starting at Tottenham, playing for England.
When you are playing with a few players in the pocket, it doesn't leave me isolated. I have a bit more space to work and be higher up the pitch.
MK has got a special place in my heart, but obviously, I have signed to Tottenham.
Obviously, being from MK and playing for MK my whole life, to get us promoted would be a dream come true.
I think every manager is different in their own way.
Steven Gerrard was someone I looked up to massively. I'd always try to copy him, right down to the boots he was wearing. It was his attitude on the pitch that stood out - you could really see how much he hated losing.
It's a big jump from League One, but I'm confident in my ability, and I can't thank the players enough for how they've helped me settle in and for the way I'm performing.
I'm not going to lie: I'm a competitive player. I think there's no point playing football if you're not competitive and you don't want to win games.
I wanted a name on my shirt that represented who I am, and I feel I have no connection with the Alli surname.
I'd love to play for Spurs and play at White Hart Lane. It won't be easy, and I'll have fight for my place in the team, but I'll work hard to do that.
Pochettino's a great manager, and he puts a lot of trust in young English players.
I used to run 800 metres for the school.
I am just enjoying playing. There is nothing to be scared of.
I am not going to look too far forward - I've still got a lot to learn.
