Argentinian,Athlete
My mother thinks I am the best. And I was raised to always believe what my mother tells me.
You can say a lot of things about me, but you can never say I don't take risks.
When you win, you don't get carried away. But if you go step by step, with confidence, you can go far.
To see the ball, to run after it, makes me the happiest man in the world.
There would be no debate about who was the best footballer the world had ever seen - me or Pele. Everyone would say me.
Everybody in Argentina can remember 'the hand of God' in the England match in the 1986 World Cup. Now, in my country, the 'hand of God' has brought us an Argentinian pope.
If I could apologise and go back and change history I would do. But the goal is still a goal, Argentina became world champions and I was the best player in the world.
I am black or white, I'll never be grey in my life.
In the end, it is about whether God wants us to be in the final, but I know that is what God wants. This time we will not need the Hand of God, because it is the will of God.
God makes me play well. That is why I always make the sign of a cross when I walk out on to the pitch. I feel I would be betraying him if I didn't.
I'll be too old to face a difficult championship as the one in America will surely be.
All the people that criticised me should eat their words.
The problem is that they are all stars at Madrid. You need someone to carry the water to the well.
If you don't want to play clean football then go up into the stands.
Beckham is a nice man and I'm sure he will reach 100 appearances for England. But he is just a good player, nothing more.
There are hundreds of Beckhams playing football all over the world.
At the moment there are some England players who are the stars of their club teams, but not for their country. It's difficult to explain.
Of course in the first matches you are more careful, perhaps more careful than you should be.
I'm not desperate but I know that some day I'll be the coach again of some team.
I certainly have an advantage over some because I can pass on so much from the World Cups I played in.
I gave all I had. Now I want to enjoy my family.
I am Maradona, who makes goals, who makes mistakes. I can take it all, I have shoulders big enough to fight with everybody.
I have 23 top players and they are all ready to put on the jersey and work on the pitch and that makes you happy and then you have peace of mind.
Things are neither clear nor clean in the world of football right now and many people recognise this reality.
Many people agree with me that many things are not clear in football these days and it is not something people who watch football deserve. The situation will be the same while football is run by people who do not understand football.
To see my country lose a football match is very hard for someone who has worn the shirt.
