American,Athlete
The only thing I can do is fight. Win or lose, I'm here every damn time.
There is nothing more I love more than being in a throw-down on a Saturday night.
I live a wild and crazy life.
For a while, I drank the juice - I did things the way everybody else said to. I listened to their advice. But it didn't work.
I just fell in love with the cowboy way of life.
The young guys keep me motivated. Youngsters coming up behind me.
Sometimes you just don't show up, and in our profession, it's a bad day.
I eat a lot of candy. I can't survive without candy.
I just love to be out on the lake, wakeboard, surfing, just playing, man.
I don't take much pride in fake fighting.
It's kind of stupid that people think I'm just partying all the time.
Jose Aldo, he's a stud, and I would be honored to be in there to throw down with him.
You don't have to get ready if you stay ready, alright? I'm always in the gym, always training, all the time.
To be honest I quit taking training and fighting so seriously and went back to living my life and having fun. I try to teach that to all the guys who come out here to train and live with me.
People get all caught up thinking they have to train a certain way or take a certain approach to things, but there's so much more to this than fitting into what other people think you are supposed to do. You have to have fun and enjoy what you are doing; otherwise, what is it all worth?
I'm not trying to be anything other than the way I was born and raised.
When I fought Benson Henderson for the first time, or Jamie Varner, it was always like, 'Oh man... I'm in here fighting these guys. Do I really belong here?' That's all changed now.
They aren't going to take my guns. I have 44 guns, and they aren't going to take my guns.
I want to be a professional wakeboarder.
They need to enforce how and who to give guns to. But there are Americans like me who are responsible, and they shouldn't take that away. If they outlaw guns, they won't take mine.
You see all the movies where people say, 'Don't fight out of anger'? They say that for a reason.
Wrestling is something I feel really confident in now.
Milk Duds and Hot Tamales are what I love.
Who am I to say CM Punk is a joke?
I am never more or less motivated for a fight - it's always the same.
If you're in the UFC, you're one of the baddest dudes around.
Standing there and throwing, that's what everyone likes to see.
I train every day and do what I love.
I remember being a kid and saying, 'One day, I'm going to have a ranch. One day, one day, one day.' And now, I'm fighting in the UFC. I'm here making the money, and that one day is here. I can finally go get those things that I want.
I took up scuba diving, and my next big thing is BASE jumping.
I've never pulled out of a fight, never not showed up to fight, so injured or not, I'm coming.
It's a relaxed intensity I've got to live my life in.
MMA makes you sore and tired every day. I wonder what we're going to be like when we're 50 or 60. I wake up some mornings and just say, 'Oh, God.' And then I go scuba diving.
I would fight every month. Think about the finances I would have. That would be financial freedom.
Put 'Cowboy' on every card. I'd be ready to go.
I could definitely make 145. But if 'Cowboy' is going to 145, I'm going after somebody who matters.
I enjoy fighting. It's one of my favorite things to do in the world, so I'm just enjoying every minute of it.
This sport gives you the highest highs and the lowest lows.
The opponent never matters to me. That's something I've always said.
When they raise your hand, Oh my God, the feeling is unbelievable.
I feel so much better at 170, man.
Dos Anjos, his wrestling and grappling is supposed to be good, but I feel my Jiu Jitsu, wrestling and striking is way better. I'm better than him all across the board.
Even when I was a little punk kid, I would fight anybody - it didn't matter. That's who I've been my whole life.
That's my style of fighting. I am throwing down, you know? Having fun. And that's my approach to life.
I thought I would be laying hardwood floors in Colorado - a construction worker. Middle class or working class, that's where I was! I just fought because I loved it. It was so fun! Being able to go in there and outthink your opponents.
Whether I'm in the main event or on the preliminary card, the same Cowboy is going to be out there.
I see the business side of it and moving up the ladder towards the title. That's where the money's at. That's the overall goal.
Bring the fights on. If I'm going to be the champ, I gotta beat everyone anyway, so what does sitting and waiting and holding my position do?
Colorado's home for me.
I've been all over the world. I've been to Japan, Africa, Morocco, everywhere. Heck yeah, I would go to Ireland. Why not?
I signed a contract to fight at UFC 187, so I'm going to fight at UFC 187, whoever it is against. It's the same thing.
I'm not worried about a title. It's just go and have fun.
I don't want to sound arrogant or cocky, but taking a fight on short notice against 'Cowboy,' you have to be mentally strong.
I remember kickboxing and traveling the world when I was young. I would go to Japan or Africa, and I would go for the experience. As soon as I got off the plane, we'd go have a good time, party. Fighting was just the outlet of what I was doing there.
That Evan Dunham fight, I went back to not being serious. I was going to the lake and literally brought some wrestling mats down with me. We have a shop at the lake where we park the boat. I'd throw the mats in there, wakeboard all day, and train all night. I was having a good time, getting back to work.
Fighting angry and fighting mad isn't good.
You have a short window, you know, and if I plan on living the lifestyle I want, I've got to make a nest egg.
I'll fight every weekend - hell yeah.
Bull riding is fun, but fighting is it.
You ever try to beat your dad up? It just don't happen. He's got that old man strength.
If you want to be the best, you've got to beat the best. The only problem is when I get that belt, who's going to be left to fight? That's what I want to know.
I'll fight on Fight Pass; it's all the same to me.
I just take the fights and do what I love.
You're not just top-10 UFC because you suck.
The UFC has been nothing but great to me. I can't complain; they give me what I want.
I've had people say I'm inconsistent, and sure, I've never held a UFC or WEC title.
I thought that Yoel Romero and Tim Means got the only two tainted bottles of protein in the world. I thought it was crazy. You never know with these companies; you've got to be careful.
You've got to know what you put in your body. That's it.
Is there any hungry fighters out there that say they don't get paid enough by the UFC? I tell you what: Cowboy's got the answer. Sign on the line. I don't care where you're at on the roster. Let's go.
I'm not going to grant Bobby Green his wishes by fighting him and responding to his nonsense.
We have no one to stand up for the fighters' rights. If something bad were to happen, no one backs him, and it's just him alone, and everything gets washed out. We need people to stand up and fight for it.
I'm a guy who likes to keep fighting five, six times a year, so if I ask for too much money, they might say, 'Well, we pay you too much. We can't let you keep jumping backwards and forwards and promote it.' The money I'm making is good to keep grabbing short-notice fights. I love them; they're my favorite ones.
