Jamaican,Athlete
Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams.
Every kid needs a mentor. Everybody needs a mentor.
Always educate yourself.
I'd like to be a more consistent starter. I'd like a smoother transition from crouching to running. I have to learn to relax during a race and how to breathe.
You find sprinters testing other sprinters' mental capability. But these are my good friends on the track. I don't think we need to do that.
I was working in corporate Canada and I was doing all right. But I was burnt out... Long hours, a lot of clients. I just wanted to get away. Track and field was sort of like the elimination thing. I just wanted to go and do something. Exercise my brain and my body and kind of gravitate to that.
I'm Jamaican, man. I'm Jamaican first. You gotta understand that's where I'm from. That's home. That you can never take away from me. I'm a Jamaican-born Canadian sprinter.
I want to give as many Canadians the opportunity to be successful and if we can use their athletic gifts to get them a free degree or a free diploma across the border then I guess I'm doing my job.
I think that every single person should play sports.
I'm a competitor.
A team sport is not very good for me, because I can't take losing.
In running, I can internalize that intensity. I can handle it because it's me and I'm coming back in the next race. I'm always ready for the next race.
I do a lot of media work, I've been investing and I'm involved with real estate. It's totally different from what I had been doing but I find it challenging and fun. To be honest, I really don't miss the track. I pretty well accomplished what I set out to do and it was time to move on.
I'll have to say winning the Olympic gold in Atlanta is a crowning achievement, along with the gold in the relay in the same games.
I love music, and a lot of it. Jazz is probably on the top with guys like Miles Davis. But I even enjoy music from the '60s and '70s.
