American,Athlete
A change of scenery can help everything.
Every outing is a learning experience.
I'm 5 o'clock lightning, for sure.
I was a thrower. I think I'm more of a pitcher now.
Seven innings, three starts in a row, that's an improvement for me, and that's what I want to do: be out there in the game longer.
Every time is a learning experience, and you pick up a little bit, and you learn things and try not to repeat them the next time.
I just want to pitch well enough for us to win. In my mind, that's what it's all about.
I was 11 years old and have the same curveball I have now. So I was literally striking everybody out. I always threw hard, and I was bigger than all the kids, so I would throw hard and throw that curveball, and no one could hit me.
I was in the big leagues my first year in pro ball - pretty fast. I really don't think I had an understanding of what it meant to be a pitcher at that level at that point.
When you don't have one that you throw for strikes - they are good hitters - they can cancel out one pitch and go to another. Now I have four pitches. If one's not working, I've got three others. It makes the game totally different.
My dad taught me really early so I could take a lot of pressure off my elbow. Because the way I throw it, it doesn't crank up my elbow like everyone else's curveballs.
No one wants to be known as a six-inning guy.
Six innings, you're doing your job. That's a good target to have, but I'm always looking to improve. There's three more innings of improvement left.
I've got four pitches now. I don't have to use them all the time, but I've got them in my pocket now for when it's necessary.
At the end of the day, it's me versus you, and I'm trying to get you out. If I can throw you six curveballs in a row and get you out, I'm going to do it all day.
I don't mind walking guys as long as I don't give up runs.
The cutter has really helped me stay in the game longer and helped me get past the five, six innings a little more consistently.
Repeating my mechanics was difficult. I was always trying to do something different to make it click.
If you don't feel right, you're going to try to tweak every pitch, every little thing, things that probably don't even need tweaking.
I have to do a better job of learning how to adjust.
I've had the benefit of doing pretty much everything. So I'm really pretty comfortable in any situation.
After the first time I got traded - I was in the bullpen warming up for a game in Double A, and I got called back in and got traded - that was probably the, like, most crazy it could be. And once I got traded, the next time it got a little easier, and I got traded the next time - it's just part of it.
It's pretty frustrating waiting for anything.
It's hard to be a two-pitch guy. People tell you that, but you don't really believe it.
You can be a two-pitch guy and be successful, but your room for error is very small.
It hasn't been very normal in my career, but that first year in pro ball was the craziest year ever.
