French,Athlete
I am searching for abstract ways of expressing reality, abstract forms that will enlighten my own mystery.
When the seagulls follow the trawler, it is because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea.
If someone is too perfect they won't look good. Imperfection is important.
Children go where they find sincerity and authenticity.
Manchester United is stronger than anybody in the world.
Sometimes you surprise the goalkeeper and sometimes the goalkeeper surprises you. In my career, I tried to do more of the first than the second.
I found leaving Manchester United very, very hard.
I think I have a sense of mischief and that I can laugh at myself.
The pressure people put on themselves and the rivalry between the teams is much more marked. And I think that's a good thing. As long as that rivalry remains within the spirit of competition, it con only spur everyone on.
Some people need to stay at the top. They are afraid to re-start from zero because they fear the critics.
He who has regrets cannot look at himself in the mirror.
We all seem to be about aggression and greed. It's a massive pressure that affects us all.
My ancestors were fighters, something I have inherited.
I always planned to retire when I was at the top and at Manchester United I have reached the pinnacle of my career.
My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan.
You can feel very quickly as a prisoner of your past, of the memories.
Often there are players who have only football as a way of expressing themselves and never develop other interests. And when they no longer play football, they no longer do anything; they no longer exist, or rather they have the sensation of no longer existing.
We knew that you don't get to be world champions without a struggle.
Every experience makes you a man.
Great businessmen are creators.
I'm just enjoying my life at the moment.
I don't care about the past.
I don't take life so seriously... I can just play with life.
When the seagulls follow the trawler, it's because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea.
I'm proud of what I achieved there, but a life built on memories is not much of a life.
Football lost its excitement for me.
The French have only negative things to say about everything and everyone.
The revolution is really easy to do nowadays.
I don't think we can be entirely happy seeing such misery around us.
I like to stay at home and make cinema in my head.
I don't want to go to Hollywood.
For me, I don't like it when there is too much interference in our lives. We're not children. It is our own life in our hands.
We can be eaten by techniques and forget what we have inside of us.
I try to be honest.
When you arrive in England for football it's a paradise.
I have great memories.
I apologize for nothing.
I always wanted to play against the best.
I think life is a big game we play.
What is the system? It revolves around the banks, the system is built on the power of the banks, so it can be destroyed through the banks.
I like to be fascinated by the people I photograph. Sometimes I don't admire them but I'm interested in them.
You retire, but you're still aching to play. But in order to play, you have to resist certain temptations, and train hard. And I just didn't have the desire to do that any more.
I always knew I had to work hard.
The real fans of football come from the working class. Now they cannot afford to come and watch the game.
I'm never bored.
We all have common frailties but we need to treasure friends more.
My father's parents were from Sardinia and my mother's from Barcelona.
I see the world become so uniform. Everybody has to be the same. I like people who are different.
I have to wear clothes but I don't like to give an idea of what I am with clothes.
I have a car but it's not important.
Being French, to me, is first and foremost being a revolutionary.
Some films I say no to and they end up working very well, but I don't care, I just want to do something exciting.
I'm lucky to have the privilege of being able to choose what I want to do.
Being on stage isn't so tough compared to the football pitch.
I observe the world and the people surrounding me.
A home is crucial, the foundation of a stable family.
It is unacceptable that people often have to make huge sacrifices just to find a place to live, a roof over their heads.
I didn't want really to be involved in a normal soccer club.
I think it's better to be involved in one or two movies a year.
Desire is important.
