American,Athlete
A true champion will fight through anything.
You have good days, you have bad days. But the main thing is to grow mentally.
I know that there's a god because I was able to survive everything that I've been through - all of the tough times - and I'm still at the top of my game.
When you're the best, you only want to surround yourself with the best.
You've got to have a villain and they'll always make me a villain. I'm used to it - it makes me work harder and it makes me fight harder.
Worry about going out there and making your own legacy.
Boxing is real easy. Life is much harder.
A true champion can adapt to anything.
God only made one thing in this world that's perfect - and that's my boxing record.
Don't ever know who you may meet, or just because a person may not be dressed up all fancy, don't mean they're not an important person. You just don't ever know who you're gonna meet in life. So that's why I look at everybody as equal. Can't just judge. I treat everybody with respect. Every man.
My whole outlook on life is, never judge a book by its cover.
I come from a very rough background, and I'm saying that if you work hard and dedicate yourself that you can make it, too.
Most people should be talking about how Floyd Mayweather is a great undefeated future Hall of Famer that's his own promoter and that works extremely hard to get to where he's at. Instead, all you hear is hate and jealous remarks from critics who criticize me and, you know, most of the time, the people that criticize me can't do what I can do.
Mike Tyson was one of the fighters who motivated me. How? We both used to train at the Golden Gloves boxing gym. I used to see his Rolls-Royce, his diamond Rolex on, and I said, 'You know what? Those are the things that I want.'
I would lie in bed, and I was nine years old, and say to myself: 'I want to be the richest man in the world.' I've come a long way from there.
When people see what I have now, they have no idea of where I came from and how I didn't have anything growing up.
You hear certain things, negative things, all the time that aren't true, but you never hear about the positive.
I haven't took no punishment. There's nothing cool about taking punishment.
If you fight angry, you make a lot of mistakes, and when you fight a sharp, witty fighter like me, you can't make mistakes.
For Conor McGregor, I'm coming out of retirement just to fight Conor McGregor.
I'm always focused.
You have to protect yourself at all times. What goes around comes around.
Self-preservation is an important thing to me.
I can remember 1987 when I had my first amateur fight in Michigan, weighing 64lb. I was 10 years old. I was the youngest and smallest guy on my team. I can remember what I ate. There was this restaurant called Ponderosa, and my dad made me eat a steak. I was happy. It was a first round knockout. I slept with my trophy for two weeks.
I'm going to always bleed the red, white, and blue. I represented the U.S. in the Olympics; I love my country. But the U.S. fans will love you on Monday; if you lose, they'll hate you on Tuesday. If you win, it will be back to loving you on Wednesday.
I'm a boxer who believes that the object of the sport is to hit and not get hit.
I knew Dana White as a good guy, a good square guy.
All the money I have, I got it legally.
People have said things about me, and wrote and criticized me about things in the past, but it goes in one ear and out the other.
My kids are the future of the Mayweather family and of the Mayweather brand. I feel our family is stronger if we stay together.
Boxing's in my genes. I come from a fighting background. My dad and both my uncles were good boxers. I'm blessed with the art of war.
When I step in the ring, I bring everything I have.
I feel like everybody is against Floyd Mayweather. I don't get any respect.
When you go back and really listen to the legendary rappers, this is timeless music. Guys like Biggie, guys like Pac, timeless music.
Racism still exists in the sport of boxing.
What I learned from boxing and what everyone can take in real life is to follow directions, follow order. Don't give nobody a hard time.
There comes a time when money doesn't matter.
I push myself to the limit.
I'm always going to love my father.
When you talking boxing, you talking me.
In the end, you have to protect yourself at all times.
I think I already proved that I wasn't just fighting for the money, because I fought as an amateur. I fought 90 fights for free.
I love basketball.
You know, as a young child, I lay in my bedroom and I swore to myself then: 'I'm not going to smoke and I'm not going to drink.' And I said I'm not going to just say that when I'm a kid. I'm going to stick to that as an adult. I kept that in mind my whole life.
I think my grandmother saw my potential first. When I was young, I told her, 'I think I should get a job.' She said, 'No, just keep boxing.'
You can never overlook a guy.
A lot of times, in the beginning of my career, I put pressure on myself just because I wanted to perform so well. I just wanted to be perfect.
Nobody is faster than me.
There's ups and downs with boxing, layoffs are part of the sport and they can either help or hurt a guy.
I'm not in this sport to take punishment.
My skills are still my skills.
I'm a man of my word.
My dad was in a hospital for months. The doctors told my dad he would never be able to walk again. My dad beat all the odds. He came back and was able to walk and start boxing again. He went to No. 1 in the world at welterweight to fight for the world title. But he never had his chance to fight for a world title.
When I was about 8 or 9, I lived in New Jersey with my mother and we were seven deep in one bedroom and sometimes we didn't have electricity.
If I'm scared and I'm a coward, why do you guys want to see me fight?
I got a big mouth.
You know, everybody has a slogan, and once you beat people over the head with it so much, then that's what you'll eventually be called once you retire from the sport or whatever.
I knew boxing before I knew anything else.
I don't adjust my training for any of my opponents. I don't watch films on my opponents.
Boxing is what pays my bills.
Different days, I think about different victories. Ricky Hatton is one of those fights. I respect Ricky Hatton. He's a warrior. He's a hell of a warrior.
No one thought the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight would happen, but I had patience.
I just want to be the best. I haven't been in an all-out war. That doesn't mean I'm not the best.
Bernard Hopkins? He fights scary dirty. I mean, he did what he had to do in his career.
When no one knew who Dana White was... Dana White used to run around with me, hang out with me, and I treated him just like anyone else in my camp.
When they said, 'Why is Floyd Mayweather not fighting Manny Pacquiao?' it was because Manny Pacquiao had a boss. I don't have a boss.
I turned pro as a 20-year-old, won a world title a year later, and remained a world champion ever since.
I commend Chris Brown and Soulja Boy for going out there for so many years and entertaining the people.
I'm not here to judge. We don't know what Trump can do.
Everywhere I go, I will make a good payday. But we got to choose the right opponent and the right time and the right venue.
I've set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business.
I'm not in this sport to say a guy can beat me.
I basically raised myself.
I'll back up anything my dad says.
When I was in the ring at the Olympics, it was my father's words that I was hearing, not the coaches'. 'I never listened to what the coaches said. I would call my father and he would give me advice from prison.
I land a higher percentage of punches than any boxer in boxing.
I want to be promoted in the urban areas. A lot of African-American people should know more about me.
I always put my boxing first.
I like to play table tennis, spend time with my kids.
I ain't never nervous. Never nervous.
I'm a professional fighter and like most professional fighters I have had difficulties with my hands in the past.
When they put me on ESPN and they talk about negative things, or when they put me on TMZ and they talk about negative things, I'm just glad that I'm relevant; to have lasted this long being relevant.
Some people are just right for you.
The American fans would love to see me fight anybody.
I loved competing and winning and also wanted to continue my career for the fans, knowing they were there for me and enjoyed watching me fight.
Even though I made $800 million, I am still grounded.
Barack Obama was a good president, and hopefully, Donald Trump is a good president.
I'm not here to judge Mike Tyson. I'm not here to judge nobody. I'm not here to monitor no other fighters. I respect him for what he did in the sport of boxing. He was an entertainer.
A lot of times, we get stuck, and we are followers. When you hear one person say, 'black lives matter,' or 'blue lives matter,' all lives matter. It's not right what is going on in this world on both sides.
Larry Merchant's just a commentator. He don't know nothing about boxing.
You could take me anywhere. You could take me to the moon, and believe me, everybody's going to try to take a trip to the moon to watch me fight.
We talk about these legendary fighters, talk about how they had hundred-something fights, hundred-something victories... but when you look at the history books, I still beat more world champions than any fighter in history.
Ali was a threat because he was a voice, and the people hated Ali when he was a voice, but once Ali could no longer speak and he wasn't a voice, they loved him. Love me now. I don't want to be loved if I could barely walk or barely talk. That's not cool.
Mayweather Promotions - we are the past, the present, and the future of sports and entertainment, and everybody knows Mayweather's pay is better.
