American,Athlete
I'm glad I don't have to make a living farming. Too much hard work. Too many variables you don't have control over, like, is it going to rain? All I can say is, god bless the real farmers out there.
Vodka does not ease back pain. But it does get your mind off it.
The key factor in the vodka category is smoothness, and smoothness is what our vodka has.
When you have strings, everybody pulls you here and pulls you there.
If the pressure is getting to you, whistle. In a barely audible way. It's the best way I know of to let go of tension. Music gets your mind off the situation, and the act of whistling melts the tension out of your body.
It was Jack's and Tom Watson's day yesterday. But today, it's another day.
Life is not a bowl full of cherries, there's good and bad stuff.
There's a lot of great people out here, I just appreciate it and hope everybody has had fun because I've enjoyed my ride.
Every shot makes someone happy.
A million thoughts went through my mind. What little mind I have.
You would think that Freddy Couples-Nick Price would be the team to beat, but I'll tell you in skins, it's a matter of just hitting it at the right time.
There is something magical about that green coat. I mean that sincerely. It's a very special week, and being able to wear that green jacket. It's made my whole career. It's special.
When I hosted the dinner I served fast food hamburgers. It had nothing to do with black, white, purple, yellow, green race. it had nothing to do with Tiger or his family or his golf game.
Have a little fun. A few laughs.
When things are going good they just keep going good.
I realize I'm not a machine. I'm going to make mistakes.
I win everyday I'm out there.
I might not come home with hardware, but I'm winning.
They talk about Amen Corner but there's so much more to it than what meets the eye on this golf course.
I wasn't sure I'd ever win again. Every time I got close, somebody seemed to play a little better.
It's nice to walk into a club and see your picture. Then you know you've done something good.
The greatest thing about golf, there's no end to it unless you're dead. You just go from here to the Senior Tour.
At the British Open, I had my opportunities, but the ball just didn't want to go in the hole on the back nine.
I think I can be competitive. Heck, anybody who can walk to the first tee here has a chance.
I have to make things right with Tiger first before anything else.
I hope everybody's had fun, because I've enjoyed my ride. I can tell you that. Now it's time to step aside and let some other young kid come in and win. Hopefully, they will, too.
