American,Athlete
You just have to be yourself and go full with confidence and be courageous.
It's very tough for me to focus. I'm like: 'Look, something shiny! No, focus. Oh, there goes a butterfly!'
I give all the glory to God. It's kind of a win-win situation. The glory goes up to Him and the blessings fall down on me.
Gold medals are made out of sweat, blood and tears and effort in the gym every day.
I kind of do think of myself as a superhero and just flying high, and doing these crazy flips.
You know, God has a plan for me, and I'm going to follow in his footsteps and just rejoice and be happy.
I like squirrels. They're so adventurous.
I wear makeup pretty much every day. For training, I usually do a lighter base, a lighter blush and I used the mascara and a little bit of the lip gloss.
Always be courageous and strong, and don't fear.
The hard work definitely paid off and hard work always does.
My mom says I'm a fighter, a fierce competitor, and I think I am, too.
I love all the attention, people noticing me. 'There's the gymnast. There she is!'
I had to face a lot coming through this journey, a lot of sacrifices, difficulties, challenges, and injuries.
I'm not gonna lie, I love Usain Bolt and Serena Williams. What I love about Serena is that she just gets on the floor and she dominates. She handles her business very well, I respect that.
Even before I competed in the Olympics, I always wanted to write a book.
We can choose a path that leads us into trouble. It all comes down to our decisions at the end of the day.
Gold medals are made out of your sweat, blood and tears, and effort in the gym every day, and sacrificing a lot.
Oprah has definitely caught my eye. My mom and I used to watch her shows. We just love her.
You need your mom and dad to protect you. It means they love you so much.
I want to do all roles. The sky's the limit.
I would love to be a role model.
My mom used to tell me when I was little, 'When it rains, it's God's manifestation - a big day's waiting to happen.'
I wake up at about 9 a.m., and have a few hours of school or time to relax. Then, I have practice at 2:30 p.m. with my team.
I used to have this lucky rock and I used to always have to rub it three times before I competed.
I think I would go for a Michael Phelps kind of guy.
I googled 'Gabby Douglas,' and all these things popped up like 'Gabby Douglas makes history!' And 'She's the champion!'
