Athlete
I'm not just a model who plays volleyball, or a volleyball player who supports herself modeling. I'm a female athlete personality.
I want to play until the end.
You slam the bottom and either walk away or suck it up and get through it.
My three best friends get me through everything: I need cute jeans, my kids are driving me crazy, I'm throwing a party, whatever. They keep me dialed in.
If you want to stay fit, surround yourself with a couple of chicks who are fired up, so that the one day you're not, you can feed off their energy.
Taking care of yourself is so important.
Even if I'm gone all day, breakfast is the one meal I always cook for my kids. I make French toast, oatmeal, or an egg burrito.
My body is a vehicle for the mechanics of my sport.
It's sort of like, our bodies are designed to keep moving, and when we don't move it, we're not going to feel great.
I am a babe for a living.
I didn't get into this to pick up a new hobby. I don't want to just be a golfer. I want to be the best.
I don't have a life, I really don't. I'm as close to a nun as you can be without the little hat. I'm a golf nun.
I don't want to be famous famous. I'm happy on the second tier, where I have autonomy on a professional level but I can still go out to the movies without being recognized.
I guess I crave stability.
I'm a natural. That's why I make the big bucks.
I'm very open-minded.
Stay calm and aggressive.
I always have a million things going on at once, but I try to put my energy into the most immediate need.
With both kids, I started working out again at 16 days postpartum, but I treated myself with kindness, doing mild workouts, because my fitness level was lower.
My motivation has always been health - eating healthy and taking care of myself.
'The HoneyLine' is my web site and TV segments that were birthed out of the stark reality that we all need a few people to help navigate this life.
If you don't know one thing about Kid Rock it's that he's loyal. His band has been together for a long time, he stands by his friends, and the guy still lives in his home state of Michigan.
Funny, how moms can tell you what to do no matter how old or big you are.
I can't sing but I can understand wanting to keep a balance, trying to pursue dreams, while creating a stable environment for my children.
On a regular basis I go over in my mind some of the most troublesome things I see about how people approach eating, and the wonder mess we have made out of a very simple thing.
Eating and food are a wonderful part of our life's experience, and half of us are walking around dreading having to figure out what to put in our mouths.
