Irish,Athlete
I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
Maybe 'loner' is too strong a word, but I've always enjoyed being on my own.
Love is about mutual respect, apart from attraction.
The best thing about being a dad? Well, I think it's just the thing that every man wants - to have a son and heir.
I've always been a bit of a gypsy.
I can remember earning £5,000 a game playing for Hibs at the end of the Seventies. They let me commute from London, train on the Friday and play on Saturday. That lasted until my friends at the Inland Revenue decided to take two-thirds. That wasn't very entertaining for me.
The people of Northern Ireland have sorted out my whole life.
It's a big compliment that so many people want to see me. For them, it's all about football. That's what they remember about me.
I used to dream about taking the ball 'round the keeper, stopping it on the line, and then getting on my hands and knees and heading it into the net. When I scored against Benfica in the 1968 European Cup final, I nearly did it. I left the keeper for dead, but then I chickened out.
If I'd been born ugly, you'd never have heard of Pele.
They'll forget all the rubbish when I've gone, and they'll remember the football. If only one person thinks I'm the best player in the world, that's good enough for me.
In 1969, I gave up women and alcohol - it was the worst 20 minutes of my life.
If you make up your own mind, you can only blame yourself.
My long hair and the sideburns made me stand out, really, because my hairstyle was completely different to the other footballers of that era.
I've stopped drinking, but only while I'm asleep.
I was 19 or 20 when The Beatles were at their peak, and I was coming up to the peak of my career, too. I was also the first footballer to have long hair, and that's how I got my nickname 'the Fifth Beatle.'
From the FA to UEFA and FIFA, there's a naivety, a lack of knowledge and understanding and packed with people who are out of touch.
The onus is on the managers to send out an attacking formation and to tell their players to be bold.
I'm lucky that, despite all the bad press I've had over the years, the public still seems to like me.
Drink is the only opponent I have been unable to beat.
I was probably the first footballer ever to have a pop-star profile, and my agent was right when he said we could put my name on stair rods and sell them to people in bungalows.
I noticed that when I touched the ball on the field, you could hear this shrill noise in the crowd with all the birds screaming like at a Beatles concert.
There isn't a single player I would pay to watch. You can say Thierry Henry, he's a fabulous striker, with pace and power, but a great entertainer needs to have charisma, too. Does he have charisma? No.
When I look back on my life as a whole, it is impossible for me not to feel blessed.
I'd have to be superman to do some of the things I'm supposed to have done, I've been at six different places at six different times.
I used to go missing a lot... Miss Canada, Miss United Kingdom, Miss World.
At the start of the season, there are 16 teams in the top division looking behind them, making sure they avoid relegation. The fear starts in the boardroom, comes down to managers and through to players. The fans sense it.
My one big regret is that I didn't play on for ten more years.
Players now have a groin injury for months and months, and I often think they don't really give a toss whether they're playing or not because they're getting paid anyway.
Just as I wanted to outdo everyone when I played, I had to outdo everyone when we were out on the town.
I got my buzz from playing.
One reason I don't want to play in England again is because we don't have any personalities.
As long as I stay in training and play well, I don't see what objection there can be to what I do off the field.
In England, when an athlete gets to the top, we do our best to destroy him.
I have really been disillusioned with soccer in England.
I dressed more like a pop star, I suppose, rather than the traditional blazer and tall trousers other players went for.
