American,Athlete
Always wear a smile because you never know who is watching.
Skating can make you feel athletic, graceful, beautiful.
There are tons of great names who have gotten fourth at their first Olympics, and they just kept with it for the next quad. I'm among good company.
When it comes down to competition, it's not always about the best skater, it's about who skates the best in that competition.
I think that's something to look forward to: The new Gracie Gold at the Olympics. In 2014, you'll see a lot of the warm Gracie, and not just the athletic Gracie.
I can't live without mascara and lipstick - every day.
I've been competitive since day one. Even in little things as a child, like having a twin and a direct competitor for who makes better cookies.
I always wear my evil eye necklace to ward off bad karma. I always wear one to protect me.
I always wear a pair of colored jeans and fun boots. I have a really cute pair of stars-and-stripes Converse, and I love wearing all my bright Nike shoes.
Everyone has their dreams. I don't write my dreams down; they just live inside of me.
Someone named Gold has never won gold, I'm told.
I pretty much knew that I was going to come in fourth, but then I said, 'I'm fourth at the Olympic Games. What are you talking about? Why is that disappointing?'
There is always the next big thing, the next big skater.
Everyone saying, 'She'll bring back women's skating. This will be the one to watch at the Olympics.' And they say things that are so far away, but really, you have to bring it back in and look at the next competition, the next day, what you want to accomplish because if you get too far ahead of yourself, you can trip yourself up.
I definitely have two Olympics in me; I don't know about three Olympics.
While I circled around and around in my brown rental skates, I studied a group of skaters spinning in the center. I was fascinated! When my mom picked me up, I began a campaign for skating lessons.
It's just skating, and you're going to have a couple of mistakes. Even in practice, you're not hitting 100%.
Now that I have an Olympic medal in my room, it makes me hungry for another and a different color one.
My mom was born in San Diego, around Vista. So we've always been California people.
I always put a layer of lip balm first, and then I layer the lipstick on by using a lip brush to help get it into the whole lip and make a really even line.
Grace Kelly is my main inspiration, for her timeless beauty. I like Jennifer Lawrence for her fun, down-to-earth style, and Taylor Swift is always elegant.
Red certainly is the family color. From my mother and my grandmother, I've learned a lot of little tricks - the significance of color and lipstick being one of them. I started skating when I was eight years old, and my mom did my makeup for me back then.
Classic music will always come across better on the ice because skating has such a rich history, rooted in tradition.
The first thing I do when I get up in the morning is wash my face with Olay Regenerist Thermal Mini-Peel Face Wash. My skin is super-dry, and this one is great for basically any skin type. As you cleanse your face, the face wash gets warmer, so it's soothing and also has some exfoliation to it.
My favorite shampoos and conditioners are from Pantene's Damage Repair line, but I also love the Color Preserve Shine collection. I get highlights here and there to brighten my look, so the Color Preserve shampoo and conditioner is great for protection.
My go-to is a red lip. It's a timeless fashion statement, and I've loved doing it ever since I was little. My favorite classic red is CoverGirl Lip Perfection in #305 Hot.
