American,Athlete
One thing I've learned through all the ups and downs is that if you're doing things right, then you have a core group of people. Not just a core group like your homies or your buddies, but a group of people that has a good influence on you, who you respect and admire, and you know that if they're on your side, you're doing something right.
I think it's my personality to overcome things, learn from them and become stronger, both personally and professionally. To be honest, I welcome those hardships.
There are so many different walks of life, so many different personalities in the world. And no longer do you have to be a chameleon and try and adapt to that environment - you can truly be yourself.
My confidence comes from the daily grind - training my butt off day in and day out.
I don't need a captain's band to lead a team to victory.
I've been through a lot of things in my personal and family life. That turned me into a fighter. I always strive to be the best I possibly can.
I've learned that winning isn't everything, and it's more about the journey. But at the end of the day, I just want to stand on the podium with the gold medal.
You're not going to be liked by everybody when you speak the truth. I don't speak the truth to put people down; I don't speak the truth to show disrespect.
I need a life outside of soccer. So I very much welcome, you know, new love interests and dating and friends and family.
When I was younger, I was a complete tomboy. Then in college I started emerging out of the tomboy stage and dressing differently.
I try to live my life one day at a time, and if I look too far in advance, I get really stressed.
I live for competition. It makes my life complete.
I like to read books and be alone; I'm not social butterfly person.
I couldn't have been a great goalkeeper without power, agility and quickness.
I think people have different definitions of team unity. My definition is doing whatever it takes to win, what makes a great team; it's performance on the field, respect on the field.
My life is a beautiful struggle.
Everybody should be affected by their own realities in their own lives, their own struggles in their own lives. It makes us who we are, and we all know that.
I usually tell people I watch like '24' and 'Prison Break.'
I hate the cliche of 'just have fun,' but what I've seen in today's sports, especially with parents, is they put so much pressure on the kids.
I take everything with a grain of salt.
Every athlete acquires routines as a way to help control nerves.
I have an attitude. It's what I do. I'm edgy. I have an attitude.
I like to read books and be alone; I'm not social butterfly person. I'm sorry.
I'm just going to embrace every experience.
I just want to stay in my hotel room, read my book. I enjoy that private time.
I am proud of who I am, and nobody's going to steal that.
I think the concept of seeking fame and fortune in women's football in the States is a bit idyllic.
My life goes in four-year cycles. The World Cup is every four years and the Olympics are every four years.
I know I can't dance. I am the worst dancer. I have no rhythm. I just do step-and-snap. I love it in the privacy of my own home and every once in a while at a club. But singing and dancing are my two greatest fears.
L.A. is a bit strange. It doesn't seem like the real world.
Of course Seattle loves soccer. You can see from the men's Seattle Sounders team.
All my life, since the time I was little, has been a long distraction. At least that is the way some people want to perceive it, but for me, it's given me a lot of strength.
I have a lot of critics; we all know that.
I have no personal beef with Brandi Chastain. There's nothing personal.
On a global stage, I have respect in the goalkeeping world.
When I did 'Dancing With the Stars,' everyone in Hollywood was saying I had too much muscle.
Growing up, I felt insecure about my build. I didn't feel very feminine. But as time went on, I learned to completely embrace my body.
I still don't buy the idea that I'm a 'sex symbol.'
In truth, 2007 was the hardest year of my life. I lost my best friend. I lost my father.
Female athletes are supposed to be toned down. You're always supposed to talk about the team and never stand out.
You can predict all you want, but everybody knows what predictions get you.
I don't just want to focus on soccer, soccer, soccer.
I am pushed by my critics. I don't want to say I want to prove them wrong, but it pushes me on the field to play with a chip on my shoulder, and I play best when I have a chip on my shoulder.
I travel a lot and rarely make it home to Seattle.
I carry my iPod everywhere. My favorite group is the John Butler Trio, an Australian jam band. The lead singer and guitarist writes amazing lyrics.
I wear my dad's cross. It's very important to me. I hang it in my locker before each game.
It's clear that women athletics are pretty far behind in every way. In terms of facilities, how much we make, everything.
With each year that's gone by, and as I grow up and get older, I've become more mature, of course, but you have a sense of who you are, and you find confidence in that.
I have a problem with players who don't take the loss personally. At a professional level you should - it's our job, it's our livelihood, it's who we are at this level. Every loss should be taken that personal.
I've had marriage proposals, invitations to military balls and even a few prom offers from 18-year-old boys.
It's a complicated thing, knowing how much pain my father caused in my life and the lives of others whom I love, yet still holding love for him in my heart. No matter what he did, he was my father. He helped create the person I am.
I love pedicures. And, yes, I have a ton of shoes.
I burn so many calories when I work out that I don't really count calories or necessarily try and stay away from anything.
My father showed me so much love. He showed my brother so much love. He just, he had a rough life. You know, he grew up in a boys home in the Bronx. He didn't really know his own family. So I couldn't hold it against him that he didn't know how to parent. He didn't know how to be the perfect husband. But he loved as much as he could.
My No. 1 goal, and what I've spent my entire life striving to achieve is to win a World Cup. I want to retire so badly with that World Cup, but if I don't, then I'll retire knowing that I've done everything I could to get it.
As women professional athletes, you have to have respect for every player and individual. Beyond that, it doesn't matter what your interests are. People can have their own lives.
Nobody really knows who I am, where I came from, what's in my heart, why I believe in the things I believe, what I see behind the scenes and they don't see.
