Pakistani,Athlete
Win or lose today I am proud of the way my boys have played in the tournament.
Colonialism deprives you of your self-esteem and to get it back you have to fight to redress the balance.
Spirituality does two things for you. One, you are forced to become more selfless, two, you trust to providence. The opposite of a spiritual man is a materialist. If I was a materialist I would be making lots of money doing endorsements, doing cricket commentary. I have no interest in that.
I have fruit trees. Cows for fresh milk, yoghurt. My own wheat. I'm basically self-sufficient.
I feel an independent accountability commission should audit all government services.
I have always believed that one should not be scared of losing, I think that really is the key.
If your house is burning, wouldn't you try and put out the fire?
So for us any gain we had in election, one vote that we got, was a win.
A country that relies on aid? Death is better than that. It stops you from achieving your potential, just as colonialism did.
It's more important to try to do something for the crores of poor people of my country.
I believed in myself. I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player.
But I don't need to use politics as a way of making money.
Cricket is a pressure game, and when it comes to an India-Pakistan match the pressure is doubled.
I wanted to be an outstanding player, that was my ambition.
When I came into politics I always thought there was a possibility I would be killed.
I am called an Islamic fundamentalist by Rushdie. My critics in Pakistan say I am a Zionist agent. I must be doing something right.
In fact the experience at Oxford has really helped me later in life.
Terrorism is you winning hearts and minds of people.
During my 21 years of playing cricket, I have never been approached by anyone or offered a bribe.
You don't kill your way to peace.
I want to have a president in the U.S. who tries to win the hearts and minds of the Muslim world.
These so-called extremists in Pakistan should be brought into the mainstream; if you marginalize them, you radicalize them.
What I perceive, is above all justice, where everyone has the same law.
The war on terror is the most insane and immoral war of all time. The Americans are doing what they did in Vietnam, bombing villages. But how can a civilised nation do this? How can you can eliminate suspects, their wives, their children, their families, their neighbours? How can you justify this?
In Pakistan politics is hereditary.
One is actually the democracy here, you know, people are, people assume that this election means that there is democracy in Pakistan. There is no democracy.
