American,Athlete
If you want to be remembered as great, if you want to be a legend, you have to go out there every single day and do stuff.
There's no greater feeling in the world than when you can put a smile on somebody's face just by walking into a room. It's unbelievable. And if I have that power, who am I to waste it, you know?
I get a lot of letters that say, 'I'm a normal, down-to-earth girl. I love to cook, and I love sports.' What I also get are letters from a whole bunch of moms saying, 'My daughter is awesome,' and, 'My daughter is a great daughter.'
I know that I'm going out there, and I know that I am going to get hit in the head. I know that's part of football. That's like a firefighter knowing he is going to go into a fire at some point. You know you are going to be put in danger's way, and you accept that risk, and you do it.
I obviously would love to have a girlfriend, but a girlfriend deserves so much of your time and energy. And she deserves to be treated like a princess because that's how you should treat your girls. And if I can't give them that time and that devotion because of my dedication to football, then I don't feel like I should almost waste their time.
If you're an outsider looking into my life, you're thinking, 'That dude is crazy. He's literally crazy.'
If you're going to nap, make sure you have a proper chunk of time blocked out. I'm not one of these guys that does the 15-20 minute nap. I don't play those games. I'm, like, an hour minimum. I'm not gonna lay down unless I know I have at least an hour.
If you don't have that vision for the end goal, you have no clue where you're going, and you're going to work very hard to go nowhere.
My dad's a firefighter, so I know what it's like for policemen and firefighters to be on their own on Christmas Day.
I never want to let a day go by without having done something to get a little better.
What I remember most about high school are the memories I created with my friends.
I want to be the defensive player to break the MVP barrier. I want to break barriers. I want to do things when people tell me I can't.
I ate a whole 20-inch pizza by myself one time.
When it comes down to that moment, when it's me against you, you know in your head whether you worked hard enough. You can try to lie to yourself. You can try to tell yourself that you put in the time. But you know - and so do I.
I will always do what I can to help others, but when I retire, I want to be a dad and a husband. I want a house and a dog in the yard. I want to have barbecues.
You have to find the right situation, and you have to be in that right mindset where you can give everything you have to that. Because whatever I do, I want to be the best at. I want to be the best husband. I want to be the best father.
Houston is kind of a melting pot. There are many different cultures and ethnicities represented out there, even on my team. It's really cool: you'll see so many different things.
My mom taught me from a young age to give back and volunteer any chance you get. It was something that I knew, if I made the NFL, I would financially have the ability to do.
If you're thinking like that - 'Does this person want me for me?' - then you're gonna have a hell of a hard time falling in love, 'cause you're constantly thinking about what they look like on paper.
My parents would definitely be my childhood heroes.
I'll fight a bear, but I don't like spiders. I'm not a fan of those.
A reputation takes years and years and years to build, and it takes one press of a button to ruin it. Don't let that happen to you. You've done so much work; you've put in so much effort. Don't let one moment ruin your entire life because you wanted to be funny or you were mad or because you had a mood.
I know I'm going to be remembered for football. That's why I work so hard at it.
I'm a Wisconsin kid, so I like brats and burgers and stuff like that. Cheese curds.
A quarterback is always going to be the most valuable player on a football field because he touches the ball every single offensive play.
Since my sophomore year in high school, I knew I didn't want to do anything but be a professional athlete. I knew when I got to college there was no way anybody was going to stop me from being an NFL player.
Part of me wants nothing to do with any Hollywood. But another part of me wants to go there. I feel like I could be successful at it.
Everybody has a job to do, and you just know that every day you have to do what it takes to get there. Of course, everybody has those days where you don't feel like doing it. I'm just like anybody else in that respect. But there's a difference between not feeling like doing it and not doing it period.
As long as I've known music, Bose has been the company to listen to. They're a lot of fun to work with, but also being able to associate yourself with such a high-quality product is great.
When budget cuts happen - which has been happening a lot in this country - after-school athletics and after-school music are some of the first things to go.
Trust me, I would love to have a wife and kids. I would very much enjoy that. But I also know that you have to be in the right place to do that.
When I picture myself after football, it's down home, coaching high school football, just a relaxing, normal life.
I want to go out and chase greatness. That's all I want to do.
In the off-season, I train twice a day, five times a week with my trainer. Then, there's always massages and neuromuscular therapy worked in there as well on different days.
I'm always trying to learn and grow, so my diet has, over the years, evolved.
I just go out there every game and try to be the best I can be for our team.
Read each tweet about 95 times before you send it. Look at every Instagram post about 95 times before you send it.
Every year, I take 10 of my best friends from high school on a trip. That's kind of my way for saying thanks to them for being so loyal, for keeping me honest, and for just being great friends throughout this craziness.
I love brunch. Brunch is my favorite meal.
My cheat meals aren't even that exciting.
It's literally, if I'm not working out, I eat the whole time I'm not working out. It's exhausting. You have to force-feed. You have to force yourself to eat food.
There's plenty of days when I don't want to eat chicken breast and broccoli and rice, but I know what I have to do, and I know the sacrifice I have to make.
I Googled 'What do rich people buy?' Because I don't feel like a rich person, and I don't really try to act like a rich person, so I don't know what they buy. I didn't really like the stuff I saw, so I'm gonna stick with my humble lifestyle and just keep working out.
People play with pain all the time.
I respect every guy that has walked away. I think every single guy in this league makes his own decision, and that's perfectly fine. The reason I respect that and the reason I think every guy has his own way of dealing with things is because, in my personal opinion, I know what I'm getting into.
If there's ever any point in my life where I could meet Jennifer Aniston, I think that'd be pretty incredible!
My schedule is so crazy.
I want a girl who's passionate, driven - a girl who believes in herself.
Basically, I want that relationship where we have that love. I love her so much, and she loves me so much that it's just - you want that relationship where you look into the girl's eyes, and you know that she's everything you've ever wanted. When I find that, I'm going to get it!
Each year, I write out a goal sheet with what I expect. If I showed anybody else my goal sheet, they would have said I was crazy.
My goal is I want to create the 20-20-20 club: 20 sacks, 20 tackles for loss, 20 batted balls.
I'm not ashamed of it, but people would think I'm ashamed of Bieber. I got Bieber on my iPod.
I don't get bothered by fans.
I actually have no style whatsoever. I'm the worst. I have people I talk to, and I say, 'Please tell me how to dress because I don't know what I'm doing.' The biggest thing for me is my mom. I'm like, 'Mom, do I look good?' If she says yes, I'm good to go.
Obviously, you get to do a lot of great things and cool opportunities at the Super Bowl. But at the end of the day, we all want to be here as a player. That's the goal, and that's why I work so dang hard.
Growing up, you'd see Michael Jordan on everything from Gatorade to shoes - everything. Obviously, that's something pretty cool for an athlete to aspire to.
The one thing I know is, if I play good ball, things have tended to come along with it. Everything that I've ever done in my career has come off of playing good football. And so I realize I need to go out there, and I need to take care of my business; then everything else - all these cool, great things - come along with it.
The way I look at it is that somebody in the world, no matter what your field is - teacher, violinist, football player - has to be the best. Why not me?
I grew up in Wisconsin loving hockey. I mean, I started when I was three years old on skates.
Hockey, honestly, was my first love. The excitement, the fast pace, the intensity of the game... I still love it to this day.
I love the Stanley Cup playoffs.
I know that I have probably an eight- to 10-year window in this league, and if I want to be what I say I want to be, then I have to commit myself 100 percent.
I definitely care about what I look like, certainly when I am going out in public, doing an appearance or something, but when I'm home, I'm all sweatpants, all the time.
In Wisconsin, style-wise, it was all about bundling up, maybe wearing a hat and forgetting about your hair.
People like to see a guy being built up; they like to see a guy go from the bottom to the top, but then once you're on the top for a little bit, people wait to see you fail, and they want you to fail, so they find flaws and they find reasons, whether it's being too nice or trying to make you out to be fake - that's what they do.
There's gonna be people that don't like you, regardless. But I take on the mentality of, 'Look, I'm gonna do whatever I want to do. If people don't like, they don't like it.'
My dad was a firefighter for almost 30 years. My mom worked her way up from a secretary to vice president of her own company. They taught me to work hard for everything and take nothing for granted. That's how I play.
I don't want to play forever. I want to give everything I can now and then walk away knowing I gave everything. The example I think of is Barry Sanders. He was such a great player, and he left when he was still on top. I want that to be me.
One of the things I have to do, and I'm working on it, is making sure I enjoy the ride along the way. I have to remind myself, 'Take a look around, look at things, and enjoy it.'
When you're in the National Football League, and you get this window where all eyes are on you, you can use that. You can use that platform for good.
Football has been everything to me since I was 10 years old.
It's pretty neat to be able to help the team in different ways.
I live for Sundays. I live for Mondays. I live for Thursdays.
People always ask, 'Man, why don't you come out and enjoy it? Why don't you celebrate? Why don't you have any fun?' My fun is Sundays. Anybody can go to the club. You don't have to be good at going to the club to go to the club. You have to be good to be playing on Sundays, and to me, that's what's cool.
