American,Athlete
My teammates tell me to shoot the ball when I'm open. I feel like I'm open most of the time, so I shoot it.
Winning is obviously the biggest thing. Because if you don't win, nothing really matters. You can have all the money in the world, and they can still call you a loser.
Usually, it's the guys who want to get better so they can get more playing time who are always in the gym.
China was the worst place I've ever been in my life.
My family is always my priority.
My parents, my family, that's the biggest inspiration in my life. I've been in a lot of dark spots in my life, and if it wasn't for them, I wouldn't be able to get out of it, but they are who they are. They followed me. They yelled at me. They screamed at me. They loved me.
My dad is easily one of my biggest inspirations to play this game. To hear people talk bad about me, it hurt me because I know it hurts him, and that's not who I am. I know he raised better, and I know I want to do better.
Everything I do is for my parents and my family. The car is nice, the house is nice, but none of this matters without them. If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't be here. I don't know where I would be, honestly.
There's six of us, and they didn't treat any of us different. They loved us the same. They treated us all the same, and I just want to be like them when I grow up.
My iron game. I get into trouble a lot with my driver, so I tend to hit 3-wood off the tee.
I'm good friends with Lee Westwood. Bubba, Rickie Fowler. A few of the top hitters.
That three-foot putt is tough for me right now! I'm not making too many putts.
I went to Moses Malone's golf tournament in Houston, and I've been hooked ever since.
I know a lot of people don't have their parents in their life - their mother, their father - but I've got the best two you could ask for, I swear.
'Where is your million-dollar shirt?' I'm like, 'It's underneath these $25 Hanes T-shirts I've got on.'
I've been playing this game, fortunately for me, since I was three years old. That's one of the reasons why this game is so special to me.
It's difficult losing, but it's even more difficult when you didn't make a shot. I could see the ball just didn't go your way on an out-of-bounds play or something like that, but when you're just not making them, it's frustrating.
I've had mental errors before while not shooting the ball well and while shooting the ball well, and vice versa. So I can't compound one on top of the other. It's just a matter of getting out of the groove of shooting bad and just staying more locked in.
I've gone on streaks where I haven't shot the ball well here, but I was always making up for it in other areas, so it wasn't as big. It's just a part of the game. I got to do better with it.
Trying to think about the rest of the team over myself or my scoring is something that I never really had to do before.
I used to, in the summertime, spend so much money doing a lot of fun stuff. Now, I'm actually consciously trying to save so we can live how we want to live after basketball. I've even sold a few things.
I think just having everybody know who you are is more of a challenge. More than anything about it is just knowing people are watching. I know who I am, so it's watching things I say, what I do. Even if I'm in line at one of the rest stops or something, it's just being on my Ps and Qs at all times more than anything.
My looks vary, but I definitely think about it and plan. I like to shop, too, so I'm always mixing it up. But normally, I'll be wearing something like a college T-shirt and a sweater, something like that. But I definitely have to plan.
I'm into the whole American and New York vibe, not just because that's what's going on around me but because of the fit. A lot of guys are into the European cut, but I can't really pull that off with my body type - I'm tall and have big legs.
Like, I'll wear a bright sweater with pants that are a more classic color.
I like Public School and En Noir.
