American,Athlete
Learning how to work and learning how to fail is important.
I've kind of looked at my whole career as a spring training invite.
Physical therapy is part of my offseason routine. That has helped me greatly.
I've pitched too many innings and pitched too many years - one game doesn't make or break my career.
I wasn't ready to say, I can't play anymore. And I'm still not.
I've always approached spring training as I have something to prove.
I came to realize in my late 20s that my velocity is not going to grow so I had to learn to utilize what I had.
I've had some great examples in my career of how to do things the right way.
It was a dream come true to be drafted by a pro team and have the opportunity to play.
I'm not the No. 1 starter. I'm not the guy that's going to carry the staff for four months out of the season, but I can contribute in a lot of ways. And to me I'm very proud of that.
I was a jock.
I probably didn't put forth the effort I should have put forth, didn't realize the value of education until I went to college.
Souderton was a good town to grow up in. Everybody knew each other.
Your body is not made to throw like we throw. That's why you see softball pitchers pitching two or three games a day. It's a natural movement in softball. In baseball it's not a natural movement.
Rest is obviously a key in the offseason.
I'm not a big believer in vitamins and all that stuff.
If you talk to any pitcher, consistency is the most important thing.
I feel I'm entitled to make my own decision.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, which people don't seem to be shy about expressing.
I don't expect anyone to give me anything.
I don't think that I'm old.
I was raised in a very blue-collar family.
Work ethic has always been stressed in my family. My dad is going to be 80 years old and he still works part time. My mom just retired a couple years ago and she's in her mid- to late 70s.
If you're a doctor or a lawyer or teacher, if you only get three things right out of 10, you're considered a failure.
