American,Athlete
My pregame music includes a nice little mixture. Probably a little Counting Crows, maybe some Avicii. Taylor Swift.
Every day, you try to get better, and I don't think I'll ever be complacent and happy with where I am, no matter what.
That's what helped me be successful is staying as calm as possible.
I did The Sorting Hat, and it was the Gryffindor, and I was like, 'I'm not doing it again. It could be something bad.'
Taylor Swift is cool. And I like her music. She's a great performer, and she's fun to listen to at times.
I've been told I have pretty big hands my whole life.
I think my pocket presence and my ability to extend plays speak for themselves.
Whatever team I go to, I'll be excited to go.
I want to be the future of a franchise.
I think I can be a guy who can make an impact right away.
I want to go to a team that really wants me and can use me to be successful.
I think I can bring tremendous leadership.
I think I'm a face of a franchise. I can make an impact.
I know what my teammates think about me, I know what my coaches think about me. I don't concern myself with what anyone thinks outside of that.
What the people say on TV means nothing to me, and it means nothing to anybody that's actually playing football. It's for the fans to watch and enjoy.
I'm just going to try to play as best as I can.
I've been a good player my whole life and expect to continue to work hard and continue to do everything that I have done and try not to take any steps back. Try to stay the course and be the best player and the best teammate and hopefully the best leader I can be, and play as well as I can.
I'm not going to worry about any outside pressure or distractions or any of the things that comes with being the #1 pick. I know there is responsibility that comes with it, but I'm ready to get after it.
The competitor in me wants to play, but it's not my job to make that decision. That's what the coaches are paid for.
I've never not started.
The way I've always seen it is, I don't want him to do bad. I want him to do good. But when I'm competing with somebody, I want my best to be better than his. That's just how I've been. I'm not wishing bad for anybody.
I try to pride myself in having really quick feet and being able to set up and throw balls in time.
Having my feet be as good as I want them to be can get me out of a lot of problems when I'm in the pocket and stuff starts to break down. There's rarely ever a perfect pocket.
I want to leave Cal with a winning legacy.
I don't want to be a quarterback that has all these stats but didn't win a lot of games.
I like my kind of innate and natural ability in the pocket, and ability of anticipation, and all that stuff that's important when it comes to playing quarterback.
I like 'Harry Potter.' I've seen all of them, I think.
A lot of stuff's going to happen in a football career that you don't like.
The combine's a great experience, and I'm sure everyone will tell you the same thing. Cool experience, lots of fun, would never want to do it again.
