Australian,Athlete
Anything can happen, so you have to control your attitude and stay strong.
There's a lot of spotlight that comes along with being the best in the world.
The only two things that I think about in life is my family and golf. That's all I want to think about.
If you don't believe in yourself, somewhere or another, you sabotage yourself.
If you're going to have a bad attitude, you may as well not even tee it up that week because you probably won't play good anyways.
My goal is to be the No. 1 golfer in the world, and I want to chase Tiger.
I'm proud to partner with organizations that place an emphasis on and share my interest in giving back to the community. RBC has a rich history of doing this through their sponsorship of golf and the extensive ambassadorial program they have in place.
I have to work harder than what I am now to make sure that I stay on top of this and stay on top of the world and be competitive in major championships.
Everyone has an uncomfortable club in their bag.
'Golf Digest' had all the old school swings, and my favorite swing, ever, was Nick Faldo's swing. And it had all the greats, Ernie Els and Nick Faldo and all that stuff, and I had the pictures of their swing sequences on my wall.
The vertigo is a difficult thing: it just comes and goes whenever it pleases. I wasn't expecting it. I've had it before, and there have been years between stretches, and unfortunately it happened at the U.S. Open, and that knocked me off my feet.
Family comes first, and golf is second.
If my dad was alive, I wouldn't have gone to boarding school, and I wouldn't have had the success I've had.
Australian golf did so much for me, and that is why I am here today.
I absolutely love my son and family - they are my life and always come first.
My dad was the way he was, but he also gave me a motto: never say die. Just to keep pushing and pushing, fighting until the end. He put it in my head that you're always going to fight, and you're always going to beat them.
I'm motivated to be No. 1.
I'm getting better and better each year that I'm playing golf on the world stage, and finishing runner-up only teaches you how to continue being patient - something that is key to our game.
I don't like to use the word 'legacy' because it sounds a bit like I'm full of myself, but I am trying to see how far I can take myself, how far I can push being the best in the world.
I've got to come into the day enjoying myself and go from there.
To be able to know that I can push myself a little further than you think you can was so important. And that it's a mental barrier more than anything. You can break through it.
My dad was a violent alcoholic. Really aggressive.
I travel with Club Glove.
Just to be able to say you're No. 1, you are the best golfer on the planet, just for one day, would be the best thing ever. Knowing that you were the best in the world would be pretty neat.
I've got good vibes up here in the Akron area, Cleveland area.
There is no real way to prepare yourself for having a child other than just getting thrown in the deep end pretty quick.
It really is amazing that some days you'll come out and you'll feel like you can beat anyone, and then some days you come out and you've got no confidence in the world, and you can't break an egg with a hammer.
I honestly thought I was going to win a major championship quicker than what I did, but it clearly took a little bit longer than expected.
I didn't have a dollar to my name in 2006.
I need to improve my shorter stuff with my irons, from 100 to 175 yards. If I can hit a few more greens with those clubs and tighten up the proximity to the hole, that would help a lot.
I need to get better with my 3-wood and hybrid. Those are the clubs I missed the majority of my fairways with.
I'm still trying to be No. 1 in the world, like everyone else is out there.
I think I definitely like the solitude of golf.
I have always practiced by myself. It's just because that is when I can do the most work, the most efficient work, is when I am by myself, and I think I just find a little bit of peace when it comes to being able to be out here on the golf course, and you are just you and yourself and your thoughts.
I did play other sports growing up. I played cricket and all those other things, but I was just so much more talented in golf, and that's all I wanted to do.
Sometimes I play for the media, sometimes for the fans, sometimes for my sponsors, and sometimes it's for my family. Really, I play for everyone.
All I did was go to school and play golf. I didn't have much of a social life.
I want to be able to be looked back on and know that he was one of the greats in the game.
Winning is never enough, and I've got to try and do it as much as I can before my time is over.
Being an Australian that's been No. 1 in the world back home playing in Australia, that's a pretty cool moment to have.
I have two mini dachshunds, Lola and Charlie.
I'm all about Adidas.
I'm Australian, so I love the stores near Crowne Plaza Melbourne, on the banks of the Yarra River.
All I can do is control my preparation process from both a physical and mental stand point.
I've always felt very confident in my ability.
I've been one of those people that hold on to a little bit more stress than others. People take certain situations a little bit differently.
If I had all the spotlight, that would be great. I'd be happy with that. If I didn't have the spotlight, that would be great as well.
When I've been playing my best golf, I feel like everything's so slow.
It's about the learning, because obviously I learn more when I fail than when I win.
When you have a lot of confidence and you feel like nobody can beat you, it's game over for everyone else.
Driver has always been fine, and the rest of the clubs have been fine. It's just for some reason, the 3-wood... that's just one of those clubs.
My wife wants four kids, and obviously if we're having four kids, I need to make sure that the priority is family first.
Golf is a very, very frustrating game.
You get nit-picked in the media. Stats are always up saying he doesn't drive it straight enough or hit enough greens or whatever it is. Then you have to perform, because if you don't perform, then you're off the Tour.
What I'm doing with my body and with my golf game, I'm trying to extend the longevity of my career.
I think if you try a little bit too hard sometimes, you can kind of shoot yourself in the foot.
I've got to really try and manage my patience out there.
I had a very boring life, which is fine. I like being boring.
It's okay to dream big.
It's okay to say what you want to do.
I want to win as many tournaments as I can.
I'm just here for this one purpose, and that's to try and get better each and every day and try and win as much as I can, while I can.
I don't feel that old, but when I talk to these kids, I do feel old. Because I'm talking about taxes and all this other stuff that is very, very boring. And these guys are talking about music, and I'm like, 'Oh, I remember those days.'
You can't pick up a golf club if your thumb hurts.
I want to win so bad, but I think I've had too much of that lore for attraction that you'll do anything possible to get it. Sometimes people are there at a good time and kind of stumble upon it. Right time, right place type thing. I just want to keep working toward it with my mind and my body.
The want to improve myself and win tournaments and see how far I go is crucial.
At the end of my career, am I going to say I did well, but I didn't give it my all? I'd be very, very angry with myself if I didn't give 100 percent. If I gave my all and I got to whatever point in the world, I could look back and at least I say I did the best I could.
I used to game a lot, and I used to game a little too hard.
I'd much rather have that pressure than be at the end of the field and no one expecting you to win. That's the kind of pressure that you've got to enjoy and love.
You have to come in to major championships, and your attitude has to be on point.
It's tough to win major championships. So many things and emotions go through your mind.
It's very, very difficult to win golf tournaments.
I think everyone expects if you're in the lead, or if you're a favourite to win, you will win, and if you don't, then you're in a slump. It's not the case.
The biggest thing is, if you want it still, you'll do everything you need to do to make sure you extend your career.
From the vertigo, I found out how far I can push myself physically and also mentally.
Just looking when I was little at pictures of cars and houses that I wanted - it gives you a certain motivation, it gives you a goal.
I was very poor when I was young.
We're not going to win every single one.
I have the opportunity to do that right now, to try to work as hard as I can to really leave my footprint in this game that has given me so much.
It's emotional highs and lows in the game of golf.
It's very easy to make poor choices and have bad swings every now and then.
I'm willing to put my body on the line and stuff like that, just to get a taste of that greatness.
My sister ran away for four years; she was living on the streets. I didn't know where she was, and then I was getting in trouble.
My dad was very rough with us.
When I lost my dad, there was no one there to be the disciplinarian, and we kind of ran amok.
A lot of people are seeing me as an arrogant, confident kid. It doesn't worry me.
