American,Athlete
Being myself is what got me to where I am.
I find inspiration for my works of art in my studio and in the squared circle from all sorts of places.
I would love to end my career as World Champion.
People ask me how I am so fearless on a ladder and how I have no fear in the ring. And the answer to that question is a bit complicated. I used to have no fear, but that is no longer true. With a wife and two girls at home, I'm more afraid now than ever.
That's really important to me - creating moments that last forever.
I look at tattoos as a commitment to life.
When I broke my leg on the dirt bike, fear got the best of me that day. I hesitated. I didn't hit it as fast as I could have, and I came up short. It was the first time in my life I couldn't get back up.
Early, when I first started wrestling, I wanted to be a combination of Sting and the Ultimate Warrior: The Ultimate Warrior's craziness and weird personality and Sting's coolness and the way he carried himself to the ring. But then later on, when it came to physicality and athleticism, Shawn Michaels topped the cake.
We may never be as big as WWE, but the cool thing about TNA is that we are the alternative. So people who get tired and bored with the WWE - I've been there, I understand - there's an alternative and something else to watch.
I started wrestling professionally, I did my first television match at 16, but I was wrestling at country fairs and national armories when I was 14.
I was obsessed with it, and then I learned more about professional wrestling and how the beauty that does exist in it is truly an art form.
You can't go wrong with reading the fans and letting them tell you who they like. I think that's really paid off for me in the long run - being down to earth and just really cool with each and every fan that I meet - and they've really supported me through thick and thin.
Whether I ever become WWE champion in my career, I'm proud of what I've done.
When you commit to a WWE contract, you're committing to some serious time away from home.
If Meekmahan ever came to the Hardy compound, I would tell Meekmahan, face-to-face, 'You'll fade away and classify yourself as obsolete! Obsolete!'
I don't want to go back to WWE and burn out within four or five months, and having another run as TNA world champion would feel just as good.
Thank God for TNA: we've had the creative freedom to do what we want to do.
I've learned that I can still be loved if I perform well, and I learned that from the broken brilliance of Matt Hardy.
I just want to go out there and have the best matches I possibly can.
Once I established myself doing crazy things and being extreme, people want to see it all the time.
It's good to establish moves that fans are always going to recognize and scream for.
I never view myself as a leader.
I compliment people when I see something I really like and tell them, 'That was good. Keep doing what you're doing.' That's as much as advice as you will get out of me.
Sting was one of my first and biggest influences. One night in North Carolina, when I reached out and touched his shoulder, he had the face paint on, and I didn't know why, but I loved it. I wanted to be just like him, and I was only 11 years old.
I'm still a fan at heart.
To me, wrestling is just as cool as it ever was.
I'm looking forward to having one of those moments that will be immortal.
I've got my hardcore fans, and I thank them so much for being there for me and not giving up on me.
I remember 'Wrestlemania 6' with The Ultimate Warrior against Hulk Hogan. It was so cool to see those guys go in there and the fans getting into the match so much.
Just spending time with fans and acting normal and talking to them just like I was one of their boys, that's what it's all about.
I really hate my hair when it's not braided because it's so big when it dries. When it's wet, it looks cool, but when it dries, it gets all in my mouth during a match, and I hate it.
