American,Athlete
Try not to get lost in comparing yourself to others. Discover your gifts and let them shine!
A miracle is really the only way to describe motherhood and giving birth. It's unbelievable how God has made us women and babies to endure and be able to do so much. A miracle, indeed. Such an incredible blessing.
You don't take a class; you're thrown into motherhood and learn from experience.
There's nothing better than working up a good sweat.
Try not to get lost in comparing yourself to others. Discover your gifts and let them shine! Softball is amazing that way as a sport. Everyone on the field has a slightly different ability that makes them perfect for their position.
I'm a role model for lots of young girls.
Softball has given me so much in life. It's taught me the kind of person I want to be, and given me a sweet sisterhood. It even led me to my husband.
And my dad drilled it in my head, you know, 'If you want it bad enough, and you're willing to make the sacrifices, you can do it. But first you have to believe in yourself.
Dad was the pitching coach, while Mom was the emotional supporter. Her unconditional love was great, and she wanted what was best for me. It was more about what she did than what she said, and she made sure I was the best I could be.
Growing up, I looked up to major league baseball players, and now these young women have amazing, incredible women all across the board, from swimming to gymnastics to softball to basketball. It is incredible how far women have come and women in sports have come.
There is nothing better than to make it to the College World Series. All of the extra reps in the weight room, all of the early morning practices, and all the hard work spent the entire year makes it worth it.
From what I hear, it's a normal thing to feel guilty as a mother, especially when trying to fill the needs of a newborn along with maintaining what you had with your first child.
I mean, I love winning, but losing is a much more intense feeling.
I just feel like it gets harder and harder every year with Ace getting older and time away from my husband and even family events such as birthdays and friends' weddings and things that I've always just missed out on because of softball.
I try to squeeze in a workout whenever I can, even if it's doing squats with my 7-month-old in the kitchen or jumping on the trampoline with my 5-year-old.
When you train six to seven hours a day to be the best in your sport, you don't want that to be overlooked. I don't train for my looks.
I still think there are some pitches in this pitching arm, so I will continue playing with USA Softball, but knowing that this could be the last time a softball player stands on the Olympic podium and has the opportunity of experiencing this - it was emotional.
Growing up, I watched softball and U.S.A .softball, and that was my goal of being able to represent my country and wear the red, white, and blue out there, and I think it is one of the highest honors to be able to go out there and compete for your country, and it was something so very special, and it was everything I dreamt of and more.
I hate losing.
It is one thing to play for your university. It is another to play for your country.
When I lose, I take it very personally.
This whole career has been way more than I ever even imagined or dreamed.
I'm playing first base and pitching and hitting. I feel like I'm almost better than I've ever been. It's like, 'You're going to walk away like this?'
Right now in my career, it's like I'm having more fun than I've ever had, so it's kind of like, 'Man, I can't stop now.'
It's so empowering to see yourself as a machine.
When I was 12, I had a coach tell me I would never be a championship pitcher. That devastated me. I was crushed.
When I was a kid, I dreamed of using a bat with my own name on it.
I can't tell you how much I respect all the single parents out there doing it all solo.
I blame and credit my brothers for my competitive fire within me. Growing up, I lost at everything! My brothers are quite a bit older - 10 years and 5 years - so it was a challenge, but I have some of the most amazing memories with my big brothers.
