Athlete
Cause there's only one reason for doing anything that you set out to do. if you don't want to be the best, then there's no reason going out and trying to accomplish anything.
Some people have no respect whether you are with your family or not. That's the hardest part. I was shopping in a grocery store in Seattle looking for stuff for Nicholas. This guy kept following me with his cell phone video on.
Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. There is, I believe, no other way to live.
I miss the game - I miss it a lot.
You need to be able to work with people. Especially in football, it is not a QB's game... even though the media likes to make it into that - it takes the whole team.
In sports... you play from the time you're eight years old, and then you're done forever.
I don't live in the past.
Always be prepared to start.
Confidence is a very fragile thing.
There's no thrill like throwing a touchdown pass.
I started a business with two guys I played with, Ronnie Lott and Harris Barton: Champion Ventures, it's a fund of funds. We have $400 million or so under management.
Yeah, it's nice to look up to people, but the more you try to be somebody else, the less you are of yourself.
Some guys practice like all-Americans but they can't play!
My mother and father, Joe and Theresa Montana brought me along and taught me to never quit, and to strive to be the best.
Man, coaching is a hard job, and it requires a lot of time... I hear stories from coaches who tell me that players call them in the middle of the night not knowing where they parked their car.
Especially in football, it is not a QB's game... even though the media likes to make it into that - it takes the whole team.
I mean the game is just, everybody talks about baseball but I really think football probably has a little bit more American feeling than anything.
As a quarterback, there's no better way to finish your year, in winning a Super Bowl, than with a touchdown pass. The chances of that happening, by the looks of most of the Super Bowls, is a very rare chance. Fortunately for me, I had an opportunity.
You know, I've had blowups with my coach too. The same thing happens, it just wasn't as evident back then because they didn't have so many cameras and ways to see things happen.
There is nothing worse for me than sitting in traffic. That's what killed me in L.A.
If I could still play, I would be trying. It's been 15 years.
I don't watch a lot of the games on Sunday. But I always kept an eye on the 49ers.
My back only bugs me when I sleep wrong. I feel my knee more than anything, the left one. It's arthritic. I have a bad nerve in the back of my eye.
Installing a new offense is harder than a new defense. It just takes time.
Any quarterback that understands what the offense is really about is going to succeed.
Yeah, I think it motivates you as people start to count you out. It doesn't make you play any harder, because every time you go out on the field you give 110 percent, but it does give you more of an edge mentally, knowing that you were in the same situation, because in sports you always find yourself behind.
