American,Athlete
You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team.
I try to do the right thing at the right time. They may just be little things, but usually they make the difference between winning and losing.
A lot of young players don't really know much about the history of the game and a lot of them are missing out on what the game is all about, especially the whole concept of sportsmanship and teamwork.
When I was 17, I worked in a mentoring program in Harlem designed to improve the community. That's when I first gained an appreciation of the Harlem Renaissance, a time when African-Americans rose to prominence in American culture. For the first time, they were taken seriously as artists, musicians, writers, athletes, and as political thinkers.
Five guys on the court working together can achieve more than five talented individuals who come and go as individuals.
Fundamental preparation is always effective. Work on those parts of your game that are fundamentally weak.
A team will always appreciate a great individual if he's willing to sacrifice for the group.
In a typical history book, black Americans are mentioned in the context of slavery or civil rights. There's so much more to the story.
High school dropouts are forfeiting their opportunity to pursue the American Dream.
I think that the good and the great are only separated by the willingness to sacrifice.
When the line started to blur between the fans and the players, sometimes things can get ugly.
Sports and entertainment are the only places where inner-city kids see themselves being able to succeed. Their intellectual development is something they don't relate to.
I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success.
A lot of players think the game is all about individual performances when it's really all about a team game.
You can't win if you don't play as a unit.
When I was a kid, no one would believe anything positive that you could say about black people. That's a terrible burden.
My choosing Islam was not a political statement; it was a spiritual statement.
My biggest accomplishment has been making a transition from athlete to author.
As brilliant an individual that Michael Jordan was, he was not successful until he got with a good team unit.
I feel like I've always been a full-time historian, but nobody knows it.
Music rhythms are mathematical patterns. When you hear a song and your body starts moving with it, your body is doing math. The kids in their parents' garage practicing to be a band may not realize it, but they're also practicing math.
Islam is about finding your own space.
You have to be able to center yourself, to let all of your emotions go... Don't ever forget that you play with your soul as well as your body.
If not shown appreciation, it gets to you.
In athletics there's always been a willingness to cheat if it looks like you're not cheating. I think that's just a quirk of human nature.
As a parent, I have a job as a role model to my children, and by extension, to other young people.
I think black Americans expect too much from individual black Americans in terms of changing the status quo.
I saw Islam as the correct way to live, and I chose to try to live that way.
I think the NBA will certainly survive without Michael Jordan.
I listen to jazz mainly. Mainstream jazz.
I think the NBA players have to be held accountable in a reasonable way, just like any other professionals.
I hope to be involved in a successful movie script.
When we went up against teams that were better, I just hoped that we could steal the victories.
I think I did very well against everyone who tried to defend me.
Center is a very tough position to play.
Your mind is what makes everything else work.
It's hard for young players to see the big picture. They just see three or four years down the road.
My mother had to send me to the movies with my birth certificate, so that I wouldn't have to pay the extra fifty cents that the adults had to pay.
I rooted for the Dodgers when they were in Brooklyn.
I did a book in 1996, an overview of black history. In that process I became more aware of a lot of the black inventors of the 19th century.
My health is fine.
I have always thought that writers come with any variety of attributes. Some are capable and some aren't.
I always thought I could do a good job coaching, but the opportunities have not presented themselves.
The type of leukemia that I am dealing with is treatable. So if I do what my doctors tell me to do - get my blood checked regularly, take my meds and consult with my doctor and follow any additional instructions he might make - I will be able to maintain my good health and live my life with a minimum of disruptions to my lifestyle.
When the doctor told me I had cancer, I was scared.
Yoga is just good for you.
I've always tried to stay out of the fray and not be an object of controversy.
I'm the baddest among the bad guys.
The '80s made up for all the abuse I took during the '70s. I outlived all my critics. By the time I retired, everybody saw me as a venerable institution. Things do change.
The 3-point shot has created a situation in the game akin to 'Lotto' fever.
You got guys now declaring they're ready to play pro ball in their second or third year of high school. It's crazy! They're missing so much.
OK, I'll put it like this: I doubt if we will see another All-American basketball athlete who is a Rhodes Scholar.
Reporters used to ask me the same inane questions year-in and year-out, city-to-city, and it would drive me crazy.
I totally alienated some reporters as I retreated.
I got all A's and was hated for it; I spoke correctly and was called a punk.
I want to do as little as possible when I finish playing ball - just spend a lot more time with my family.
I was a baseball fan myself, I wanted to play baseball.
I pitched and I played the outfield.
I think I really benefited from going to college.
LeBron James can get a shot off under any and all circumstances and he makes them.
I have to say I have an incredible musical education because of my father.
Music is really something that makes people whole.
There are a lot of authors in the world, so it's difficult to find a unique niche to present your take on things. That is always a challenge for any author.
Today's youth are told to get rich or die trying and they really shouldn't take that attitude forward with them.
You're never really cancer-free and I should have known that.
If not for the success that medicine has made, I might be part of a much different story right now.
I've never been a person to share my private life, but I can help save lives.
I was getting hot flashes and sweats on a regular basis. That's not normal, even for my age.
Cancer is a scary thing and you have to deal with it seriously.
I need about three seats lengthwise to sleep on a plane. It's not easy for me to curl up.
Well, I'm a professional.
Even when there are adverse circumstances, I try to do my job. And I usually do.
I think a lot of people, if they get the opportunity to do some acting, they think, 'I might be a star.'
This is what I would have done if I had to have a real job: I would have been a history teacher.
I'm not exaggerating when I say that the 761st was Patton's best tank unit and nobody knew about it.
What I have is P.H. positive chronic myeloid leukemia, which is an aberration in your white blood cells.
I want people to understand that I intend to continue living and doing all the things that I love to do up until the end. And the end is by no means rushing up on me.
I just like seeing the world, and it doesn't matter where.
Practices were tough.
