Latvian,Athlete
For the triangle to really work, everybody needs to be on the same page and know how to play it.
I love Barcelona. Barcelona is a very, very nice city.
Until that moment comes when the ball comes to me every time, I have to find a way to be effective with offensive rebounds, play hard defense, blocking shots.
I love the triangle. It's a great offense if you execute it well.
It's not a good feeling when you get booed. But I don't want to be good because somebody booed me. I want to be great player because that's the way I am.
Some girls are intimidated by my height, obviously. But a lot of girls do like it, so that's cool.
I try to eat as healthy as possible and try to put some weight on.
I know my game. I know what I need to get better at and be better at.
I love New York.
No one's comfortable with losing.
I like the triangle. My first season, the whole first season, we played nothing but the triangle, so I know it pretty well.
A good team needs time to play together.
Nobody wants to be losing, especially in New York. It's extremely tough. That's how it is.
I'll keep growing as a player, keep working out, trying to become what I want to become.
I learned English from watching American movies and American series. And you'd watch the movie the first time and not understand anything. Then you'd watch it again, and you'd start understanding more and more, and that's how I learned English.
I have 'Friday.' I have 'Dinner For Schmucks.' And I have 'John Wick.' There are others too I can't think of now, but those are my go-to movies.
Us three brothers - me, Janis, and Martins - we made a bet. We all sat down and said we were going to grow our hair out. But after a month or two, they cut their hair. But I was too young to make the decision about whether I would get a haircut, so mine just kept growing. And it was so long that I decided I should start rocking those cornrows.
I'm really focused on getting better as a player.
One thing as a leader - you don't say something to say something. When you actually see something and need to talk to a guy, that's when you say it. It will come naturally.
I love playing ping pong.
I loved the Lakers in '09 and 2010. I used to get up early with my brother Janis, and we watched them win the titles.
You always gotta find a little bit of time for the girls, right?
One day, I'd like to get a quadruple double, points, assists, rebounds and blocks.
I believe whenever you're winning and doing the right thing, you're stats will be fine, and everything else will come in place.
The only thing I focus on is just winning. Once we win, everyone remembers a winner. That's what I'm focused on.
Before I got to the NBA, I always flew coach - it was the worst time of my life. I remember being 14 or 15, and it was such a struggle to fit into those seats.
I learned Spanish in five or six months.
I'm a good student. Just trying to learn as much as possible is how I picked up so many languages.
I want to be in such a basketball city like New York.
I'm a student of the game.
I will try to make my career as long as possible. For me, it's not about money, so I just love playing the game.
The first year was kind of hard for me. There was just too much attention, too much going on, and I really just wanted to focus on basketball.
I have to do a better job of picking the spots where I want to attack and picking the right moment when I need to attack.
I think that's the type of game I'm better at - faster paced, just moving the ball more around.
I want to have a long career in the NBA. First, I want to be an All-Star, and hopefully one day I can win a ring with the New York Knicks.
Don't worry about me; my moment will come. I'll be ready for it. I will work hard, and whenever it's gonna come, whenever the coaches are gonna trust me, I'm gonna be on court and give 100 percent.
Of course the defenders are trying to be physical with me. They look at me, 7-3, skinny, they try to be physical.
At the end of the day the thing I want most of all is winning.
We knew the European players that went to the NBA and had great careers, and we knew the ones that went and had terrible careers or finished early. We were prepared for a lot of criticism.
I don't love the off-court stuff. But I know it's necessary.
When I was eighteen and I won the European Championship - that's when I realized I had an opportunity to play in the NBA one day.
It's a dream come true for me to be an idol for those kids. One little moment from my life that I spend with that kid, he might remember that for the rest of his life, that he met me that day when he was 10 years old.
I listen to a lot of Drake and Meek Mill before games.
Maybe in Latvian one day I'll rap a little bit, but definitely not in English.
We're a basketball family.
I would like to dunk on Shaq.
I just really love the game. I'm very hungry, and I'm looking forward to playing in the best league in the world.
When I'm playing in a close game, I'm out on the floor only trying to help the team win.
I'm adding moves to my post game. I'm really working on staying low. I'm working on my strength overall, especially my legs. That's going to help me defensively as well.
I'm never really happy with anything I do.
My quiet place is in the gym. When I feel like going to church, it's for me the MSG training facility and working on my game.
Basketball is pretty big in Latvia.
You can never really relax until you've signed that contract with your team.
I've got that European swagger.
I just like boxing.
Whatever people want to call me, I'm cool with, except 'Zinger.'
A coach I had in Spain, Scott Roth, he used to call me Zinger. He would yell at me all the time, 'Zinger!' It's just stuck in my head that I don't like that name.
