British,Athlete
I'm confident a good Liam Smith beats a good John Thompson.
A lot of things come down to your roots and how you're brought up.
I'm a humble guy, I'm pretty down to earth.
I don't care who's in front of me; nobody is going to stop me from winning the world title.
I've seen Thompson before, as I keep my eye on everyone in the division, as I might one day fight them.
I've been laughing with my brothers about it. Paul and Stephen both won the British title before me, but I'm going to be the first world champion in the family.
We used tea towels for gloves until we got proper ones and were always breaking our mum's ornaments. She'd come home and find us all sat in our boxer shorts, out of breath and our skin red raw. She hated it.
Growing up with my brothers all boxing has stood me in good stead for nights like these. You should have seen some the fights we used to have in our front room.
From my point of view, I am the underdog going into this fight. I'm not saying I'm not. But I'm the underdog because I haven't fought at that level yet against anyone of Canelo's level.
I'm not going to say I'm not ready for a fighter like Canelo Alvarez.
I'm world champion, so if I'm not ready for another fighter at 154, I don't deserve to be world champion. That's the way I look at it and what I firmly believe.
Once I will arrive in the ring, I'm going to make the most of this fight because this fight I will remember for the rest of my life. From my point of view, this night is going to be remembered by the British people. Not from the American people as much, but from the British fans here who will watch me beat Canelo Alvarez.
I'm not stupid. I know on paper I'm the B-side of this fight. Canelo's the big name.
It's always Canelo, and it's Mexican Independence Day, so I know that. But I am the champion, and just looking back on that, that is one reason why I hope they'll respect that I'm champion and be fair.
Give me the respect I deserve.
Canelo's the big name, but I am the champion going in... I took this fight. I'm not in a situation where I have nothing to lose in this fight. I've got a title to lose.
I'll go for the knockout, and if we have to go 12 rounds, then I'll trust the judges to do their best work, and I will get the victory if I deserve it.
Canelo isn't a full light-middleweight like I am, and that's to my advantage.
Canelo's going to have his moments. I'm not saying he's not. But I'm going to have my moments. It will come down to who can finish off their moments and finish the fight the best.
I don't want to be chasing a big, awkward southpaw around the ring. I want a fight that people will enjoy.
I made my debut on October 10, 2008, so it'll be seven years to the day that I could become world champion. That's a massive night to be crowned.
Thompson is a typical American: wide feet, good jab; he'll try to have a fight.
Everyone breeds success off each other.
As soon as I get in a rhythm, I'm very hard to stop.
If Canelo comes too hard at me early, he's going to be in for a long night.
I'm still a mummy's boy!
I'm expecting the best John Thompson. I'd be a fool to expect anything less.
He's fighting for the world title, so we're prepared for the best John Thompson.
People said I didn't deserve to be World Champion, but I think I've proved it.
Without being disrespectful to Jimmy Kelly, I'd rather fight Shane Mosley than Jimmy Kelly.
I didn't become world champion to fight Jimmy Kelly.
I'm getting criticism on social media, saying, 'Ah, you ducked Shane Mosley.' I've never ducked anyone in my life. They need to look into it a bit more.
If you ask my promoters and managers, they will say I've never knocked back an opponent in my life.
