Filipino,Athlete
I'm just a regular person who believes life is simple, and I like a simple life.
Boxing is not about your feelings. It's about performance.
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.
I remember as a little boy I ate one meal a day and sometimes slept in the street. I will never forget that and it inspires me to fight hard, stay strong and remember all the people of my country, trying to achieve better for themselves.
If we don't have God in our life, we're considered dead.
In boxing you never know who you're going to face in ring.
The most important thing as a leader is your relationship with God.
No notes. You speak from deep in your heart. It's easy.
I've worked in construction, in a factory sewing clothes. I also sold flowers and doughnuts - just odd jobs to try to make 10 pesos, which is equivalent to 20 cents.
I was just doing my job in the ring and doing my best to make people happy.
Well you know it's dangerous in politics, because especially in the Philippines there's a lot of killing in politics.
I want the people of the Philippines to be happy, even if they have nothing.
I wanted to be a world champion.
I know what poverty is.
I've always fought for my country, in my own way, showing that Filipinos are a strong people and can do anything that they put their minds to.
I come from a poor family.
I don't mind having these relatives. I'll give them a little, since they all prayed for my victory.
My #1 driving force is my lord and savior Jesus Christ. Also my family, my wife and children.
Being a Christian means accepting Christ as your savior, your God. That's why you are called a 'Christian.' If you remove Christ, there's only 'ian' and that means 'I am nothing.'
I've already established my (political)machinery. It's like a car. It's fixed already. You just have to get in and drive it.
Boxing is a sport. We allow each other to hit each other, but I'm not treating my opponent like my enemy. We're doing a job to entertain people.
I'm not against gay people.
I have a relative who is also gay. We can't help it if they were born that way.
I only gave out my opinion that same sex marriage is against the law of God.
Only in death will I relinquish my belts.
I know everyone in the Philippines is happy.
