Russian,Athlete
I've had good times and bad times. That's me. That's how I am.
I give up on spending time on these courts; I give up on practicing before the tournament I hate. I hate this.
I have no regrets.
I've lived my life the way I wanted to, whether scaling the mountains, partying long into the night or having fun playing soccer.
You can find flaws in Agassi and Sampras, but Federer has none.
New York is a fantastic city.
It is very hard for me to switch from clay to grass.
I definitely want to get out of tennis and try something completely different.
I don't care about losses anymore.
I achieved what I want to achieve and I want to continue doing something else.
My mother said I would have more chances to become a tennis player than a football player.
It was really impossible to break through in Russia. We couldn't buy any balls. We really didn't have any courts, no rackets, nothing. And no people to practice with.
I'm not a materialistic person.
I've realized I can't waste any moment being unhappy.
Five sets is a kind of lottery. Anything can happen.
It's a pity that the tennis is really going down the drain. Every year it's getting worse and worse and worse. There has to be a radical change, and I hope it will be really soon.
No matter what happens, tennis is still tennis: You can see a lot of great matches, a lot of new people.
You have to wake up and you have to run if you want to survive.
There's a lot of things in life that we don't know why they're coming exactly at this moment.
I pass through the difficult moments in life, really difficult times on grass, during my seven years of my career. All of a sudden I felt comfortable.
One of the most important things, actually, when you're playing on grass, is to move.
I could be the best looking guy in the Duma, but that's only because all the other guys are over 60.
All in all, I think Kazan is Russia's sportiest city after Moscow, leaving all the others far behind.
If you're losing, just be a man; be a man and lose as a man.
You're playing or you're not playing. If you're playing, so just shut up and play.
Me, I don't need money.
We live because of the dreams.
I didn't change the world.
But when I'm losing a few matches, suddenly 'It's his fault', 'He doesn't want to practice', 'He doesn't need it', 'He doesn't care'. And when everything goes well, there are people coming behind the stone, saying, 'Oh, my God, he's back finally, and I was there to help him out'.
