Panamanian,Athlete
Don't worry about what the people say; be yourself, say what you want to say with respect.
God is good for everybody. The sun shines on good people and bad people, and it rains on both, too. God doesn't choose rain only for bad people.
Fishing is a hard job. Fishing at night. Rain. Day, night. You have to be wise and smart. And quick.
You can't second-guess baseball. You can't second-guess yourself.
I have nothing to ask for, thanks to God. Everything I have, God has given me.
You're just trying to throw the best pitch you can and make sure you hit your spots. I don't have to force nobody.
I don't just think regular season. I think playoffs. World Series. That's how I think.
I don't wait for people to give me respect. I always give them respect.
I don't think any professional accepts defeat.
Everything starts with God in my career, and it will finish with God.
My father is the man that, he will give you what he doesn't have, still. If he has 10 bucks and you need 10 bucks because you're sick or you don't have nothing to eat, he will give you 10 bucks. He will be at zero, but he will help you. That's the kind of man that my father is.
Because I have a little bit more, that means I'm better than you? No. Unacceptable.
I like a calm life where nobody bothers me.
I miss everything that makes up Panama. I don't have a preference. I love my country.
My father was strict and always taught me, no matter who it is, everybody is an uncle. To me, everybody was someone I respect like family. I grew up with that.
I always take time for somebody who wants to talk to me.
I don't feel invincible because I'm human.
There's a lot of things more than baseball that I want to do.
I'm a positive man.
If you don't control your emotions, your emotions will control your acts, and that's not good.
I'm a simple guy, you know? If I do something, it's not going to be, 'Look at this, look at that.' It just happens.
I want to give my respect, glory and time to the Bible - to the word of God - just as I want to give my respect and time to my work.
I listen to Christian music.
I'm telling you, God loves a lot of people.
I don't want to pitch forever.
Ever since I was a little kid, I was competitive.
