Italian,Athlete
Racism springs from ignorance.
You can't delete racism. It's like a cigarette. You can't stop smoking if you don't want to, and you can't stop racism if people don't want to. But I'll do everything I can to help.
My public image is absolutely not a fair reflection of who I am.
I have my life, my world. I do what I want, without annoying anyone.
I want to be the strongest player in the world and score a lot of goals. To do that, I have to improve in every area.
They say that abandonment is a wound that never heals. I say only that an abandoned child never forgets.
The talent God gave me is beautiful and wonderful, but it is difficult because you are always facing other people keen to judge you. There are few people with such talent, so there are few able to judge what I am doing.
If I buy a Fiat Uno, I'll read that, for a man like me, a Ferrari was more suitable. If instead I buy a Ferrari, they'll write that I should have kept my feet on the ground and bought a Fiat. If I smile, I'm not serious. If I don't smile, I'm a rich sulker that doesn't enjoy having the most beautiful job in the world.
People who know me, love me. People who don't know me love me too... or they hate me.
I don't follow politics; it doesn't interest me. So why should I vote?
You speak bad of me, I score goals.
When I decide to score, I score. I know I am strong, but I believe it is not enough yet. I can kick fine, dribble very well, but I still have to improve.
I am different - if you can find another like me, then I will buy you dinner!
Yes, I think I am a genius, but not a rebel.
Sometimes in football you deserve to win but lose. Other times you deserve to lose or draw but you win. That is the game, and it's why I've always said you should never try to predict anything in football, especially in Europe.
I believe I am more intelligent than the average person.
When I wasn't famous, I had a lot of friends, almost all of them Italian. The racism only started when I started to play football.
I don't like journalists and I hardly ever talk to them.
I know some players like being the centre of attention and I admit that when I first became a player I liked fame, too. But that feeling lasted only for three months. Then I realised what it was really like to be the centre of attention all the time. It isn't all good.
I know I have a responsibility as a role model to children and I try to fulfill that.
I don't like golf. It's not for me, it's too quiet.
When I lose my temper it's because I decide to. If I do something it's because I want to do it.
I don't like to talk much, even when people speak bad about me. Inside me, I say, 'Why do they have to think of me that way?' But I know how I am. My objective is not that people follow me, but I'm happy that they do.
It surprises me how much children like me, you know? If they look at me as an example, I have a big responsibility.
Sometimes I dream to be alone and that nobody would talk to me. But I understand that football is really important and that everybody watches it. When you're famous, you have to do photos or autographs, especially for the kids.
What is important for me is that the people who know me for real know Mario how he really is. People who don't know me, they read newspapers and they watch TV. TV is made to give a lot of opinions... so I can't show the real Mario to everybody.
