American,Athlete
Yes, I believe that the art of winning is through intimidation, and not necessarily do you have to speak about it.
If you fail to prepare, you're prepared to fail.
The pool is terrible, but that doesn't have much to do with my record swims. That's all mental attitude.
What it is saying is that someone who was a world champion and who takes care of himself with a 17-year rest and applies the proper training techniques and perseverance could be successful.
The only side effect of too much training is that you get into better shape. There is nothing wrong with that.
The memories of the Munich games for me are of triumph and tragedy.
I just tried to keep my cool and continue with my race plan: to win.
When I went to the Olympics, I had every intention of shaving the mustache off, but I realized I was getting so many comments about it - and everybody was talking about it - that I decided to keep it.
Swimming isn't everything, winning is.
In everyday life there is always manana. There is no urgency.
Past performance speaks a tremendous amount about one's ability and likelihood for success.
I swam my brains out.
My biggest loss was the Olympics. I just can't forget losing. I never will.
I'm trying to do the best I can. I'm not concerned with tomorrow, but with what goes on today.
Well my thoughts on American swimming are that our prospects look favorable, but we may not have as strong a showing in the gold medal count as in previous Olympics. But I am not coaching.
There are times I might coach one or two workouts a year when the regular coach gets caught in traffic.
I wasn't able to lower my cholesterol so they put me on a statin drug. It is called lipitor. I was able to lower my level in about 30 days from above 300 to below 200.
And if you have high cholesterol, you would feel the same as if you had low cholesterol because there are no side effects, no symptoms of having high cholesterol.
In my day, at 12 years old, which was 38 years ago, we worked out in summer months for two and a half hours. Today someone in that age group might work out for four hours, two hours in the morning and two at night.
I am not qualified to talk about the diet. Simply because I am not a dietician.
If he wins seven golds and ties what I did, then it would be like I was the first man on the moon and he became the second. If he wins more than seven, then he becomes the first man on Mars. We'd both be unique.
All things being equal, if we could simulate the same scenario, he has a lot more difficult task. He's elected to swim six individual events, as opposed to what I elected to do, which was four.
I always wanted to be a dentist from the time I was in high school, and I was accepted to dental school in the spring of 1972. I was planning to go, but after the Olympics there were other opportunities.
I walked away from the sport for 17 years, then started swimming again recently in a master's program.
So in my mind I own a lot of house records still.
One of the most difficult things for people who have been successful in sports is adapting to the daily world where you can't get an answer from someone until 5 o'clock tomorrow. There is always an excuse. Living 40 or 50 years like that doesn't get too exciting after a while.
