American,Athlete
I think there's a lot of learning process in figuring out what things you want to do and shouldn't do. Maturing in that way is something that comes with experience and time.
I will never apologize for having a life.
I'm not getting caught in a club at 2 o'clock in the morning. I'm going to basketball games and hockey games and going to events and dinners.
Nobody knows the hard work that goes in the morning before I do anything.
I think a lot of women would be impressed by my shoe collection.
This day and age, you look at baseball as a whole, and not just the pitchers' side of it. You have the weight programs, you have the technology, and as a pitcher, you need to keep up.
When you have these big, strong power hitters who can hit the ball a country mile, and they're strong for a reason and able to do that, as a pitcher you have to keep up.
Dirty martinis and music - that's the big motto in our family. We get the booze going, and the music starts playing. Always old-school hip-hop. Jay-Z. Tribe Called Quest. The Pharcyde. My parents love that stuff.
I have a 48-hour rule. No drinking two days before a start. But those other days? Yes, I'm gonna go out. If I was locked up in my house all week, I don't know what I'd be like on the baseball field.
I love the idea of coming into a struggling franchise and seeing if I can help them win. First off, I hate to lose. At anything. Secondly, who doesn't want to be the guy to help turn something around?
Baseball is my job, and I love it, but it can't be the only thing I've got going on.
I'm very close with my friends. If someone was to ever come along and be the right person, they would have to get along with my friends.
There's not one part of me that wants to go crazy and do anything out of the ordinary, but it would be nice to do something and not have it spread all over the place. But that's the world we live in now, and you either have to accept it or figure it out - or become a villain, I guess.
As a public figure, you deserve to be treated fairly.
You give a press conference, and they'll pick one word, they'll pick two words. The media is still out to write what they want to write.
From the things I've read, I think I've been portrayed in kind of a way that makes me look like I don't put an effort into winning. I think that's completely the wrong portrayal of the person I am.
When people are getting on me for being at a Ranger game at 7 o'clock at night, they don't see what I've done between yoga, Pilates, workout, thrown, ran, done all my work by 5 o'clock, ate, and then I went to the game. Nobody is seeing that. Nobody is commenting on that.
I'm here to win. I'm here to play, and who I hang out with is my choice.
You've got to stay positive and go out and work as hard as you can to fix things, and there are going to be adjustments throughout your career, and hopefully it's a long one, so figuring out how to stay out there and get people out is part of baseball.
When I'm out there on the mound, I'm fighting for my teammates, fighting for the ability to stay in the game for a long time. It's war. I see the hitter - I think about what I want to do, but it's a very quick process. Then I attack. It's almost primal.
I like to dominate 100 percent. I don't want to just beat you - I want to wear you down.
I don't need to show anybody anything other than getting the guy out who is trying to make his money off of me.
