American,Athlete
I am a member of a team, and I rely on the team, I defer to it and sacrifice for it, because the team, not the individual, is the ultimate champion.
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match.
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.
True champions aren't always the ones that win, but those with the most guts.
Follow your heart and make it your decision.
Being a good teammate is when you try to sprint down a ball that everyone thinks is going out of bounds. But you go after it anyways and you get it.
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them.
The vision of a champion is bent over, drenched in sweat, at the point of exhaustion, when nobody else is looking.
You can't just beat a team, you have to leave a lasting impression in their minds so they never want to see you again.
Success breeds success.
There are always new, grander challenges to confront, and a true winner will embrace each one.
If you don't love what you do, you won't do it with much conviction or passion.
Golf is social. It brings a lot of people together.
As a mother I think you often get so caught up in trying to take care of everyone else that you forget to take care of yourself. But I'm a much better wife and mother when I take the time to take care of myself.
Soccer isn't very social. Plus, if you don't like someone on the other team, you can do something about it.
I got to experience soccer at the highest level at a young age; I decided I wanted to be part of that for as long as possible.
It is not sacrifice if you love what you're doing.
I could just have chips and salsa for dinner every day.
You may get skinned knees and elbows, but it's worth it if you score a spectacular goal.
I am happy that the young girls have a lot more choices these days and an opportunity to feel better about themselves.
The person that said winning isn't everything, never won anything.
English muffins with avocado is one of my favorite breakfasts.
I hope all you young girls see yourself up there... we were just like you.
It is more difficult to stay on top than to get there.
Sports have become increasingly more specialized, but that doesn't mean they shouldn't be fun.
