American,Athlete
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.
The game has its ups and downs, but you can never lose focus of your individual goals and you can't let yourself be beat because of lack of effort.
Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
My father used to say that it's never too late to do anything you wanted to do. And he said, 'You never know what you can accomplish until you try.'
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
You have competition every day because you set such high standards for yourself that you have to go out every day and live up to that.
There is no 'i' in team but there is in win.
My heroes are and were my parents. I can't see having anyone else as my heroes.
Be true to the game, because the game will be true to you. If you try to shortcut the game, then the game will shortcut you. If you put forth the effort, good things will be bestowed upon you. That's truly about the game, and in some ways that's about life too.
To be successful you have to be selfish, or else you never achieve. And once you get to your highest level, then you have to be unselfish. Stay reachable. Stay in touch. Don't isolate.
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come.
I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.
Gambling is legal and betting is legal, for what I bet.
I play to win, whether during practice or a real game. And I will not let anything get in the way of me and my competitive enthusiasm to win.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Sometimes, things may not go your way, but the effort should be there every single night.
I can't speak for the future. I have no crystal ball.
It's absolutely wrong that I don't want guys to challenge me. And the people who say that aren't in the room.
Winning isn't always championships.
In reality, I never want to grow up.
I do not have a problem, I enjoy gambling, but I think people are trying to make it seem like I have a problem, because people really don't know.
I won't have any competitive instincts in any sports, other than golf. I can't see being competitive in sports any more.
As athletes, we're used to reacting quickly. Here, it's 'come, stop, come, stop.' There's a lot of downtime. That's the toughest part of the day.
For a competitive junkie like me, golf is a great solution because it smacks you in the face every time you think you have accomplished something. That to me has taken over a lot of the energy and competitiveness for basketball.
There's only one Michael Jordan.
I believe greatness is an evolutionary process that changes and evolves era to era.
Purchasing the Bobcats is the culmination of my post-playing career goal of becoming the majority owner of an NBA franchise.
I'm patient.
I want people to understand, gambling is not a bad thing if you do it within the framework of what it's meant to be, which is fun and entertaining.
I will not quit this game because of what the media has done to me.
I know the signs of scaredness.
It's a habit of mine now, noticing labels, logos, shoes.
I wasn't really a work-conscious type of person. I was a player. I loved to play sports.
I'd like to be settled into somewhat of a normal life. Somewhat. I know it's never going to be completely normal.
It's hard to say if the NBA is hurt by the influx of younger players, but it's definitely impacted the league.
Do I need my number retired throughout the course of the league to acknowledge what I've done? No.
My challenge when I came back was to face the young talent, dissect their games, and show them maybe that they needed to learn more about the game than just the money aspect.
I want to play for years.
I realize that I'm black, but I like to be viewed as a person, and this is everybody's wish.
How many times have your parents told you not to do things, and the next thing you know, you go do it? And you realized you shouldn't have done it.
Being Michael Jordan means acting the same as I always have.
In college I never realized the opportunities available to a pro athlete. I've been given the chance to meet all kinds of people, to travel and expand my financial capabilities, to get ideas and learn about life, to create a world apart from basketball.
I think the players win the championship, and the organization has something to do with it, don't get me wrong. But don't try to put the organization above the players.
It is nerve-wracking watching my kids' games.
