American,Athlete
As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try, try, try again.
For me, I think the Lord wanted me to win to put a smile on Chinese people's faces.
Maybe sometimes I'm such a thinker, I reevaluate too much. Sometimes when it comes down to it, I really don't need to do anything, I don't really need to change anything. I need to just keep plugging away, working at it.
I think the French Open, in many ways, brought out a certain characteristic in me and in my game that was already there. Just the circumstances allowed for it to be able to show.
All of the Spaniards are really talented. I don't know what they eat.
I'm a competitive person and it is in my nature to try hard in every match I play. The only time I'm not competitive is when I'm playing against my mom.
Obviously the Asian American community wants you to do well. They are cheering you on no matter what the circumstances.
The first initial feeling, at least for me, was to go out and play well and hopefully win and have the Asian community be even more proud.
In the tennis world, there weren't a whole lot of Asians playing. You see it a little bit more now. The same can really be said for basketball.
It's difficult sometimes when you have somebody who is of a different culture trying to make light of something that is maybe not quite something that they understand.
I am just trying to get biblically stronger.
I am actually nondenominational.
I look at tennis as a bit of a platform to hopefully touch lives and encourage people.
I actually became a Christian in my rookie year on tour when I was 16 years old.
It has been a difficult road this year, but still I look at every day as a new opportunity.
I think when you've played at the level that I've played, anything outside the top 10 in certain aspects is just a number, unless you're obviously trying to get into tournaments and stuff.
I realize that I'm in the twilight of my career.
You know, I feel like if I don't change something, then the results maybe are going to continue the way that they have. That for me is not something that I want to really be a part of.
I still have a belief and a faith that some great things are still going to happen in my career. If I didn't believe that, it makes no sense for me to be out there, and on top of that, I know this is a period of time that God wants me to persevere through.
I just feel like it would be so against my personality to have this struggle in tennis and just give up. I know it's not me, not who I am, and that would probably affect other parts of my life.
If you quit once, it's so much easier to quit the second, third, fourth time.
It's like one of those dreams you have when someone is chasing you. You're running as fast as you can, and someone's trotting behind you, just out of range, trying to grab onto you.
I feel like I have as good a shot as anybody out there and I have gotten close in the past, so why not have the attitude that I can come out and play great tennis and maybe even win this tournament.
My knee feels good right now. I am definitely able to move about whichever way.
I have lost a little bit of flexibility, but the doctors say with any kind of torn ligament it is not uncommon for the injury to take 16 months to be 100 percent healed.
