American,Athlete
I don't get upset over things I can't control, because if I can't control them, there's no use getting upset. And I don't get upset over things I can control, because if I can control them, what's the use in getting upset?
My goals are to hit .300, score 100 runs, and stay injury-prone.
I felt alone out there, like I was on a desert island. I felt like Gilligan.
Me and George and Billy are two of a kind.
We'll do all right if we can capitalize on our mistakes.
I don't get upset over things I can control, because if I can control them there's no sense in getting upset. And I don't get upset over things I can't control, because if I can't control them there's no sense in getting upset.
Pitching is 80% of the game and the other half is hitting and fielding.
He's so ugly. When you walked by him, your pants wrinkle. He made fly balls curve foul.
He's so ugly he should have to wear an oxygen mask.
The first thing you do when you get out to center field is put up your finger and check the wind chill factor.
He was lost out there. He was the lost Mohegan.
These guys are so old they're eligible for meals on wheels.
What was the name of that dog on 'Rin Tin Tin'?
It was so cold today that I saw a dog chasing a cat, and the dog was walking.
A-Rod don't want to be the straw that stirs the drink. He want to be known as a fair guy who goes out and help a team to win a pennant. He's a great guy.
Going on twenty years, I've seen A-Rod getting better in different programs. He's one of the hardest-working guys there.
We yelled, mostly, but bad enough that you wanted to fight. That's how we became winners. We fought each other. When you did something wrong, we'd tell you about it.
If you strike out or look bad on the field, we'd get on each other. If you can't take the heat, you gotta get out of the kitchen.
What I liked was to set the tone - set the pace for the team. I know when we're starting the game, I can get on and steal a base, then a guy bring me in. Then we're in the lead and in a good position to win. That was the most exciting thing - to help the team.
Everybody complaining about their average and all that, but I wanted be in there where I can help my team no matter what situation. And a lot of days, I didn't have it.
I went to North Carolina to play football.
I thought I had a shot to play for the Dolphins.
I'm a Clint Eastwood man.
I don't like to lose. I don't care where it is.
You don't think about the cold weather. I'm just going to go out and play ball, do the best I can, and hope the team wins.
Good arms are overrated.
