Puerto Rican,Athlete
The harder I train every day on the track and in the gym, the more trust I gain in myself.
I don't want to be named myself as one of the elite boxers of Puerto Rico. That's for the fans and for the people that know about boxing. I just want to do my job the best I can, and I am going to do that the rest of my career.
As everyone in boxing knows, styles makes fights.
I have always believed that you win fights round by round.
All boxers are different, and we all approach the fights in different ways.
My team members are Hector Soto, who is a boxing promoter and Vice-president of Miguel Cotto Promotions. He runs all my business. He was the person that my father left in charge of it all. Bryan Perez is my right-hand man.
I was like any other kid: very normal, I can say. I just was a simple kid that came from a humble family and was taught by my father to be a family man and be committed to them. I stepped into boxing following my older brothers.
Winning the first championship is a goal for any boxer, and it means a lot to reach it.
I am a really quiet person. I just like to be with my children and my family and being home. I live one day at a time, enjoying the best of life, just living.
I have a lot of love inside my house. I can't ask for more.
Some of our best fighters are not only Puerto Rican greats but all-time greats of the sport. Carlos Ortiz, Wilfredo Gomez, Wilfredo Benitez and Felix 'Tito' Trinidad and many others have made Puerto Rican boxing what it is today, and I am only an extension of their greatness.
To be the first Puerto Rican to win a world title in four divisions would be an achievement. Gomez, Benitez, there have been a lot of good fighters from Puerto Rico before me. When I started boxing, Tito Trinidad was our big star.
I would like to be remembered as a boxer who tried to do his best.
I just think about the fight and what can happen. In the ring, It's my time to shine in front of everyone.
I train every day for 3 to 4 and a half hours.
