Romanian,Athlete
What makes me happy is the appreciation of people around me.
You can't jump from little things to big things. It just takes time and patience.
I wanted to have a free life.
You should also appreciate the goodness around you, and surround yourself with positive people.
I don't run away from a challenge because I am afraid. Instead, I run toward it because the only way to escape fear is to trample it beneath your feet.
Enjoy the journey and try to get better every day. And don't lose the passion and the love for what you do.
Of course, I grew up in Communist Romania, but I am happy to say that now our country is democratic, and prospering, since the revolution in 1989.
We only had white socks in Romania. But when I used to come back from the States, I used to bring back pink and yellow socks with all kind of designs, and hair clips and elastic bands for the ponytail that had colourful designs.
Life is not easy for anyone. You have to have ups and downs. You can make mistakes. You learn and try not to make them again. That's pretty much my principle.
Two days after returning from Montreal, I was training again, and I went on to win two more golds at the 1980 Moscow Olympics.
I always say, 'When the Olympics are happening, you shouldn't be in any other place in the planet - you should be here.'
It was my mother who got me involved in gymnastics, sending me to classes when I was six just to stop me doing back flips on the couch and destroying the furniture.
When I look back, I am happy that my mum took me to the gymnastics club. I didn't join gymnastics to become a famous athlete or celebrity; it just happened - I did more than I expected, of course.
I basically have my life today as a result of what I did as a child. What did I miss out on? Yeah, I missed not hanging out at shopping malls, I guess, but that is not a big deal because you don't get a medal for that.
I cannot change anything, so I don't want to think about what I would have done.
The fans had become used to looking toward the scoreboard whenever a gymnast stuck a landing. You could tell they were thinking, 'Was that good enough? Would the numbers read 10.00?' The athlete was looking, too.
I couldn't do everything in the first or second day; it took me years to be able to get to the achievement that I've had. I wasn't perfect from the beginning.
I'm not a dreamer for, you know, 'I want to go to the moon someday.' I accomplished something when I was young, which was much more than I expected to. My results were much bigger than I ever dreamed about it.
Uchimura is the greatest of all time.
I thought I was going to retire at 20, and I was going to be a surgeon.
Gymnastics should be popular everywhere; you just need the right person to start the right programme.
That's what everybody remembers. They don't remember how many medals I won in my career. They remember the 10s.
I know my life story sounds too extraordinary to be true.
I come from a wonderful country with wonderful people.
I like to tell young people to work hard for your goals and live in the moment.
I ended up in the US for a month or so, before moving to Montreal with some Romanian friends.
At 14, you think you compete, you retire and you get a job. I didn't think gymnastics was a career that was going to change my life.
At some particular time, when I was 14 years old, I've done something that people didn't expect.
People ask me what the definition of perfection, I said it's none: there is no definition of perfection.
People think you have pressure when you are young. It's the other way round, actually.
Gymnastics was my way to travelling the world.
Scoring the first 10 in history was a big deal, but the fact that even an electronic scoreboard could not figure out how to put out a score, it made the story more historic.
We used to exchange leotards with gymnasts from other countries. I don't remember who I got my most prized leotard from, but it was one with a lot of stars on it.
Yes, gymnasts aim for perfection, but I never thought about the score. If that's what's in your mind, it will probably mess you up.
In Montreal, I kept thinking, 'Pay attention: this is the Olympics! It only happens once every four years!'
Romania doesn't have a big tradition of gymnastics as a fun activity. We were a little behind in this aspect.
I like seeing advanced acrobatics, but I also like to see more than tumbling. It's important to combine the artistry of gymnastics with the tough skills. It's called artistic gymnastics. We should stand by the name.
It's very hard to get to the top. It's hardest to stay at the top.
Of course I used to smile and laugh in 1976, but not when I was competing. Please show me somebody who laughs when they are concentrating; I always smiled.
I like America. I don't want to hurt America.
I like risky stuff.
To me, family is what is important. If you don't have it, nothing is going to matter.
When I was 14, I had no pressure. I was a kid, and I didn't understand all the attention.
If I have a feeling of not trusting, I don't get too close.
The - I don't want to say older, but the more experienced I get, I treasure and I honor what I've done much more.
People always accused me of not smiling like my rival Olga Korbut, but that was just my personality. When you're balancing on a nine-inch beam, you have to concentrate. But if you look back at the footage, I was always smiling and waving at the crowd after my performances.
After retiring from competition in 1981, I did exhibitions and coached.
I come from a communist country. We learned nothing of lawyers, nothing about rights.
I think a lot of people don't actually know me. They think, 'She's like this,' or, 'She's like that.' They say I have no emotions - I do, but you couldn't see them then. I had to keep them inside.
Gymnastics is so huge in the Olympics. There are a lot of fans who want to see more.
I wasn't allowed to leave Romania. That made me mad. You just want your freedom. You want your space. You want opportunity.
When I got married in Bucharest, there were 10,000 people on the street. People didn't go to work that day. It was emotional to see how people care about you. I didn't expect that.
I like Oklahoma. It's a quiet place. You can work, and nobody disturbs you.
See, when I went to the Olympics in '76, the gymnastics people knew that I was good, but everybody else, after I won, everybody was like, 'Where's she coming from? Who is she? What is Romania?'
I made the cover of 'Sports Illustrated,' 'Newsweek' and 'Time' all in one week, and I didn't even know what that meant.
In the '80 Olympics... people expected me to win. I was good enough to win, and I made a mistake and ended up second, which is pretty good, too.
When you're growing up, you realize you've got a lot of heavy things on your shoulders.
Now, I have a kid, I have businesses to take care of, I have to travel. I have to sit down... and find a little time for me.
My message to the ladies would be, you can do all of the things, but not all of them at the same time.
I work out every day, but my idea is to make something short. I work out a maximum half hour. I only do like 20 minutes of cardio, and I do some stretching and some light weights, and I'm out of there.
I had a lot of energy, and my mom decided to look for a place where I can spend the energy, because I was jumping on the couch and furniture, and I was jumping on the top of the things in the house.
People assume a lot of things about gymnasts - that the girls work too hard, it's way too much for them, they are too young to work so hard.
I never personally complained; everybody else complained for me.
Maybe that's why I like gymnastics - because I like to fly.
I live in the moment. I can turn the page and move on.
I would love to be in 'Dancing With the Stars.'
I have a classic taste with a twist, because classic never goes away.
If I was 14 or 15 again, I would do the same thing. I've done everything. I think I've accomplished more than I had in mind.
I always say I don't want to change anything in my life.
I'm very good friends with my former coaches. We speak on the phone a lot.
I don't think many people consider in their heart that they have two places that are home.
It feels good when you come to a place like Oklahoma to charge up the batteries. I need that.
I didn't realize that winning the Olympics at age 14 automatically put me in the category of being a celebrity.
I thought celebrity meant Hollywood, that's it. I began to see that does include Olympians. People have so much respect for Olympians.
My mother never watched me train in Romania. She wasn't allowed, it just wasn't done back then. My training was paid for by the government. My parents were not at the Olympics with me, either. I never expected them to be.
If I was a boy, nobody would care that I worked out six, seven hours a day when I was 9 years old, no? Why were people always saying 'poor little girl?' I liked to work out and always did more than I was asked to.
At the end of the day, I just want to see good gymnastics!
I think gymnastics was associated with the 10. I thought that belonged to the sport, and somehow we gave it way.
I was turning actually 15 at the Olympics in '76... I don't think that one year makes a huge difference.
Two gold medals and two silver, I don't think is that bad... I think I still did a pretty good job.
I never thought I would be standing here, married to an All-American guy, living in Oklahoma. What a country.
I tell people, 'Have you ever been to Oklahoma? There are a lot of nice people there that do wonderful things.'
Nellie Kim, an Olympic champion from the former Soviet Union, got a 10 right after me in '76, but nobody talks about that.
Ceausescu thought I had only a few medals, but I have a room full of them in Bucharest, between 150-200 in all. They needed suitcases to haul them out.
I'm the kind of person, I leave a little space for better.
When I went into the Montreal Games, nobody expected much out of me.
Once you become an Olympic champion, you are expected to win all the time.
What can you know about life at 14? I have learned a lot since, but you learn slowly. You get hit by many things and try to make sense of it.
I am a relaxed person. I am very happy.
When you go out of your country and meet people, you get a wider perspective.
Near the end of my career, I saw things that didn't make too much sense to me when I was a kid.
I did not even look at the scoreboard when my routine was done in 1976.
