American,Athlete
First, I have to thank God for giving me the gift that he did as well as a second chance for a better life.
I wish I could compete again, but my good feeling is, these competitions are better as exhibitions.
My weaknesses are my jumps. The reason is that although I land them in practice, when I actually compete or perform, I should let my body go and stabilize my mind better. Also, I need to work on not letting negative thoughts and emotions get to me on the ice.
Actually I dance really well on the floor.
And still I'm not completely happy with my skating. I always feel I can do more and climb higher.
I come to Fashion Week events in New York City twice a year.
I don't care what the critics say or think because I care for and love my fans.
I have a lot of different stages in my life when training has been easy or hard. Now, it seems that I have been training for so long that it has become almost second nature to me.
I skate now for fun and to keep myself in shape.
I started taking ballet lessons when I was three and a half and I still take dance classes.
I use Graf Edmonton for boots and John Wilson blades.
I want kids to enjoy skating and I think it's a great workout.
I will try to make a doll of Oksana with a little dog.
I wish I could say it's easy, but honestly, to get ready for a big championship is not as easy as it seems.
I'd like to consider myself a versatile skater and I like to skate to different kinds of music.
No, I'm not coaching. It's a huge responsibility to coach somebody.
Now, I don't make decisions as fast as I used to.
Olympic Gold changed me and my life dramatically. I became a celebrity overnight and people see me as a famous skater, not a real person.
One of my favorite vacation places is Miami, because of the people, the water and the beach - of course - and the architecture on Miami Beach is so wonderful.
Pairs skating and singles are two different things. Although some skaters have achieved this successfully, it is a very difficult transition. You're looking at double work.
People really do spend a lot of money on their pets - sometimes more then themselves.
Professional competitions are overrated.
