French,Athlete
Outside football, I just love life, you know. We're lucky to play football, to have all this body. Everyone's watching us. You see how many people, they come and watch the game. It's unbelievable, you see how many people they come. They shout your name and just enjoy life.
I wasn't really interested in girls. Only football. I was just enjoying football all the time. There was a five-a-side next to the flat, and I used to play there all the time. It was all about football. I wanted to be a professional. That was my goal. I didn't want to be anything other than a footballer.
I grew up in a flat with my brothers and my cousins. My brothers were in the same bed.
I'm someone who says what he thinks.
They teach you some things, but football is instinct sometimes. You just get the ball, and sometimes you dribble past three players and pass it; other times, you can shoot from far away. It's just instinct. If you feel something, just do it. I am free to do that.
I only think about the pitch. I want to do great. I want to be one of the best. I want to win titles. I want to achieve things.
I always dream about winning the Ballon d'Or.
I have to keep working hard and playing well because I don't like to be second or third: they're the worst places to be. You would be proud, of course, because it means you're on the way, but you want to finish first.
Because I'm fairly big, I like to use my body. So I'll control the ball, even when there's a player on me, and then I'll pass.
My family always helped me. I had people around me who always pushed me to be the best: my dad, my mum. My dad used to play and coach as well. But I wasn't born with shiny things.
I came back to Carrington, and it was like I just came back home.
I wanted to show the world, to show United that I was ready to play and I was motivated to play. This comeback just showed that I left United, but the power of my heart was still here, to be honest.
The real Pogba is the one you see every time. You know, when I'm on the pitch, I cannot act. I'm not an actor. So when I'm in the pitch, I like to joke and laugh, and outside the pitch, I'm the same. For me, I'm normal. I come and play football. I do what I love.
All players rolled into one: from defensive midfielder to attacking midfielder to attacker. I want to take the qualities from everyone. I'd like to get to the level where I have everything: Vieira, Deschamps, Zidane, Ronaldinho, Henry, Ronaldo. It wouldn't be bad, that.
I don't think I am a great. I think I've done nothing. I've done nothing in soccer. I've won leagues, but I haven't won the Champions League, the World Cup, the Euro. Winning the Euro in France, that wouldn't be bad.
I'm more experienced, I've won titles at Juventus. I've been playing with big players like when I started at Man United, of course. I came back. I've not come back from the Academy now; I went to play somewhere else, and I came back, I would say, as a person, as an adult.
I'm sure Mourinho will make me a better player and a better person.
My deepest respect to the clubs who considered having me.
Playing against an Italian team is harder than all the other leagues. The Italians won't score lots of goals, but they won't concede many, either.
