Canadian,Athlete
I get up every morning and it's going to be a great day. You never know when it's going to be over so I refuse to have a bad day.
Contentment does not come from achievement. It comes from a relationship with the Lord.
I'm not nearly as important as I used to think I was. It's a wonderful discovery.
When fairy tales are written in the west, they're known as folklore. In the east, fairy tales are called religions.
You can say what you want about me, but don't mess with my wife.
I didn't handle fame very well at first. I got a little resentful.
The Lord expects us to enjoy our lives. He says there will be some brutal times, but we shouldn't get all bent out of shape about it.
When you have hope, and you have peace, you can handle anything.
I'm so proud to be Canadian. I've been to 58 countries, and they're wonderful countries, but Canada is the best.
I don't eat fast food any more, not since I got cancer.
I'm pretty transparent and have no problem sharing my weaknesses.
My wife and I really enjoy a glass of red wine. We're too old to drink cheap wine, and we don't.
Pride is about the ugliest trait somebody can have.
I'm a very, very proud Canadian, and having the privilege to represent my country on the international level was the highlight of my 18-year career.
My philosophy is I take today, live it the best way I can and if I wake up I'll take another shot at tomorrow.
My philosophy, don't let cancer ruin your life. You get up every day and use what you have and what time you have left.
I always thought Christians were the weak people. When you can't make it in life then you have to ask God. I really prided myself on being a self-made man.
There is no wrinkle-free life.
The Bible says not to worry so I don't. I just get up in the morning and ask God for help to get through the day. If tomorrow shows up then I'll take the same shot tomorrow.
After I started to understand the spiritual dimension of life, I understood the responsibilities you have as a husband, a father, a friend and a hockey player.
I get as much fan mail today and sign as many autographs as I did when I played. It's mind-boggling to a certain degree.
I have never been worried because when you have hope and peace, you can handle anything.
I think having the cancer allowed me to be able to freely talk about my faith.
Cancer is cancer. I've got a great life if I can just stay alive.
We grew up very poor, and I hated being poor. I was the oldest of five kids, and I never got a pair of skates until I was nine. It was very difficult to get an education back then and play junior hockey.
Contentment does not come from achievement.
