Brazilian,Athlete
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
Enthusiasm is everything. It must be taut and vibrating like a guitar string.
A lot of people, when a guy scores a lot of goals, think, 'He's a great player', because a goal is very important, but a great player is a player who can do everything on the field. He can do assists, encourage his colleagues, give them confidence to go forward. It is someone who, when a team does not do well, becomes one of the leaders.
I am constantly being asked about individuals. The only way to win is as a team. Football is not about one or two or three star players.
Everything on earth is a game. A passing thing. We all end up dead. We all end up the same, don't we?
I always had a philosophy which I got from my father. He used to say, 'Listen. God gave to you the gift to play football. This is your gift from God. If you take care of your health, if you are in good shape all the time, with your gift from God no one will stop you, but you must be prepared.'
Wherever you go, there are three icons that everyone knows: Jesus Christ, Pele and Coca-Cola.
Over the years I've learnt to live with two persons in my heart. One is Edson, who has fun with his friends and family; the other is the football player Pele. I didn't want the name. 'Pele' sounds like baby-talk in Portuguese.
You must respect people and work hard to be in shape. And I used to train very hard. When the others players went to the beach after training, I was there kicking the ball.
If you don't give education to people, it is easy to manipulate them.
Everything is practice.
When I was a footballer, I surrounded myself with footballers. We were all friends. But in Brasilia you don't know who your friends are. It can be a dangerous place.
Pele doesn't die. Pele will never die. Pele is going to go on for ever.
I played for Santos at 16, and we had an excellent team, so it helped a lot. And then I played for Brazil at the Maracana against Argentina. So I get more experience. This was one year before the World Cup, and it made a lot of difference.
Brazil eats, sleeps and drinks football. It lives football!
If I pass away one day, I am happy because I tried to do my best. My sport allowed me to do so much because it's the biggest sport in the world.
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.
I represent Brazil all over the world. Wherever I go I have to do my best, to not disappoint the Brazilian people. And that I've done.
The World Cup is a very complicated tournament - six games, seven if you make it to the final - and maybe if you lose one game you're out, even if you're the best.
The World Cup is a very important way to measure the good players, and the great ones. It is a test of a great player.
I have to trust something that gives me power; I have to believe in something, but in my career I have a lot of moments I cannot explain with God.
The bicycle kick is not easy to do. I scored 1,283 goals, and only two or three were bicycle kicks.
No doubt, I am earning more money with my endorsements than I ever earned playing soccer.
I've come to accept that the life of a frontrunner is a hard one, that he will suffer more injuries than most men and that many of these injuries will not be accidental.
Of course, my father was a soccer player. He used to play very good. Then, when I was young, eight or nine years old, ten years old, I just want to be like my father.
The bicycle kick is not easy to do.
