American,Athlete
I felt like, by the end of the week in the U.S. Amateur, I was never aiming at a flag; I was just hitting it at slopes and just letting the natural contours take over.
Take Ernie Els. He plays in every country. You see his name everywhere. He's received in different parts of the world. It's a good experience.
I had always wanted to see the world, and the PGA Tour was always going to be there.
Winning is fun and great, but I would rather have a long, successful and healthy career than a short one with a few wins.
Name a country, and I have probably been there.
I did some traveling as an amateur and always loved the different places I saw.
I don't mind playing or watching a movie or sitting down.
You are going to hit some good shots and not get rewarded, but that's just U.S. Open golf. It's tough; it's hard.
I'm just going to go out and play. At the end of the day, you are still hitting a little white ball with your clubs.
It's the Masters. If that doesn't get you nervous and your juices flowing, I don't know what does.
That's match play. You've got to get lucky. You've got to try to catch somebody on a down day when you have a down day.
I've never really been somebody who likes to hit it straight. That's just never been my forte, I guess.
St. Andrews is the Home of Golf and the greatest course in the world. Any time you can win at St. Andrews would be special. It's every golfer's dream to win out here.
I've never really been somebody that thinks too much about what I've done.
I've been trying to be the best representative for my school, my family, and the USGA as I possibly could.
The European Tour plays all over the world: from the U.K. to China, from Korea to South Africa, and from the Middle East to southeast Asia.
I've been to India, and I never thought I'd go there.
I went cage diving in South Africa with Great Whites, and that was fun. Sweden was cool.
As long as you can find a place to develop as an all-round player, then you're doing great.
I try to go out, check out the town, and have a good time. It's a life experience: not everyone gets the chance to see the world and play golf, do the thing you love while travelling.
Name me one golfer that doesn't get frustrated.
It's all about becoming a more well-rounded player and not a one-dimensional player. You might hear someone say, 'Hilton Head sets up well for them.' I don't want that stereotype.
I was born in Massachusetts. I live in Stillwater. I went to school in Florida.
There has been a great list of players who cut their teeth in Europe.
I loved my time at OSU. It was unbelievable experience, and I'm definitely going to miss it.
Golf has always been a part of my life. My parents have footage of me in a walker swinging a plastic club. If I didn't play golf, I would have been a baseball player. I could sit and watch baseball all day.
