American,Athlete
If somebody is gracious enough to give me a second chance, I won't need a third.
There's other ways to make your head and muscles bigger than just steroids.
Am I still in uniform? Then I ain't retired.
When somebody wants to interview me, I've always got something to say.
I've never looked forward to a birthday like I'm looking forward to my new daughter's birthday, because two days after that is when I can apply for reinstatement.
I'd walk through hell in a gasoline suit to play baseball.
My father taught me that the only way you can make good at anything is to practice, and then practice some more.
Willie Mays could throw better, and Hank Aaron could hit more home runs. But I've got enthusiasm. I've got desire. I've got hustle. Those are God-given talents, too.
I played with 11 Hall of Famers and played against 52 Hall of Famers, and I don't know any of them linked to steroids.
Sliding headfirst is the safest way to get to the next base, I think, and the fastest. You don't lose your momentum, and there's one more important reason I slide headfirst, it gets my picture in the paper.
I love the fans, I love the game of baseball, and I love Cincinnati baseball.
Sparky Anderson taught me this a long time ago: 'There's three ways you can treat a person. You can pat 'em on the butt, you can kick 'em in the butt, or you can leave 'em alone.'
Back in 1960 at Christmas time, I did work loading and unloading boxcars for Railway Express. That was a kind of weight training that helped me. I weighed about 160 when I started. I began to gain weight and kept right on gaining until I reached 195 pounds.
The game of baseball is better when the Dodgers are playing well, just like when the Yankees are playing well, or the Cubs, the Phillies, the big-name teams.
I bet on the game of baseball and I bet on my team, even the mistakes I made, I have to take a different look at someone betting against their own team... that's throwing the game.
Sometimes, when you don't have spark, someone in the dugout has to create something.
The manager of a team is like a stagecoach, he can't move unless he has the horses.
I bet on my team to win every night because I love my team; I believe in my team. I did everything in my power every night to win that game.
When I get the record, all it will make me is the player with the most hits. I'm also the player with the most at bats and the most outs. I never said I was a greater player than Cobb.
Some of my biggest friends are big-time horse owners.
Brooks Robinson belongs in a higher league.
Doctors tell me I have the body of a thirty year old. I know I have the brain of a fifteen year old. If you've got both, you can play baseball.
I'm just like everybody else. I have two arms, two legs and four-thousand hits.
Playing baseball for a living is like having a license to steal.
The greatest competitor was Bob Gibson. He worked so fast out there and he always had the hood up. He always wanted to close his own deal. He never talked to you because he was battling so hard. I sure as hell don't miss batting against him, but I miss him in the game.
There is an old saying that money can't buy happiness. If it could, I would buy myself four hits every game.
I would think if someone connected to steroids made the Hall of Fame, that would enhance my chances of making the Hall of Fame.
I look at the records, and you don't win the Cy Young seven times or the MVP without being a good player.
A team will take on its manager's personality. If it's a laid back manager, you'll have a laid back personality. The players will see that if it's OK for the Manager to be laid back, then you'll have a laid back team.
If baseball wants to get you, they've got enough resources and enough investigators that they'll find a way to get you.
If you screw up and do something, don't lie about it; come clean.
I never picked up my phone and called a bookmaker and bet on a baseball game from the clubhouse. Never.
I'm not going to go back to gambling; I mean, it's as simple as that.
No matter how many times you say you're sorry, somebody is not going to hear you.
I know about winning batting titles.
We were so poor when I was a kid that I had a sister who was stamped, 'Made In Japan.'
There is no doubt that because I am a switch hitter I have one of the best offensive advantages that a hitter can have.
When you ask people about guys they didn't like because they were aggressive, there's me, John McEnroe, Jimmy Connors; not too many names would come up.
Since 1869, baseball has been doing pretty well.
Baseball and the players association have rules. If you stay within the rules - which say that you can play while you're appealing - I don't see what anyone would be in arms about.
I'm built like my dad. Stocky, strong.
My body is my best asset.
No player or manager has greater respect for the umpires than I do, and I have demonstrated that over the years.
Are you tall? Are you strong? How big are your hands? You must be honest with yourself or you will end up using the wrong bat.
I am grateful that I live in a nation where most believe that one's punishment should fit their wrongdoing and that ours is a nation that judges an individual by both what he has done and how he has changed.
I actually went to some Gamblers Anonymous classes, and I sat there for three or four of them, and I'm trying to figure out what I have in similarities with these other people, and I could never find anything. It just seems like it wasn't the right place for me.
You don't dominate any sport when you're over 40.
I get accused of talking about records. But it's the guys who interview me who ask about them.
I love WWE.
When people think of me, they think about me knocking catchers down and knocking second basemen down and yelling at pitchers. But when I took the spikes off after the game, I was a nice guy when I went home.
Who cares if you bunt for a base hit?
Umpires got power, man. You ever notice if you go to a ballpark and there's a close play on first base, they will not run the replay at the ballpark? I've seen umpires go underneath and call up and say if you run one more of those replays, we're gonna forfeit the game. That's how strong their union is.
I came to Vegas because I work 20 days a month here; I couldn't live anywhere else.
Hillary Clinton wrote a book. She got paid. I don't understand why I can't.
I still gamble, but it's all legal. I own horses, and I go to watch my horse. I don't go daily.
A lot of these catchers don't understand that they are blocking the plate and they don't have the ball. You're not allowed to block the plate without the ball.
Your obligation as a base runner is to try and be safe within the rules. OK?
Any time you've got big teams winning, you've got big stars.
I had an addiction to play baseball.
Obama's a great speaker. Because of his speaking ability and his appearance, a lot of guys got on board. Being the first African American, a lot guys got on board.
I like Barack Obama as a person. He's articulate, he knows sports, his brother-in-law's a coach. He always has the athletes to the White House. But I don't know about some of his policies and some of these people in Congress.
I met Gerald Ford. I met Richard Nixon. I met Jimmy Carter. I met Dwight Eisenhower when he was a general. George Bush senior. I haven't met Bill Clinton or George W. Bush, although I got a letter from him.
Can you be a nicer gentleman, or a better man for your sport or your kids than Joe Paterno?
