Brazilian,Athlete
I don't want to just be a champion, and I'm done with that. I wanna be a lightweight legend.
God makes everything in perfect time, and he doesn't give you anything you can't handle.
People treat you one way when you're champion, but when you're not the champion, everything changes. People treat you different.
I wouldn't be where I am without Evolve.
The way I train, the way I spar, I'm out of my comfort zone every single day, and you can see the result in my fights.
I'm going to show the difference between the champ and second place.
I'm not a trash talker. I respect my opponents.
Bro, how are you going to tap on the neck, on the choke? Go to sleep, man. Be a man.
I always trained hard in my life to win the title, and I will train twice as hard to stay at the top.
I want to do that. That's my goal. I want to become a legend.
Coming from where I came from, I was born naked with no teeth. Now I have everything.
I'm the best in the world; thank you, Jesus, for that.
I still have a lot to do, a lot to improve.
I have to take care of my family, my team, and my legacy.
When you're a fighter, and you're not doing good in your work, that happens - you lost the fight.
If you're out for two years, and you beat one guy with a full-time job, without disrespect, but we're talking about fighting for a world title. You can't just beat a guy that went there to cover some guy that got injured, and then this guy, after two and a half years, gets a title shot.
I beat Diaz, Pettis, Ben Henderson, Cerrone, and I earned it, man. I earned my title.
Nate Diaz is a tough opponent. I've fought him.
I'm the former lightweight champion. I want to fight one of the top guys. I don't want to fight a guy who isn't ranked.
I think between 2014 and 2015, I made weight five times in 11 months. During that time, I felt my body change. It was able to hold on to more weight. And anybody who makes weight knows that it gets harder and harder to make weight once you've done it that many times.
Cerrone is a great opponent. The guy won eight fights straight.
I am surrounded by great people.
I'm a big fan of Georges St-Pierre.
A lot of people tell me I have to trash-talk more, but I got here with my fists, fighting, not with my mouth.
You have to respect your opponent.
You can promote fights - of course, you have to - you can say 'I'll beat you' or whatever, but you cannot put family, religion, anything like that in the mix. You need to separate things. That is a line a lot of fighters cross.
I just have to go out and fight my fight and fight to win.
Ever since I was 10 years old doing jiu-jitsu, I've done well against the tall guys.
Man, Ben Henderson, Donald Cerrone... these guys are a different level, man.
Cerrone, he's a very good Muay Thai guy, very long.
Press conferences aren't the best thing to do, but it's part of the job.
A lot of fighters come from Brazil. We've been doing this for long, long years.
When you want the belt, you have to work for it.
If I take two years off, I would want to fight as much as possible.
It was priceless. Being the UFC champion and having my kids in the Octagon, my wife, them holding the belt. That was like a movie.
Just to be fighting for the belt, I was already happy. No pressure at all.
People say McGregor is tall and all that. He's as tall as I am, or maybe even shorter. He might have a longer reach, but I've fought Nate Diaz and Cerrone, who had reach advantage, and fought Anthony Pettis and Ben Henderson.
I was tested against the best.
Everybody talks. Anthony Pettis talked before the fight. Donald Cerrone talked before the fight. See what happened?
We have a lot of Brazilians in the United States. It doesn't mean we're traitors to our country.
Brazil is on my side.
If you look at my record, I have a clean record.
I do things right. No shortcuts.
People don't believe in me very much, but I have my teammates and my family that believe in me so much; they see how hard I work.
I didn't get any crazy sponsors. I don't have any extra sponsors since I got the belt.
I think things will come once I get the respect that I deserve. Keeping my belt for a long time... Things will happen like normal. I can't force those things.
I train to be the champion.
I don't want to lose what I've won.
Now that I've achieved my goal to win the belt, I want to be the best of all times. I want to be remembered as the lightweight with most title defenses.
I train to fight five rounds, but if we can end the fight in the first round, it's even better.
I get paid the same money if I'm fighting on pay-per-view or on Fight Pass, and Fight Pass is just getting started. It's the future. The Internet, many people watch it.
If I don't fight McGregor, I still have a good life.
I think money comes and goes. What comes easy goes easy.
I fight because I like challenges.
I like my life. I like competing, but it's not just because of the money.
Eddie Alvarez, man, he's a tough guy.
Ben Henderson, he had never been knocked out before fighting me.
What made me move up to welterweight was all the effort I was doing, to look at my health and have a good life. I wanted to stop sacrificing so much.
When I was 16 years old, I weighed 176 pounds.
It was tough to make weight against Cerrone, and I passed out three times making weight for the Eddie Alvarez fight. One day you get to the limit.
I fought well at 155, but I don't think I ever came close to my best at 155. I think I'll get to my best at 170 pounds.
I think social media is good for promotion, stuff like that, but people are so negative. People are too negative. If you read the comments, it's just too negative.
People see me because I'm winning my fights. That's how I want people seeing me.
I need talk more, call people out. It's not who I am, but I feel I need to do this more to bring more attention for me.
The whole world has American dreams. This country has people from all parts of the world. We have Irish who live here, we have Brazilians.
We have people around the world who live in the United States, and these people don't deserve to be called traitors.
I talk the truth. I don't trash talk, I just talk the truth.
I think to get a title shot, you need to have some expressive winnings.
I don't want to fight anybody that just wants to hold you and try and eat the time.
I like to fight, and I think the fans want to see a good fight, too.
In the future, I want to have super-fights.
I miss submitting people; I have a lot of confidence in my jiu-jitsu.
I think Robbie Lawler is a good name and a fight that interests me.
Everything I want to do in my life, I want to be at the top.
