American,Athlete
You don't need a corporation or a marketing company to brand you now: you can do it yourself. You can establish who you are with a social media following.
A successful man is built of 1,000 failures.
I've always been about progress and accomplishment. When you set your mind toward a goal, you continue to have follow-through.
I know you want me to let you in on some big secret to success in the NBA. The secret is there is no secret. It's just boring old habits.
I have a taste for a lot of different kinds of music... everything, from hip-hop to jazz to R&B to top 40 to alternative. There's a lot of good music out there. Every now and then, I'll flip through VH1 and watch the videos... the only thing I really don't listen to is country.
The minimum I run each day is 2 1/2 miles. I'll get to the weekend, and sometimes I'll run 10 miles. I've gotten up to 16 miles on the weekend. Running keeps me locked in.
I want to run a marathon in the immediate future. In the future future, I want to do ironmans. I cycle long distances. The only thing I have to work on is the swimming. I'm a good swimmer, but I've never done long distances like that.
What I learned in my career is to know how to take care of my body and treat it with respect. I will never forget that and never let go of that.
My mission my whole career was just to be somebody that you can look at and say, 'That's the guy I want to go into battle with.'
It doesn't necessarily have to be championship-or-bust for me to go back to the NBA. I want to be in a situation where I thought I could help, play a little bit, and help where they have good young talent.
I want kids to believe that I was just like they were, and to believe that they, too, can aspire to great things.
I've always said I didn't want to coach. But I can't coach in college because I don't have my degree. So I want to give myself opportunities. A degree is something everyone should have.
It's important for parents to put kids in positions where they can succeed and to teach competition because competition exists not only in sports.
I give a lot of shoes away, but there are some shoes that sometimes I'm like, I don't think they ever even released these. Sometimes, I don't know what they've released. But sometimes, friends of mine that work for Nike will visit and say, 'They never made these, so you need to hold on to these.'
If I get into a game, I'm going to win. There's no backing off.
There are so many good players in the NBA, and I just want to be at the top of the talent pool. I want opposing coaches and players to fear me.
Without my success in basketball, I'm nothing. My family, my daughter, my teammates, my foundation, my acting career - they all depend on that success.
Money can make people look at you in strange ways. You get phone calls from people you haven't spoken with in a long time, and they'll leave a message saying, 'Do me a favor, call me back. I have something I want to ask you.' I'm not going to answer those calls, because there's always something behind it, like a loan.
Listen: God doesn't care whether or not you make your next jump shot. God will give you a lot of things in life, but he's not going to give you your jump shot. Only hard work will do that.
As a team, we're all inside a bubble. Each of us only has so much room to operate. You have to carve out your space and recognize that because of someone else's needs, you might have to compromise a bit.
There's always a thrill to see a guy's face when you sent 'em packing because you're gonna be the last person they thought about, the whole offseason.
As a human being, it's in your nature, when somebody says something about you negatively, to defend yourself and lash back. That's what we all have to learn not to do. You have to forgive a person. And when you forgive a person, you have to forgive yourself.
It's a war of wills out there on the court. You have to have a stronger will than your opponent, and every guy on your team has to feel that same way against the guy he's guarding.
The years in Boston were the best of my career, and they mean more to me than anything. Winning on that stage was incomparable to anything else. That's the way I choose to look at it.
I never question a guy that wants to win, especially on my own team.
I'm always going to be a Celtic no matter what. It's always going to be in my veins. Once you live there and play for that team and win a championship, it doesn't matter where you go.
