American,Athlete
I know some 'thugs,' and they know I'm the furthest thing from a thug. I've fought that my whole life, just coming from where I'm coming from.
You can know a person is a good person or a bad person by who they are, not by what they look like.
No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you'd like to witness history.
There may be a lot of people out there who don't like me who don't even know me. But there are quite a few people who like me because they know me. I'm not a bad guy by any means. I can't do anything about people hating me for no reason.
I talk a big game because I carry a big stick.
We've seen a lot of average college players turn into great NFL players. We've seen great college players turn into great NFL players. We've seen great college players turn into terrible NFL players.
I've always been a square, a nerd. Kind of odd, kind of awkward. I still am to this day. People just think I'm a lot cooler 'cause I play football.
I would love for a regular student to have a student-athlete's schedule during the season for just one quarter or one semester and show me how you balance that. Show me how you would schedule your classes when you can't schedule classes from 2-to-6 o'clock on any given day.
I like every aspect of defense; I enjoy shutting down the offense.
The past is what the past is.
On the football field, you're still going out to there to win. And if you're not going out there to win, what are you going out there for?
I don't hate anybody.
I saw a hockey game where they threw the puck aside and just started fighting. I saw that, and I'm like, 'So I'm the thug?'
I don't think college athletes are given enough time to really take advantage of the free education that they're given, and it's frustrating because a lot of people get upset with student-athletes and say, 'They're not focused on school and they're not taking advantage of the opportunity they're given.'
You rest better coming off of a win.
Everybody can be who they are within the scheme of the Seahawks and what we want to do.
A lot of people are like, 'Don't read your news clippings.' I read them every day. Anything negative somebody said about me, I find it and use it as fuel.
I think my game measures up pretty well to myself.
My teammates would never say anything bad about me, even if they thought it. That's the kind of locker room we have.
Giving a true speech, a true, passionate speech, is old-school football.
There's a lot of racism still alive and still active.
You don't want to always put a bunch of sugar in you. Because your sugar gets high, it gets stuck in your blood, it gets stuck in your system. It makes you tired. You have the ups and downs.
You're not on scholarship for school, and it sounds crazy when a student-athlete says that, but that's - those are the things coaches tell them every day: 'You're not on scholarship for school.'
Luckily, I was blessed to go to Stanford and a school that was primarily focused on academics, so it was a blessing.
To those who would call me a thug or worse because I show passion on a football field - don't judge a person's character by what they do between the lines. Judge a man by what he does off the field, what he does for his community, what he does for his family.
I like to play video games and read.
