American,Athlete
A good vacation for me is going to warm weather. Being able to go outside, in the sun, hit the beach, play outside sports. Being active outside. Going swimming, hanging by the pool, having a couple drinks, having a couple of your close buddies around, and just having a blast.
I like anywhere with a beach. A beach and warm weather is all I really need.
Keep doing what you have to do to help the team out.
You have to give it to the Packers. They are a good team. They have a great offense and a great defense.
I just go with the flow, day by day, week by week.
You always want to be on top of the playbook. You always want to be refreshed with the plays, make sure you're on the same page with everyone else.
At one time, I wanted to be a WWE wrestler. I still do. I want to go in the ring once and mess around and jump off the ropes and do a Stone Cold stunt.
Just follow the rules. Always have a designated driver. Don't be doing anything to make someone mad. And just walk away from the trouble.
Just put football first, or your job first. Give everything you've got all week, work hard, work super-hard to take it to the next level every week. And when you feel like you got to the point where you want to be, you definitely need the time to go out, relax, have a good time, take all the stress off it.
You want to be the best at work in order to go out and celebrate.
Stay hyped! Get chicks!
I was always blessed growing up with opportunities and access to facilities, equipment, and playing with my brothers in the backyard to be the best athlete I could be.
Before I go to bed, I've got to hit my situps and pushups. While I'm watching a TV show, I do pushups. I even watch 'SpongeBob' still, so there we go.
We go out to practice every single day and we have fun out there, but at the same time, we're getting work done. We're going hard. If it's reps for the scout team, we're giving them good reps. If we're getting reps for the first team as a tight end group as a whole, we try and go out there and put our best out there as a group effort.
I've always been a fan of football, always watched the NFL and it's great to always sit back wherever I can this year. You sit back and enjoy the games, pop a little sports drink - not any pop or soda - lay back, watch the games. It's always cool to see how the games go down and just enjoy them.
To this day, I still haven't touched one dime of my signing bonus or NFL contract money. I live off my marketing money and haven't blown it on any big-money expensive cars, expensive jewelry, or tattoos and still wear my favorite pair of jeans from high school.
My softer side? I mean, I like to snuggle.
My brother's got two degrees. He got one for me.
You have no confidence when you come out of surgery because you can't really do anything. You're like, 'Man, am I ever going to heal?'
Me not working hard? Yeah, right - picture that with a Kodak.
I feel like when I do some dance moves during the week or at the house, I'm quicker on my feet. I can react quicker just from dancing.
My pet peeves are people touching me a lot. Random dudes grabbing me and slapping me across the back. They're not doing it on purpose, but it's like they forget I'm a person. But you can't do anything about it. What are you going to do?
I just really just try to get better as a player every week, just focusing on the team we have to play this week, and just trying to do whatever is best for the team that week.
I'd go at anyone. I took all of my brothers' bull. It made me who I am.
I was running super slow. Chris thought I was done. Then one day at the end of February, I woke up and my body felt good. I was just so happy. I was faster than my brother again. I got all my moves back. I told him, 'Brother, I'm back, and now you're done!'
Just like any other game we're taking on we've got to prepare, prepare hard, mentally, physically. We've been practicing hard.
