Swiss,Athlete
I'm a very positive thinker, and I think that is what helps me the most in difficult moments.
When you do something best in life, you don't really want to give that up - and for me it's tennis.
Clearly, when you win everything, it's fun. That doesn't necessarily mean you love the game more.
I've always been aware that the image you patiently construct for an entire career can be ruined in a minute. It scares you a bit, but that's the way things are.
I always had the dream that, once I became No 1 in the world, that if I had a child I hoped I would have it early enough so the child can see me playing.
I used to get nervous, you know if my parents would come watch. And then I would get nervous if my friends came and watched. Today it's not a problem anymore actually, because now I enjoy it. I see that they, you know, respect me immensely, and I try to put on a good show and show that I can still play very good tennis.
You know, I don't only play for the record books.
I am now the Wimbledon champion, and I think that gives me even more confidence coming to the Olympics. And maybe in some ways, it maybe takes some pressure off the Olympics, because I already did win at Wimbledon this year.
You always want to win. That is why you play tennis, because you love the sport and try to be the best you can at it.
To handle that stardom, the red carpets, the photo shoots, people all of a sudden recognizing you and following you in everyday life, it's a bit weird. It's strange, and it can have funny effects on you in terms of do you like it or don't you like it. Some people run away from it, some people embrace it; I found a good middle ground.
I have learnt to be even more patient.
The serve, I was too young and too small and... not enough powerful to have a good serve when I was young, so my forehand was always my signature shot. So I used to always run around my backhand, you know, use my forehand as much as I could, and so that's why I think it's my strength also today, you know.
The serve, I think, is the most difficult, you know, in terms of coordination, because you got the two arms going, and you got to toss it up at the right time so.
This year I guess I decided in the bigger matches to take it more to my opponent instead of waiting a bit more for the mistakes. Yeah, this is I guess how you want to win Wimbledon, is by going after your shots, believing you can do it, and that's what I was able to do today.
Being a husband is for me as big a priority as being a father.
I don't mind fans coming up in a friendly, respectful way. That's all part of the fun of being a top tennis player. But if people take pictures without permission, particularly if my children are in the shot, I feel uncomfortable.
Having twin girls is a life changer - that's for sure. But I like getting up and changing diapers. It's the things you do.
I enjoyed the position I was in as a tennis player. I was to blame when I lost. I was to blame when I won. And I really like that, because I played soccer a lot too, and I couldn't stand it when I had to blame it on the goalkeeper.
Sometimes you have to accept that a guy played better on the day than you.
I feel a bit awkward playing in a red shirt out at Wimbledon. But I don't dislike it.
My dad said if you become a tennis professional just make sure you get into the top hundred, because you have to make a little bit of money. You make a living so you can pay your coaching and, you know, your travels.
I am extremely proud and honoured to have beaten Pete's record as he was my childhood hero and I have always looked up to him.
I did all the right things in so many tournaments. But like I said, sometimes in sports it just goes the other way. Maybe you've already won so much that it evens it out a bit sometimes. I don't know.
I have to fit holidays around tournaments, particularly the grand slams, in Melbourne, Paris, London and New York.
I don't need to come back to Wimbledon every year because I can't live without it. I'd be totally cool without tennis.
We can't always agree on everything.
