Dutch,Athlete
To play Holland, you have to play the Dutch.
People have expectations of me but I'm not a magician.
I've taken challenges with the big risk that it can all go wrong. But that's what I like and I'd rather do that than be safe all the time.
You can't live in history. You've got to build for the future.
We Dutch, we like to have an opinion, a strong opinion. We think we know everything better.
If a player is racially insulted, he should have the right to leave the field.
I'd like to meet god. Not to question it, just to have a peak at what it is. I say 'it' because we don't know what it is.
Sometimes I miss coaching, but often things are not how they appear in football.
Politics and football don't mix.
If you look at my career, I've never gone to a team that had fulfilled their potential.
If there is a problem, and you don't say anything about it, it's like a cancer and it becomes bigger.
When I played, I received racial abuse but I was just one of a few black players and we weren't backed up by the authorities.
I like stubborn players. At least they have an opinion. If they are right or wrong, this doesn't matter for me.
I am very fit and by playing sweeper I can control the speed of the game.
You only stop learning when you quit.
You have to be open to everything.
Football develops, it becomes quicker, players develop as athletes.
Being a football manager is no fun at all. You have to put up with all the hassle. It is not surprising that so many turn grey or have heart attacks.
Often there is a wall between the journalist and the star because there is usually not much time to get to know a person, and the star is always asked the same questions, and may be defensive.
When I was young I was one of the second generation of black people in Holland. My father was the first. My mother was white, and living with a black man at that time and having a how-you-say half-caste boy is not easy.
I know what it's like to win things. You need a certain type of player with a determination to win. You see it in the eyes.
I am happy with everything I achieved in my football career. I don't think I could have done any more.
To play for your country is the best thing that can happen.
In L.A., nobody is talking about football. No television stations. You see it nowhere.
Every week you have to play well to be the champion.
You know, if you play on home soil sometimes funny things can happen and you have that push of the crowd.
