American,Athlete
I try not to read the negative comments, and when I do, I let it roll off my back. I remind myself that there will always be haters as long as you are in the public eye.
I believe everyone has a soul mate that they can spend the rest of their life together.
I'm going to focus on speed, doing little things like my turns and my starts - just speed.
After my swims this weekend I think coach realized, you know what, you have to have a good one getting out of this meet. So I put the suit on and had a decent swim.
It's so hard to express yourself, because swimmers are pretty much paying attention to a black line for hours out of a day.
I'm not jealous of anybody, because I'm going to live my life the way I want to live it. I'm not going to be like, 'Oh my God they have this, I want that.'
Something will pop up in my head. It could be like the weirdest thing. Like all'a sudden like I have like a jumping banana in my head.
My suit blew up into a parachute. All this water rushed in, there's air, water in there. I was freaking out.
The big picture is the Trials and Olympics. I just have to keep focused for that, keep moving forward.
I might wear my pink Speedo. I think I should.
I was a little troublemaker. Always trying to get in trouble, always mischief, like throwing rocks at cars when I was younger, all that kind of stuff.
In life, like, I'm always living life to the fullest to always have fun.
It's not like I'm looking for a blonde or a brunette, light-skinned or dark-skinned. I feel like I give any girl a fighting chance.
If I break my ankle right now, this Olympics wasn't meant to be.
Every year before a big competition, I get hurt doing stuff I should not be doing. One year it was my little brother's 12th birthday. We all played hide-and-seek late at night. I climbed up a 30-foot tree, thinking he'd never catch me. I tripped and fell on one of the branches and I hit my head.
I honestly really don't get aggravated at all. I just go with the flow. Whatever happens, happens.
I honestly think if I would've tied my suit and there wouldn't have been any water rushing through it, I think I could've gone at least a second faster.
If I could have one superpower, I'd be like Mel Gibson in 'What Women Want,' where he reads women's minds.
I think after the 2008 Olympics I wasn't really satisfied with the outcome, so I knew I had to change some things.
I'm big into fashion, so after swimming, when I hang up the Speedo, I definitely want to get into fashion and start designing my own clothing line.
My senior year of high school, when I was getting recruited for college, my dad goes to me, 'You can become an Olympic champion.' And that's the first time that I'd heard someone else say that to me. I was like, 'Uh, are you talking to me?'
Things are moving pretty quick, and of course, the whole focus is training and getting ready and being able to prepare to be on the world's stage and hopefully do the United States proud.
I have a lot of endurance and I have a good background right now in my training and it's time to get ready.
I hate to lose. I like winning.
It felt good to actually have a decent swim.
I am at the Olympics, I forgot to tie my suit, how is this gonna happen?
My philosophy is if you're a man at night, you gotta be a man in the morning.
My whole family swims! You can pretty much say chlorine runs in our veins.
Of course I have bad hair days; I'm human.
I think maybe I'm just a little too optimistic? I hope for the best in every situation and want to see the good in people.
If someone asked me to be in a movie, I'd be more than happy.
I was a better basketball player growing up in high school than I was a swimmer. Basketball to this day is my favorite sport.
I'm definitely laid back. I don't take things so seriously.
I've hung out with Jay-Z a couple of times, and he was awesome.
I'm at a point where I'm ready to settle down. Every girl I meet, though, something wrong happens, and I end up getting hurt.
Not to have a big head about it, but people love me.
The swimming community is really small, but why can't it be as big as the NBA or the NFL?
My dad was my swim coach growing up, and I tried to get kicked out of practice every day. I was a little devil kid.
I need someone who is able to hold her own - if a girl is really independent, that's a turn-on for me.
There's people out there that are like, 'Oh my God, I want to have your kid. I want to marry you.' People that I've never even met. That's sweet. It's funny.
I really want to get into designing my own business suit. I've designed a couple suits for myself that I've worn in the past, and I have a good idea of what I want and need to use.
The fact that people actually want my autograph is crazy.
Abe Lincoln is my favorite president of all time - and he pulls off that top hat pretty well.
I surround myself with people who really understand and love me. I think that's the best thing I can do.
Going out to look for a date, I don't have to do that. They come to me.
Alec Baldwin is so funny.
I want to be different, and fashion gives me that outlet to do that.
The whole Kardashian family, they have a bunch of energy.
I want to get to know a woman before I take them out on a date or anything like that.
When I was growing up, I was eating fast food every day. I'd drink soda non-stop, candy, just everything. It was horrible. My go-to was McDonald's, for sure.
I can't eat beans - all beans. I think because I'm half Cuban. So growing up, we were always eating black beans and rice, and I think I just said, 'Enough with it,' and I can't even stand to taste it anymore.
When I was a kid, I looked up to an Olympian superstar. I won't mention his name but when I asked for his autograph he said, 'no.'
