American,Athlete
I was taught you never, ever disrespect your opponent or your teammates or your organization or your manager and never, ever your uniform.
I've always had that attitude that things happen for a reason.
The reason I am here, they tell me, is that I played the game a certain way, that I played the game the way it was supposed to be played.
The fourth major league game I ever saw in person, I was in uniform.
In baseball, there's always the next day.
Am I impressed by myself? Nah, not really.
All it takes to play baseball is a strong arm, good speed, and the coordination to hit the ball. That's it.
When did it - When did it become okay for someone to hit home runs and forget how to play the rest of the game?
Any time you're in the coaching business or managing in the minor leagues, when you see a player who has made it to the major leagues, you get a thrill out of that.
I came up under the wing of Larry Bowa, and one thing I did not do was ever take a day off from taking pregame groundballs or batting practice. Then the games were just having fun.
If you played the game the right way, played the game for the team, good things would happen.
It's hard for me to answer questions I haven't thought about.
I love to play baseball. I'm a baseball player. I've always been a baseball player. I'm still a baseball player. That's who I am.
I had too much respect for the game to leave it behind or to make it my second or third sport in college.
My mom was at every single game I played as a kid, rain or shine.
I was in awe every time I walked on to the field.
Hit a home run - put your head down, drop the bat, run around the bases, because the name on the front is more - a lot more important than the name on the back.
A lot of people say this honor validates my career, but I didn't work hard for validation.
I didn't play the game right because I saw a reward at the end of the tunnel.
I played it right because that's what you're supposed to do - play it right and with respect.
If this validates anything, it's that learning how to bunt and hit and run and turning two is more important than knowing where to find the little red light at the dug out camera.
There was Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace, and together we were a double play combination for ten years.
No player in baseball history worked harder, suffered more, or did it better than Andre Dawson. He's the best I've ever seen.
I was in the postseason twice and I'm thankful for that.
It didn't happen, but I feel fortunate for the two chances we had and it's just a shame we didn't go to a World Series for Cub fans.
Baseball wasn't easy for me.
'The Sandberg Game' comes up all the time. Fans tell me where they were. They were driving down the highway, they were in the bleachers, they were downtown listening on the radio, they were on the farm on a tractor. I've heard all the stories where people have been. They're just amazed by the ending of the game and the thrill of it.
Steve Bartman was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I was a hard worker.
I am not the type of person who can leave my game at the ballpark and feel comfortable that my future is set regardless of my performance.
My style is I work hard at it. I feel like I'm prepared every day.
I do my homework. I come to the ballpark, and I relay any message that I need to relay to the players. I get that off my chest.
I talk to the players, either individually or as a group, what I'm feeling, and I think the players appreciate that. And I think they respond to that.
I let the players use their abilities and what they're capable of doing. If they're capable of stealing bases, I'm going to give them the green light. I'm going to teach them to pick their spots and to get a base when they can get a base.
I've been in baseball my whole life, so I understand there's a lot in baseball that is out of your control, and you have to focus on the things you can control.
I'm optimistic about the future.
There's nothing I would do differently, no wishing I had done this or done that.
Even if we're in fifth place in September, I get butterflies before a game. I'm nervous.
I'd rather play a double-header than speak at a banquet, and if I went to Wrigley Field knowing I had to be somewhere two hours after the game, it would bother me all day.
I know I'm appreciated by how fans treat me, and the best way to treat them is play every day, hard. I sign autographs, but if I'm with someone I don't know who doesn't start the conversation, there won't be a conversation. That's just me, living my life. But I'll loosen up after baseball.
I thought I was a pretty good shortstop, but I also wanted to play in the major leagues.
I just appreciated so much the contract they gave me, and I wanted to give something back to the Cubs' organization.
You don't get hits if you're depressed.
Typically, a position change is more for instructional league and winter time. It's just a more relaxed situation. A player can make some mistakes and learn from them. That's the proper way to go about a position change, for me.
When I was a minor league player, my goal was to be a major leaguer. It's no different as a minor league manager.
Your first responsibility is to the organization, to teach and prepare players to get to the big leagues and have them ready when they get there, but everyone in the minors wants to be in the majors.
The Phillies liked the work I had done with the Cubs, and really wanted me there. They were on the phone as soon as my contract was up in Chicago, and it was just a great feeling to be wanted, to be appreciated for the work you do.
I have to do what I have to do, and you have to go where the opportunities are.
I defend my players and coaches.
When I'm arguing, I'm competing. I'm trying to win a game. And if that's what's called for, it's just a reaction.
For me, the game starts with starting pitching.
Football, I thought, would be a tough sport to make a living in. There is no minor league. You either make it to the NFL or you don't.
I'm not thinking about records. Just winning the pennant would be exciting.
You never forget the feeling of not getting to the World Series. Yes, it sticks with you.
Time and time again, I see former teammates, and we talk about it. It feels like we are all on the same page: We enjoyed the regular season, but we were disappointed in not making the World Series.
I've spent 34 years associated with the Cubs, and part of the reason I've stayed in baseball is because I want to be part of a World Series winner.
I'm not a sportswriter. I don't get to vote. I don't get the ballot in the mail, so it's out of my hands either way. I can say that in the history of the Hall of Fame, there are no suspicions about guys who are in the Hall of Fame.
It's an elite group. And once you're in the Hall, you're in the Hall. Up until now, I think the voting system has handled things very well. And like I said before, there are no suspicions in the Hall of Fame.
It was everyone going up there to swing for the fences, because the home runs were what would get them on 'SportsCenter.' That really changed the mindset of the players.
Tainted numbers, I believe, do not belong in the Hall of Fame.
Baseball is all about relationships, and in some ways, what know you and who knows you.
If a hitter gets hot, I wouldn't take a hot hitter out of the lineup.
In other ways, one way to be in a lineup or stay in a lineup or stay in a spot is to produce.
You want to see energy, and you want to see guys on the same page. You want guys to work together and have that energy come out onto the field. That's a good place to start.
