Indian,Athlete
I hate losing and cricket being my first love, once I enter the ground it's a different zone altogether and that hunger for winning is always there.
Any active sportsman has to be very focused; you've got to be in the right frame of mind. If your energy is diverted in various directions, you do not achieve the results. I need to know when to switch on and switch off: and the rest of the things happen around that. Cricket is in the foreground, the rest is in the background.
There are over 200 million illiterate women in India. This low literacy negatively impacts not just their lives but also their families' and the country's economic development. A girl's lack of education also has a negative impact on the health and well-being of her children.
I have never tried to compare myself to anyone else.
Before you lay a foundation on the cricket field, there should be a solid foundation in your heart and you start building on that. After that as you start playing more and more matches, you learn how to score runs and how to take wickets.
I want to give my six hours of serious cricket on the ground and then take whatever the result.
I am a sportsman and not a politician. I am a sportsman and will always remain one. I am not going to enter politics giving up cricket, which is my life. I will continue to play cricket.
Every individual has his own style, his own way of presenting himself on and off the field.
I believe every era has its significance and the same holds true for players and coaches.
My point of view is that when I am playing cricket I cannot think that this game is less or more important.
I just want to continue the way I am going.
Critics haven't taught me my cricket, and they don't know what my body and mind are up to.
I just keep it simple. Watch the ball and play it on merit.
I am not thinking too far ahead, just want to take it one thing at a time.
If efforts to do social work are couched in selfish motives, then they will die a premature death. Why would my efforts get politicised? I have values I inherited from my father. He helped many. Anyone, even a postman knocking on our door would get a glass of water and some sweets.
But eventually it is a game of cricket.
At least with me, the match starts much, much earlier than the actual match.
Isn't cricket supposed to be a team sport? I feel people should decide first whether cricket is a team game or an individual sport.
Lara's done very well recently and I never had any doubts about the abilities of Lara or Waugh.
Schools across India do not have teachers, libraries, playing grounds and even toilets. I do not want to see empty classrooms, empty libraries. I do not want to see cattle grazing on fields meant to be cricket or football grounds.
If one man is representing India in cricket, then yes, blame that person when things go wrong.
When I was 15, I started playing first class cricket and always dreamt of being a Test cricketer, wanted to do something for the country, married in 1995, have 2 kids it's been great.
It doesn't always happen according to the way you have planned things out but I feel if you have covered most of the aspects, it does help out there in the middle.
I feel it's the conscious mind that messes things up. The conscious mind is constantly telling you, this might happen or that might happen, even before it has happened. Your conscious mind tells you the next ball might be a out-swinger, but when it's coming at you you realize it's an in-swinger... so literally, you've played two balls.
And that is the reason why this victory is great, because different players have made contributions to the win.
Before coming here I had a minor back problem and I thought whenever I play Pakistan I get a back problem.
