American,Athlete
There's always room for improvement, but the judges are looking for big airs and stylish tricks.
There are plenty of skills I've learned from playing video games. It's more interactive than watching TV, because there are problems to solve as you're using your brain.
Skateboarding is training, but I don't think of it as training. It's fun.
I can't stay away from Chinese food. I really love that stuff.
Skateboarding helps a ton with balance, precision, with air awareness... it gets your senses to be spot-on and it's also a great way to take my mind off things.
I trip walking down the stairs, but I can skate them probably.
You take a crash, you get back up and next time you succeed and that's a great feeling.
The hardest thing about skateboarding is consistency: The slightest flick of your foot or gust of wind can send your board flying, so it's really anybody's game out there.
I was a monster, a problem child.
Meeting actors and TV personalities is one thing, but I just feel like meeting musicians is the coolest.
You have to be prepared to take a spill.
I'm not too big on moisturisers and fancy skin products. I keep my grooming regime nice and simple.
I totally forget about snowboarding in the summertime.
I'm just going to keep dialing it in and keep practicing.
Cement doesn't give as much as snow.
There's not really anywhere I can go without being recognized, but if I put my hair up, that cuts the crowd in half.
I'm just having fun.
Every time I've had a bad performance at an event, I've come back more determined and focused.
I'm proud of the U.S.A. We've done some amazing things. To wear our flag in the Olympics is an honor.
Generally, I'm a pretty mellow guy.
My dad got me a huge board when I was little. He loves to surf. He suited me up and sent me out on this huge wave. I went under, and when I came out and the board hit me in the face. So I said, I never wanted to do this again. I stayed away until I was 13.
I can kind of picture what I want to do and my body just does it. You feel your way through a trick. I close my eyes sometimes.
I'm really disappointed at every event if I don't do less than what I wanted to do.
I remember thinking that I'd way rather give my parents my money, and not have to like have them go to work anymore, you know what I mean. Because I'd way rather spend more time with them.
I don't know, I think, in times where I'm really nervous, and I'm really under the pressure the worst possible outcome is for me to start thinking about it. I just do.
My friends ask me why I still live with my family, but I feel comfortable there. We've all been through so much together.
When you think about it, we're strapping strange planks of wood to our feet and launching off of giant snow walls. It's pretty intense.
If you think I've got a lot of sponsors, you should see the stuff I turn down.
My mom was a waitress, and my dad was a plumber who worked for the City of San Clemente fixing mains breaks, so not too glamorous.
Whenever I do a deal I always have the right of approval.
I've got to stand up for the sport.
When I'm on planes, I'd talk to people and I'd tell them I compete in the X Games. Some would know what it was, but maybe half didn't. But everyone knows about the Olympics. They're really like the X Games for the world!
When I came back to skating, everyone was like 'Oh you're the snowboard guy.'
I think fans can tell if you just slap a skateboarder on a game - you can't fool kids.
I didn't want to make a game unless I felt in the position to make something new and different.
I can't really describe a trick as much as I just feel it.
I don't think the sport is any more dangerous than it's ever been.
I am pretty bow-legged. It's annoying.
I was knocked out by a skateboarder when I was 11.
I don't know where my first gold medal is.
Boards and myself get along somehow.
I've always been under the impression that it would be such a bummer to be in a peaceful place like Hawaii or the tropics and be stressed about catching waves.
I always tell people that our sports aren't that dangerous.
I've just had this fight since I can't even remember.
If you do a trick and it doesn't work out, that can stick with you. I like to go back, nail the trick, and, 'OK, I'm cool, it's all good.'
I like being able to have things that identify you in a brand without blatantly showing a logo.
Ask anyone who knows me - I am constantly moving things around in my place.
I like that you can easily flip the sheets over and have a different feel or vibe in your room. You don't have to go get a whole brand-new set of sheets.
I couldn't do my homework if my room wasn't clean. And it has carried on now that I am older, in a very freakish way.
I know my family and I would always go up to the mountains just for fun. We always skied. Then, all of a sudden, my brother started snow boarding. Older brother thing, I had to do what he was doing. So I started snow boarding.
I was sponsored when I was about seven by Burton Snowboards.
When I went pro at 13, I had plenty of sponsors that give me endorsement deals and stuff like that.
Honestly, I feel really grateful for everything.
My dad, he's the rocker.
You can only jump so far until you break your leg. You can only land so hard until something explodes.
If you're going off a 90-foot jump, you can't say: 'Oh, I don't want to do this now.' You're going no matter what.
Trick names are so ridiculous!
Games have always a big part of my life. I was that kid freaking out over his new Nintendo.
I personally think skateboarding is harder because it has so many moving parts. With snowboarding, your feet are strapped to your board.
I am a pretty recognizable, like, I walk through the airport or something, you are going to spot me right away.
We all started snowboarding in the beginning as a family just to be closer together, go on trips. It was our soccer, but instead of Dad yelling at me from the sideline he is there riding with me and hitting the jumps even before I am hitting them.
What drives me now is the fact that I feel like I still have so many tricks that I want to learn and so many things that I can still do. And so many cool things outside of sports that I have been doing.
I mean, I get letters in the mail because I had a heart defect when I was one, I had surgeries and stuff. And so you get these letters in the mail that just, they are crazy, they are just like, yes, well our son is dealing with the same thing and we saw you on TV and I mean it is such a cool thing to inspire and kind of give hope.
It's hard to just kinda get some privacy and do your own thing.
I'd like to date, but I'm not really in a position to meet girls.
I get e-mails from mothers asking me to call their daughters for a date. I have a great life.
You know the best thing about competition? There's this whole strategy game, and when it all works out its like solving that hard math equation. You finally get the answer and you're so happy.
I want to perform well.
Having all eyes on me at all times is hard to deal with, but it's great. It feels like you've already accomplished something. It's already predetermined that you're going to do well.
I love the sport of snowboarding so much, but I just don't want to talk about it, ever.
I like to stay in the moment.
When I was 12 years old, I was hanging out with 23-year-olds. I was into cartoons and Pokemon, and they're all talking about girls. It was a strange way to grow up.
