American,Athlete
I'm trying to stay as calm as possible and focus one day at a time, but when reality sets in, I feel everything: anxiety, excitement, nerves, pressure and joy.
Gymnastics taught me everything - life lessons, responsibility and discipline and respect.
Stay strong. Stand up. Have a voice.
Staying healthy and consistent is paramount.
Everything is about your movements and precision and timing, which is what gymnastics is about.
My knee is almost back to normal. I am back in training.
To have any doubt in your body is the biggest weakness an athlete can have. There are times when I physically can't get myself to go for a skill because I'm thinking, 'My knee hurts really bad.'
I live for Pilates reformer class. I go at least three times a week. It's a great way to lengthen your muscles, stretch, and kind of relax your mind.
I love lean meats like chicken, turkey. I'm obsessed with sushi and fish in general. I eat a lot of veggies and hummus.
I started from zero and went back to the basics in gymnastics.
I'm doing four hours of gymnastics training a day, six days a week and then an extra two to three hours in a fitness center as well.
I don't feel like a star; I never have. I don't feel like a star; I never have. I always feel like I'm the young one, I'm the small one. I always have someone to look up to, and I think it helps me with motivating myself.
My other life keeps me calm and grounded and normal.
I still can't believe I'm an Olympic athlete.
To finish off this whole Olympics by finally getting the gold medal, it's the best feeling in the world.
It's about putting in the hours and going through the paces.
I don't know where I'm really going to cha cha, but hopefully I can find a place.
People only see gymnastics on TV and in the Olympics at such an extreme. So it can be intimidating.
A comeback in gymnastics is almost impossible in itself.
I always have someone to look up to, and I think it helps me with motivating myself.
Injury taught me I need to learn how to face challenges.
It might have been easier to retire, to say my knee couldn't handle it and let that be that. At the same time, the prospect of not being able to compete in gymnastics anymore was heartbreaking.
After 13 years of hard landings in gymnastics, one ski run had delivered the biggest injury of my career.
I have a lot of expectations and a lot of goals I want to fulfill, but the biggest dream is still to make the Olympic team for London.
With literature, sometimes a book is presented in the media as being say, a Muslim story or an African story, when essentially it's a universal story which we can all relate to it, no matter what race or social background we come from.
I had surgery to repair the ACL in February 2010 and was back in the gym by June, but rushed things too quickly and ended up re-tearing my MCL in September.
When I was 3 my parents put me in gymnastics because I was a bundle of energy and they just didn't know what to do with me! They put me in a Tots class and I just fell in love with it.
Every year I just kept going back to gymnastics, but I didn't start out training 10 hours a day. When I turned 10 or 11, I got more serious and I focused a lot on making it to the elite level, and from there I just kept going.
I get less and less sleep these days, so when I have any down time all I want to do is sleep!
I think about my goals. There were a lot of times in gymnastics when I really didn't want to go in and train, but you can't make it to the Olympics if you don't train!
I have a healthy lifestyle, but there's nothing you can really do to prevent from rolling an ankle or something like that.
I have a chaperone everywhere I go - my mom.
Gymnastics is so complex.
Something my mom taught me when I was little is that everything happens for a reason.
Retiring was scary and it was tough to give up gymnastics, but so many great opportunities have come from it that I never expected.
I fell in love with running, and I finally have time to do it now.
It's been strange and weird watching the other girls at the U.S. Olympic trials just because I was training to be out there myself.
I want to go to college, obviously go to London and just kind of figure out the rest of my life.
