Jamaican,Athlete
Sometimes things are a blessing in disguise.
As aspiring athletes, you should never give up on your dreams. Just believe in yourself, and everything will be possible.
I like colours. I like to be bright and bold.
I always have a new haircut.
I am looking forward to my next race. What comes, comes.
My message always is: No matter where you are from, no matter what past you have, it is all about your future and your goals.
The road to success has to have obstacles because, at the end of the day, when success comes, it will be that much better.
My mum wouldn't let me go outside. Coming back from school, the gang men sometimes would say things, but I would walk by, never answer, and my mum would go tell them leave me alone.
Because I knew how hard I worked, I knew the pain, I knew the sacrifice, I knew the tears, I knew everything. Despite everything, I stuck to it. I toughed it out, and I kept my head in the game, even when the odds were against me.
It means a lot to defend my title.
I'm trying not to overwork the muscles because I'm thinking about accomplishing this great feat.
I just line up, and I compete.
I remember running at school sports day, and I would win everything, but I wasn't a super athlete or a superstar at high school.
I was just a normal athlete. My mother tried to spark something in me. She was an athlete in high school before she got pregnant with my older brother. She was 16, and that was it for her when it came to track and her education.
My ambition is to sit behind a desk and work.
We need our children in Jamaica - especially those suffering with dyslexia, autism, cerebral palsy - to get more attention.
I definitely believe our coaches are now leading more and learning more. They are hungry in terms of getting the athletes to improve. I believe it's now more mental than anything else, and I'd like to assist in that area.
A master's is a lot more work than my first degree, but I'm an athlete who knows what she wants. I made up my mind, and I'm determined that this is what I'm going to do.
When they announce who I am and what I've achieved, I still pinch myself to make sure I'm not dreaming.
I never - in my dreams, doing track in high school, I didn't imagine it would turn out like this.
I just trust in God, work hard, and focus on executing.
I'm getting tired of 10.7s. I just want to put a good race together, and hopefully in the next race, I get the time I'm working for. I definitely think a 10.6 is there. Hopefully I will get it together.
No matter what comes, I will always work hard and do my best.
I'm a professional athlete - one who's supposed to set examples - so whatever it is I put in my body, it's up to me to take responsibility for it, and I have done that.
I live my life very clean and transparent - so I have nothing to hide.
If anyone wants to ask a question or to suggest something, I'm always open.
I didn't execute to a tee. But my coach always told me if I went out there and did my own thing, it's OK as long as I win.
When you have good runners, you always run fast. That's the motivation for me. But I have room to improve in my technique and in the start.
Women's sprinting is something the sport should appreciate more.
I'm glad women's sprinting is taking the course it is.
Getting three gold medals is something I'll really cherish.
It takes a lot of hard work to stay committed and focus on what I wanted to achieve.
I'm ready to run; it's my job.
I don't pay any attention to records. I don't want pressure. I just want to get to that line.
Hard work is something that comes without saying for us to achieve the things we want.
I'm getting to be an expert in finding hairdressers in foreign cities.
I guess I've been to the hairdressers in more than 10 different countries.
I love chocolate!
The 200 m. is not my best event, and it's something I am learning.
I just want to execute a good 200 m. and see what is the best I can do.
I am surrounded by great people.
I want to tell Jamaica, Happy 50th Anniversary.
I like it when I'm chirpy and happy, so I decided to do my hair green. I got my sunflowers too - I was like a living, walking garden.
I didn't know I was the first woman to have won three world titles, but hey, that's awesome!
When I came here in 2008, nobody knew who I was. I didn't know who I was. I was just enjoying the moment and I won. So, now, coming back being the person I am with all the accomplishments, it kind of puts things in perspective.
There is always the excitement of running races.
Thinking about what Jamaicans want is a bit pressuring. So I try not to think about what Jamaicans want until I get the job done.
I want to do new things, and I want to do more 200s than 100s.
My second 30 is actually very good, where my turnovers are very quick. I just want to put a complete race together, once I get out of my drive phase, I want to hit my next 30 very hard.
I was just really excited to win the 100m, 200m, and 4x100m in Moscow and then, to top that off, to win the Diamond Race in the 100m and 200m.
For me, I've not really focused on a world record. I'm just trying to put a complete race together, and when I do that, then fast times will come.
When I came here at UTech, everybody was saying I was too short, and I shouldn't think about running fast; it's going to take me a while to run fast.
I had a really bad running posture: like, I ran, literally, dropping on my face.
It's never the plan to be tentative.
The plan is to always start properly and execute a good race.
My confidence is not in man, it's in God, and so I look forward to the semi-finals with that in mind, absent of fear.
It all comes down to who wants it most.
Some things as an athlete are very important for us. Representing our country for us is important.
If you represent our country, it should represent us. It's supposed to be a two-way thing, but we live and we learn, and it's getting better.
Education is paramount in light of so many things that are out there.
We are making strides in educating our athletes.
I don't dwell on things. When I won the World Championships in Moscow, I came back - that was it.
For me, I try not to think about it too much, because you find that if you think about it too much, then you start to panic at every little thing that goes on in training.
For training, you know what works and what doesn't work. And you know where you fall short and you need to pick up, so I'm not worried about the age factor.
The only thing I advocate for is for equality for female athletes because we train just as hard, and we're always having a lot of head-to-head clashes, always competing against each other.
I have been tested a lot by Jadco and different parties wherever I go, so there is nothing to hide.
I've said many times that I'm not one of those people who check statistics, follows history, and says, 'If I do this, what will happen.'
I think I get going because I try not to put added pressure on myself because a lot of times, you can be very good at what you do, but when you get ready, you have to be prepared to get it going.
A lot of people do run well at 60m but can't transfer it to the 100m because there's still 40m to go, and anything can happen in that last section.
