New Zealander,Athlete
If you go about trying to please everyone, there's going to be endless struggles.
I've had an amazing ride. I've been blessed beyond things that I could never have imagined.
We're so lucky where we live, but we're so out of touch. Everyone's mindset is made to feel that refugees are a problem, but it's more than that. They're human beings, too. They were forced from their homes.
When I first went to rugby, I wanted it all; I just wanted it all, and you know, I thought it was just going to happen just like that, but I've come to learn that good things take time.
Sometimes they are big hurdles, but good players can overcome them. I am trying to do my best.
Being a young Kiwi lad, a young Polynesian boy, I was pretty close to my family. But when I moved to Sydney, I went from training twice a week, playing touch footy with my mates, to working full-time as a labourer and training professionally.
You always feel for your fellow players when they are going through tough times, losing and things like that.
After that first month in Sydney, I went home for two weeks. I didn't want to ever go back because it was so hard.
If we're going to be getting treated like that, why can't we treat the clubs like that? I just want to see the game and the players looked after the way they should be because the crowds don't turn up to watch David Gallop play... they turn up to watch the players play.
I've got to do everything extra to put myself in the best shape to get in the World Cup squad.
It's not an easy gig, being in the NRL sometimes: you always feel for the boys because you have that mutual respect knowing what they go through.
I think I'm evolving, I'm always in search of bettering myself, how I can improve as a sportsman and as a person.
I guess you could say I have grown up, matured. I have seen a lot, and I guess that probably sums it up.
I've become a true Muslim. It's giving me happiness. It's made me become content as a man and helped me to grow. I've just got faith in it, and it has definitely helped me become the man I am today.
My old man never used to cook, so we lived on takeaway. The others were always jealous.
You can't have eyes on the wall, or the angels won't come in. That's what we believe.
One thing I've learned over my career is that simplicity is the key: on the field, off as well.
Just like in rugby, the pinnacle was playing for the All Blacks. That was always a massive thing. But you never speak it outwardly because it can sound stupid. But if you don't have massive dreams, you might as well stay in bed.
I wouldn't say I am a businessman.
I don't need a pool room with medals and everything hanging up.
I grew up in a commissioned house in the next suburb over, Mount Abbot. It was a two-bedroom house with me, my brother, and my two sisters. Mum and Dad slept in the lounge, and we didn't have wallpaper.
It's been a long while, but, thank God, now I've been able to get my mum a house.
OK, I floss, I brush my teeth, and I use mouth wash. Does that mean that I love it? That means that I, you know, like to look after my teeth!
A young fella snuck out on to the field somehow, but when he was coming up to give me a hug, he got smoked by the guard. He was lucky the guy didn't break his ribs.
I just don't want to fail, to be honest.
I don't want to let my family down; I don't want to let myself down. That's probably the biggest thing I fear.
Seeing my daughter for the first time after I came back from the tour was just a life-changing experience... it still blows my mind.
Beforehand you think, 'Oh, changing nappies - I'm going to be up; I need to get sleep for training.' But when it happens, when you're there, as soon as you hear a wiggle or a cough or something, you're up straight away. It doesn't bother you.
That's the beautiful thing about being a father for the first time; it has really made me get my concentration levels in check.
Now I am just focusing on my daughter, my wife, religion, and training.
For myself, it's trying to do my best in whatever I am doing. At this time, it is boxing; then when I get home, I want to be the best father, the best husband, the best man I can be.
I'm a lot more comfortable in the ring. I'm comfortable catching punches, and defensively, I feel like I've improved a lot. I am banking on my athleticism. I've worked hard on my footwork.
My mindset at this stage, especially after having a daughter... it's just changed my whole outlook.
I'm not going to sit here and be stupid. If someone comes and offers me double what I'm on, of course I'm going to sit down and seriously look at it.
I've definitely got to look after myself first and foremost.
One of my major goals off the field is to conduct myself in a way that... parents are proud to say, 'Oh yeah, look, he wants to be like Sonny Bill Williams.'
To win competitions you need a bit of luck and some talent. I think we have some talent on our bus.
Going back in time, the best sportsmen ever have been Olympians.
As a rugby player, you strive to be an All Black, win a World Cup, and win a Super Rugby title.
As a league player, for myself, you strive to win a comp. I'm lucky enough to have achieved that... but most sportspeople would love to go to the Olympics, and I haven't achieved that.
I don't know if I'm going to be any good at sevens.
In rugby union, I was out wide kicking stones with the pretty boys.
If I could go back and change how I left the NRL, I would. My name will forever be tarnished but I wasn't the man I am now.
I've got confidence that I'll be able to pick it up eventually, but that's the reason I'm a full-time Sevens player this year: because I knew coming into it that it would be really tough, and I've got to give it my all.
It was a fairly normal happy upbringing. Not a lot of money, but a lot of love.
I grew up as a Polynesian kid in the Polynesian community, and I was this skinny white kid.
I didn't feel that I really fit in anywhere. So when I was young I always had to prove myself through my sporting ability.
I am my own man now; I can think for myself, whereas when I was 20, 21, I always wanted to please others.
I do speak my mind a lot more than when I was younger. I guess that's just my Polynesian background. That's how we are: just sit back and try and fit in, try and make everyone else happy.
Now, I know a lot of things in the big man's world are not what they seem: a lot of people are out for themselves, and you can't always trust what someone says.
What's the worst that can happen? I get knocked out. At least I tried.
It doesn't matter what you look like. Experience is the key.
I don't have the runs on the board to trash talk anyone in the boxing sense. I've got to do it the hard way and earn that respect.
There was no way I was going to end up in the scrum when I came to rugby - you know, waste my pretty looks.
I want to push myself.
I had to work on the fundamentals of the game because in league, the position I played, it was just bash and crash.
It's pretty tough to play some good footy when your team is always losing.
The NRL is not an easy gig, but they have some good talent, some good youngsters coming through.
I just used to bank on my athleticism.
Boxing's not in my blood... it just grew on me.
I would say I have become a lot smarter in the way I understand things.
I have learned from my mistakes... the business we are in is cutthroat. I have seen too many older blokes give their all for clubs, then be told they are not wanted. Even blokes still on contract are told to look elsewhere.
You always have your knockers. There's always something wrong. But I'm happy. I think that I'm improving as a fighter; that's all I can ask for.
I'll be seeking professional help with regards to alcohol and, until myself and the club feel this is under control, I'll be off the drink.
