American,Athlete
Each day, I come in with a positive attitude, trying to get better.
I believe in my ability and my mental toughness.
I consider myself a leader. I am not a follower.
It's not like I can't play football with some injuries.
My time off is usually spent working out and getting better at football. When I come home and spend time with my little brother, we're out on the football field. We're working out or playing Madden. We're spending time with each other, but our quality time is football.
I know I'm not the biggest guy or the fastest guy, but you've got to bring something to the table that someone else is not. I love football too much.
I kind of really study different angles of the film. You see how people's bodies are, how they react to certain kind of moves - what foot they step with, what hand they jab with, and all that. Just little things like that, that you pick up when you watch film. Studying is big for me.
I can compete with anybody. I'm a true competitor. I'm a winner.
I understood it's a business as far as when you're drafting someone, and you want a guy you can trust. But there were no questions on my ability or character.
Everybody's got haters, but your city's always behind you. It's only right to give back.
To me, it really doesn't matter where they line me up.
Being away from the game you love so much, it will mess with your mind.
My little brothers can ask me any question in the world, and if I've got the answer, I'm going to give it to them.
Not having a father is big. You need guidance. I know, personally, when my father died, I needed guidance; I needed somebody to show me how to be a man, how to grow up, basically how to do the right thing.
When you're playing football, and your enemies are there, you don't have a lot of time to think to yourself. You've got stuff to handle. You've got places to be, meetings to go to, bigger fish to fry. You really don't attack the emotional side of your life.
It's an emotional time for you when you get injured. You're going through so much. You have a lot of time to think to yourself.
They say when you break your leg, you get a little taller and a little faster, and I got both, I think.
The time you do get edgy and the time you do want to slack off is the time, boom, there goes your opportunity. So you don't want to have that.
You don't want to have any negativity in your life. Continue to push. Continue to be patient. And when your time comes, then you've got to do everything you can, that's all.
Quarterbacks like guys who try to do everything they can for them and put it on the line for them. So that's what I try to do.
You want to have that trust with your QB; you want to build that camaraderie throughout your team and just have that relationship with them, so when you're out there, he doesn't have anything to worry about. He tells you to run this route, you run it to the best of your ability and be there for him.
There are going to be games where you don't have the greatest conditions, so to show that you can do it in bad conditions is a plus.
I wanted to stay home and go to Maryland because I'm really the man of my house. We lost our father when I was 14. Somebody had to be there, so I had to take it and put that on my shoulders.
I just want to get better all around and contribute more.
That's what great players do: continue to prove themselves.
Just scratching the surface. It's just the beginning. I'm still young. I've got a lot of time to grow.
Being away from the game took a toll on my heart.
When you have the ball in your hand, you're the most important guy in the whole organization.
I work hard and do things the way they're supposed to be done just so I can have success out here. I always want more.
Whether I'm playing right now or not, I still have an opportunity to get better in practice. It's like sharpening my blade.
That's what you want... you work hard, you want your guys to, you know, work the same way you work, and it all helps the team.
After my first year, I knew exactly what I wanted to do, what I wanted to get better at, and how I was going to do it.
Coming into my second year, my main thing is to show growth - show that I can be consistent and play at a high level all the time.
My father started me in football. So what better way is there to honor him than to wear his last name on my back and make him proud?
I'm a football fanatic. I love the game of football. I love learning new things, and I love being taught things. So I try to learn as much as I can, and even at a young age, I was really focused on how to be better and trying to learn all the techniques.
Press coverage is nothing different. I mean, you win off the line, you win. It's that simple.
I know I can pick up a playbook.
I picked up yoga. I tried to do cooking a little bit. I almost burned my house down, but it's all good. So I just stuck to yoga.
Not saying I was a bad kid, but I had a lot to learn. You've just got to not be impulsive.
I have to go at a good pace because how you practice, that's how you play.
I work really hard. Walk-throughs, I take everything seriously.
I take my craft seriously.
