American,Athlete
I think leadership is more than just being able to cross the t's and dot the i's. It's about character and integrity and work ethic.
I needed somebody to love me, and the people that I chose were my coaches. I would sacrifice my body to be successful for my coaches because I wanted them to love me, to respect me, to have positive feelings about me.
The things that have taken place over my career have been unbelievable. I have a lot of great moments to cherish.
When a child grows up without a father, there is an empty place where someone must stand, providing an example of character and confidence.
They say politics is a contact sport, and I have to agree with that.
No culture that has ever embraced homosexuality has survived.
People say, 'I'm for job training. We can train people to increase the likelihood that they can be self-sufficient.' Okay, that's great, you're for job training - I like job training - but do you think the federal government should have 163 different job-training programs?
When you start thinking about taking pictures, sending an e-mail, receiving an e-mail, speaking into your phone and have it transcript voice into text and then sent as an e-mail, it's mind-boggling.
Where is the harm in the wireless industry?
We're not necessarily the ski boat, we're the skier. There are countries like Japan and Korea and others who are the ski boat at this point, but we're getting pulled right behind them.
We're not in the business of shaping consumer demand. We respond to it.
This is going to become a battle for access to your home and office plus mobility. It's about who can provide the biggest and least expensive and fastest pipe to your home and office and offer you a mobility feature.
There's nothing like playing. You can coach and you can be around the game, but there is nothing like playing. It's just so much fun.
Sometimes Congress likes to milk an issue.
People are very protective of their cell phones, how it's used, where it's used and how much it costs. It has become a very personal issue for a whole lot of people in this country.
People are very interested in having access to wireless data while they are on a plane.
Life is very good. I'm the president and Chief Executive Officer of the Wireless trade association, the CTIA.
It's still fun to come to games, and it's still fun to be in the Seattle crowd.
It's hard, or you wouldn't like it. A lot of coaches really don't like what they're doing.
It would have been a lot of fun as a receiver to play.
A child can escape the shadows.
If studies come out and show that playing football is detrimental to your health for the long term, even for the short term, I think that's up to the players then to make the decision about whether they're going to play or not play.
The more studies that come out that talk about concussions and so forth, it makes me wonder. I wonder, more importantly than the stroke, the impact that concussions have had on my life, particularly as I get older.
I always thought of myself is a private-sector person. I was a reluctant candidate. I put in my time. Now it's somebody else's turn to take charge. But I am still very interested in politics.
I never dreamed I'd be in Congress, or even in the NFL, for that matter. Well, I guess I dreamed about being in the NFL, but I didn't believe it would happen. I'm not the biggest guy. But I guess that's the story of my life.
When you are playing, it is so hard to think about what life will be like after football. I understand. When you are playing, and you are young, you think you can play your whole life. You think it will never change. But it will change. You can't play forever. No one can.
