American,Athlete
To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift.
A lot of people run a race to see who is fastest. I run to see who has the most guts, who can punish himself into exhausting pace, and then at the end, punish himself even more.
I'm going to work so that it's a pure guts race at the end, and if it is, I am the only one who can win it.
Some people create with words or with music or with a brush and paints. I like to make something beautiful when I run. I like to make people stop and say, 'I've never seen anyone run like that before.' It's more than just a race, it's a style. It's doing something better than anyone else. It's being creative.
If you can make money with your talents, why not?
When people go to a track meet, they're looking for something, a world record, something that hasn't been done before. You get all this magnetic energy, people focusing on one thing at the same time. I really get excited about it. It makes me want to compete even more. It makes it all worthwhile, all the hours of hard work.
I have a positive mental attitude, and I think I'm divine, but I also think it takes a heck of a lot of blood, sweat and tears.
It's not who's the best - it's who can take the most pain.
Over the years, I've given myself a thousand reasons to keep running, but it always comes back to where it started. It comes down to self-satisfaction and a sense of achievement.
Somebody may beat me, but they are going to have to bleed to do it.
My philosophy is that I'm an artist. I perform an art not with a paint brush or a camera. I perform with bodily movement. Instead of exhibiting my art in a museum or a book or on canvas, I exhibit my art in front of the multitudes.
People say I should be running for a gold medal for the old red, white and blue and all that bull, but it's not gonna be that way.
Something inside of me just said 'Hey, wait a minute, I want to beat him,' and I just took off.
A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways they're capable of understanding.
No one will ever win a 5,000-meter by running an easy two miles. Not against me.
Nobody likes tainted victories.
Every once in a while I think, 'What am I doing out here running, busting myself up? Life could be so much easier. The other guys are out having fun, doing other things, why not me?'
You probably choose x-country because you were too small to play football.
For me, running against the Poles and Czechs would be like running against high school kids. And I hate all this gung-ho, run-for-the-red-white-and-blue attitude that the AAU spouts. If that's important to some people, fine, more power to 'em. But, damn it, I wish they'd leave me alone to do what I want to do - run against the best.
Did you ever run behind a slow pack? You get a trailing wind and a lot of body odor.
What I like most about track is the feeling I get inside after a good run.
I knew I had to show everybody that I could excel at something. But I didn't know what.
I decided that if I was going to continue in track, that I didn't want to lose, that I wasn't going to lose.
It doesn't feel that good when you're ahead the whole way.
It's hard to run a mile when you're not a miler and to kick when you've led all the way.
I've been in international competition, and now I know what the big boys can do. You don't go out and just run. There's an offense and a defense.
