English,Athlete
This club is all about winning trophies and we've got a chance of bringing the greatest trophy of them all back to Anfield, so it means a great deal obviously.
It will be a dream come true if I can go there and lift it.
It's too easy to blame other people in football.
I'm a fan myself and I'm frustrated just as much as them when we get beat.
I think we've got a lot players in the squad who are more suited to European football at the moment.
It was difficult knowing one of your cousins had lost his life.
In football, the hero and legend status is given out far too easily for me.
I share their frustration at times and I get down just like them when we suffer a bad result.
If you don't play well, you have a bad game or a nightmare you know that the amount of coverage is worldwide.
When I leave the car park at Melwood, I try and become a completely different person. I try to get away from it. You have got to. Otherwise you end up like Jamie Carragher - obsessed!
I'm born in Liverpool, I'm a Liverpool supporter.
I am gonna go into my coaching badges after my England days are finished and I have the time on my international break.
I'm playing second fiddle to Justin Bieber - Bieber Fever is sweeping our house, and my girls have made it clear I'm no longer their favourite man.
I've got absolutely no intention of ever going to play at another club.
Even now I can say I'd love to finish my career here, and then stay in the game after that.
I watched Italia '90 with my Mum and Dad and my brother, you know, leaping around the house when the penalties were on... It would be great to be part of that, to have that kind of impact.
I think every player listens out for his name being sung and it's something I really enjoy.
There's no doubt that the squad needs strengthening if we are to get back up among the top three because they are operating on another level to us at the moment.
I listen to the phone-ins on the way home and I know how the fans feel.
We are Liverpool Football Club and the expectations are so high.
The Champions League is the competition everyone wants to be in.
But I think the Champions League Final puts a massive pressure on every player and the manager, but we're enjoying the pressure and hopefully we can go there and win it.
The fans have played a massive part in getting us to where we are, but the job's not finished.
The odds were against us, but we deserve to be where we are.
Against Juventus we were massive underdogs, so to beat them was fantastic.
Hopefully it'll give us a bit of luck on the night, but I'm not really a superstitious person.
