American,Athlete
You are a role model to people. You gotta make sure you're doing the right thing.
I like being the underdog. I like turning around and shutting people up when they tell me I can't.
I understand it's promotion, but no one ever gave me a chance. No one ever thought I'd be the champ, and look where I'm at now.
I've got a great team around me. They keep me working hard; they keep me focused.
When I become champion, you know, I'll never stop being a firefighter.
I don't care about history; all I care about is winning.
I've fought the best guys in the world, and I've beat the best guys in the world.
Anthony 'Rumble' Johnson hits hard. You gotta watch out for him. He's got hammers as fists.
I am always going to be the same guy. The fireman that lives in Cleveland.
I'm actually pretty frugal with my money.
I love this city. There's Cleveland pride in it for me. Everyone has each other's backs here.
In the fight with Hunt, all I can say is it was a good night for me. I'm happy to get out of there without taking too much damage, and I'd take that every time.
Someone sent me a picture of Werdum on the ground after I hit him... There was 2:16 left, and the area code for Cleveland is 216. They played 'Believeland' that night, and the next day it snowed, and everyone said Hell froze over because the curse was broken.
I think everyone has knockout power. I mean, it's the heavyweight division.
Everyone has 4 ounce gloves on, and they're big boys, and they can throw hard.
I've done things that weren't good, you know, but I made up for my mistakes.
My day job keeps me grounded. When I show up to work, I'm not some star fighter or anything, I'm just Stipe. I'm going to keep working in my hometown as long as I can.
I trained for about a year before I had my first amateur fight. I won by knockout, and then, for my second fight, the guy didn't even show up.
I'll always be a firefighter, no matter what.
I just want to fight. That's all I want.
I'm going to be the champion for a long time.
I told you I'm the best in the world.
I'm never going to change who I am for the UFC.
I like winning, and I worked too hard to get where am at now. I'm not giving it up.
When I do become the champion, I'll still be a fire fighter.
I'm going to do what I want to do. If he wants to go to the ground, that's fine. I'm a wrestler.
I traded my 2002 Silverado in for the Trailblazer, and after my second fight, I got a win bonus. It was the knockout-of-the-night bonus, $50,000, and I paid the rest of my car off, and I gave it to my mother because I had a sponsorship with a Chevy dealership.
Of course, fighting's first. That's what I do; that's what pays my bills, you know.
Saving people, helping people, is just something I always wanted to do.
I do my days at the station and then get my training in.
I've got the best coaches in the world. I've got confidence in them, and they've got confidence in me.
I'm not scared to go to the ground. I've been wrestling my whole life. I've done a lot of jiu jitsu, but I like standing up, and every fight starts there.
I'm always the underdog, but I don't mind that.
Listen, anyone in the heavyweight division in the top ten, there is no easy fight. I don't care what you say.
One guy might be ranked higher, but it doesn't mean anything. Where these fights go, lots of things can happen.
I think any fight you get into, you've got to shine and show that you deserve to be up there.
It's nice to see different places and different parts of the world. It's pretty cool, though I hate flying!
The sport wouldn't be what it is without the fans, and at UFC 189, watching the Irish fans screaming 'Ole Ole Ole' was pretty amazing.
I love fighting. I love what I do.
People have always worn Cleveland shirts and supported Cleveland no matter how bad the teams were or how close we were. It didn't matter. That's really all about the city. We're just hardworking people that love the city and don't care how the teams do.
I'm from Cleveland. I love this place. I'm never going to leave.
It's amazing to come here. I'm so happy that UFC is finally here. We've been starving for it in Cleveland.
I'm the world champ! I'm the world champ!
I practice going backward all the time.
Cleveland, we've got a champion, baby!
I'm just a normal dude.
People don't want to give me credit, which is fine.
When you train as hard as we do, bad things happen sometimes. It's just part of the sport.
Every fight's like that. You try to break the guy's will.
I just work hard at everything I do. If there's something I need to learn, I stick to it, I learn it and put everything I have toward it.
Werdum's the champ for a reason. He's good at jiu jitsu; like he says, he's gotten better on his feet.
It's up to the UFC. Whoever they put in front of me, I'll fight.
You're always nervous before a fight.
I wouldn't want my corner throwing in the towel no matter what. I wouldn't want my corner to do that.
Cleveland's a great city. I love the city. The people here are awesome. They're loyal and hard-working, and they're loyal to our sports scene, and things are changing here.
I've wrestled my whole life, and when I got done with college, I went back to school to become a firefighter. I liked MMA, but I didn't really know if I wanted to get punched in the face!
Music-wise, I like anything with a beat to it. With walkout songs, I pick something to keep me going and to rile me up.
I love watching 'Orange Is the New Black,' and I play video games, like 'Call of Duty.'
The Hendricks/Lawler fights, those were just epic. Both were non-stop. I couldn't stop watching, and it was hard to look away. I watch those as a fan, and to see two guys fighting like that for 25 minutes is crazy.
What makes me so confident is my coaches, my team: they are the best in the world, and if it wasn't for them, I wouldn't be here.
I love what I do, both aspects - fighting and being a firefighter and paramedic.
DC is good all round. He pushes the pace, makes you think what you're doing, makes you uncomfortable.
Honestly, I don't talk; I just like to fight. I'm not a good talker.
I like winning, so every time I win, it's a better feeling every time.
I had to work hard to keep up with my mom. That's where I learned it from. She's a freak.
It's the heavyweight division, man: there's a bunch of big guys, so anything can happen when they hit you. But I have plans, and feel I get better every fight.
I'm not going to throw haymakers the whole fight; I'll gas out.
I love Cleveland; I'll always want to fight there. But there's a lot going on in New York. I'd like to go somewhere I'm not known as well.
I want you to tell me how bad I suck and how I'm going to get knocked out and how I've been lucky my whole career. That's fine. All day.
I'm hungrier than all of them. They didn't put in the effort that I did to get the title. So I don't care what it takes - I'm not giving up that title. I worked too hard to get it, and I'm not going to lose it.
MMA was like wrestling; I love competition.
During a night shift, I'll work out twice during the day. If I have to work during the day, I usually have guys at the station who will work out with me. Then at night, I'll go train.
I lived with my mom my whole life; her work ethic was ridiculous, and it hasn't changed.
