French,Athlete
To be a footballer was just a dream, and I don't believe in dreams. I only deal in what is real. To be honest, I've never thought about what I could get out of football or where it would take me. I just wanted to play. I'm the same now.
In New York it seems like there's no Monday or Saturday or Sunday. The town is always moving. The vibe is great.
I am a believer in passing the ball on the ground, I was lucky to be part of teams like that at Arsenal, with the French national team and with Monaco and at Barcelona. I know you can win in other ways, but I believe that is the way football should be played.
But, at the moment, when I step on the pitch, when I have the ball I know it's mine. It's just a feeling.
The only thing I won't watch is darts. And I don't watch cricket. How can you like a game that requires you to take four days off work to follow a Test? And I don't really like golf. I know a lot of English footballers play, but I know that if I go with the club to play, sooner or later I will end up trying to smash the ball with my foot.
But the moment I've got a ball at my feet, I'm happy.
I'm obsessed by the idea of making my mark on history. And Arsenal is my paradise.
I am always honest, and I am not the sort of player to say, 'Oh, I love Arsenal' and then sign for someone else. I think if I was unhappy, I would say that, but I'm not. I do love Arsenal.
My dad always taught me to never be satisfied: to want more and know that what is done is done. That was his way of seeing the game. You've done it, now move on. People might say, 'Well, when can you enjoy it?' But it worked for me because, in the game, you need to be on your toes.
I always think about what I missed, and I think that was my driving force - never be satisfied with what I've done.
Because that's just the way it is, and don't sleep on what you did before, you know, because it can... not hurt you, but you can find yourself sleeping on something that happened in the past, but you dare to progress and there is always room for progression.
At the end of the day, you either want or you don't want to know about it. It's a mercy thing - you have to give back. However you do it, you have to give something back. You have to.
No, because retiring is stopping. If I wanted to stop, I would have stopped.
In football you always get judged on your last game. Whoever you are, or how amazing you are, it's the last game that everyone has seen.
To say that my dad pushed me is an understatement. I was never naturally drawn to football.
Sometimes in football you have to score goals.
My dad always taught me to never be satisfied, to want more and know that what is done is done.
So many people say that obviously my game has changed since I arrived here and I say that it's good that it changed, otherwise it would show a lack of intelligence.
You learn from your mistakes.
When I was younger I was trying to do what I wanted to do, not what the game wanted me to do.
I may be French, but I'm playing for Arsenal.
It's difficult to talk about Pele because I didn't see him.
It was tough at the time but when I was younger, my Dad. I would say my Dad, because without him I wouldn't have been here. I mean it was tough for me because he was really demanding. With him, it was never enough, you know, anything I did was never enough.
So when I go home, sometimes, even when I had an amazing game, I always think about what I missed.
That's the way I've been educated: I always think about what I missed and the things that you did, you did them, so you don't have to think about them any more.
When I was 20 or 21, I didn't... I won't say care about anything, but you're like in your own world - you made something that you always wanted to do, and then you kind of think only about your family and yourself.
