American,Athlete
There's nothing I value more than the closeness of friends and family, a smile as I pass someone on the street.
I love September, especially when we're in it.
The bat is gone, but the smile remains.
Judgment traps you within the limitations of your comparisons. It inhibits freedom.
To me, baseball has always been a reflection of life. Like life, it adjusts. It survives everything.
They give you a round bat and they throw you a round ball and they tell you to hit it square.
It's supposed to be fun, the man says 'Play Ball' not 'Work Ball' you know.
I loved to hit with men on base and with the game on the line.
Life is one big transition.
I eventually became proud of my strikeouts, because each one represented another learning experience.
Love soothes wounds, while hatred and violence deepen them.
Never was I booed.
I see a lot of people who love their jobs. I see some garbage collectors smiling as they go about their work.
A World Series trophy is a wonderful thing to behold.
To be successful, one must take chances.
Helping someone is what life is all about.
Human beings are pampered by the Lord. Their real tests don't come until later in life.
I would always reserve a special place in my heart for Pittsburgh.
People like us are afraid to leave ball. What else is there to do? When baseball has been your whole life, you can't think about a future without it, so you hang on as long as you can.
You only have a few years to play this game and you can't play it if you're all tied up in knots.
I'm always amazed when a pitcher becomes angry at a hitter for hitting a home run off him. When I strike out, I don't get angry at the pitcher, I get angry at myself. I would think that if a pitcher threw up a home run ball, he should be angry at himself.
Simple pleasures were all the pleasures that I knew as a child.
Never had I had so many friends and so much fun as I did in the projects.
That's where the future lies, in the youth of today.
I owe a large part of my success to Joe Brown, who helped me both as a player and a person.
Baseball for me was instinctive, born within me, given to me as a gift from God.
I wasn't out drinking and abusing my body. I simply loved to go out and dance.
