Athlete
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude.
Most recently, I learned another hobby: baking. It's so much fun to mix all the ingredients and to see the cake come out nice. It's so rewarding when the cake comes out great and tastes great.
I like to smile. I smile even when I'm nervous since it calms me down and shows my friendliness.
I love to show off my ability in a nice way.
I have a fearless but neutral personality.
When I was 13 my dream was to play the U.S. Open. Now it's to win it.
In golf, it's almost impossible to be perfect on each shot; that's the fun and challenge of golf.
We always learn more from the losing than the winning.
I am closer and closer to reaching my childhood dream. This is really exciting! I will continue to work hard, to focus on each tournament I play.
I always believe that every one of us is working hard not only for our own performance but also to give something significant back to the societies we live in.
I shall have a beautiful dream tonight. I also wish everyone to have a beautiful dream.
I'm still number one, so don't forget about that. So I still can have a happy ending.
I want to improve my bunker, fairway and putting status because that's been my weakness over the last three years. If I can just focus on this, then everything else will come.
It's very easy when you have someone in front of you that you can chase. You want to be No. 1 but now I feel like I have to play well because everybody looks at you as a best golfer. So that's why I put more pressure on myself.
At that time, I feel sad, and I feel no one knows how hard I work and how many tears. They only know the score. At that time, I feel very lonely because no one understands since they haven't been world No. 1 before.
Not only am I constantly seeking better performance but also to be a better person, to be respected.
I am very happy since when I am in different cities I can experience and learn different cultures!
I just want to show the fans my big smile and play the game that I love.
Golf is not easy.
I want to play for my country, play for everybody, and I want to be there. I just feel like I have so many feelings and I want to play in the Olympics and feel how special if I can win that tournament.
You always learn something from mistakes.
You learn something when you don't play well, and I figure that helping people, it makes me very, very happy.
I want to be best golfer in the world. But I feel like golf is not everything in my life, but I want to keep doing it, keep working hard, do the best I can on the tour and give back to the tour.
I feel like every word I say now, I can really inspire people.
As it becomes longer at No. 1, I feel more and more pressure. Everybody is trying to grab every piece of me.
When you play good, everything is good, but when you don't play so good, everything is bad. Even when you think there are good things, they still say bad things.
When I was 7, my dad asked his friend to teach me. I played my first tournament competition when I was 8. I remember I shot around 125.
I love various sports, including basketball, tennis and billiards.
