French,Historian
The greatness of America lies not in being more enlightened than any other nation, but rather in her ability to repair her faults.
Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom.
Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.
Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.
The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public's money.
History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.
I cannot help fearing that men may reach a point where they look on every new theory as a danger, every innovation as a toilsome trouble, every social advance as a first step toward revolution, and that they may absolutely refuse to move at all.
When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.
I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America.
In the United States, the majority undertakes to supply a multitude of ready-made opinions for the use of individuals, who are thus relieved from the necessity of forming opinions of their own.
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.
There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle.
Grant me thirty years of equal division of inheritances and a free press, and I will provide you with a republic.
It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too.
What is most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
All those who seek to destroy the liberties of a democratic nation ought to know that war is the surest and shortest means to accomplish it.
A democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it.
The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through.
In other words, a democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it.
Consider any individual at any period of his life, and you will always find him preoccupied with fresh plans to increase his comfort.
There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one.
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects.
In America the majority raises formidable barriers around the liberty of opinion; within these barriers an author may write what he pleases, but woe to him if he goes beyond them.
Nothing seems at first sight less important than the outward form of human actions, yet there is nothing upon which men set more store: they grow used to everything except to living in a society which has not their own manners.
