French,Actress
I wouldn't mind being in an American film for a laugh, but I certainly don't want to be in Thingy Blah Blah 3, if you know what I mean.
I never want to do the same things twice. I like surprises.
When I was a teenager, I thought nothing would ever happen to me because my childhood was so normal. I had this complex of normality.
After each experience, you grow up, you get enriched with something, and you don't know how you're going to be in six months, you don't know what you're going to want, what you're going to need.
I don't know where I'm going to be in three years. Because I have the feeling that the future is so full of possibilities, to stop being an actress, to do something else... for me, the future is just a huge bunch of discoveries.
I'm not sure I'm quite ready to have someone be a prospector of jobs for me, because I believe there's some kind of destiny involved with meeting people... some things are just meant to happen.
In France we have a law which doesn't allow the press to publish a photo that you didn't approve. It lets the paparazzi take the picture, but if they publish this picture, you have the choice to sue the newspaper. So me, I always sued them.
People in France are very intrusive when they recognize you. In New York, they are very polite, with quick words, so it's great.
I've never really had a relationship with Hollywood. I've never had a desire to work there.
It might seem paradoxical given my profession, but I'm not someone who likes to be in the limelight.
I understand that we cannot make other people happy when they are unhappy.
I can be maternal with my friends.
I've received some English-speaking scripts, but I was not interested in them.
I would love to occasionally do English-speaking films, but the script is as important for me as the director.
I'm not ready to do any compromises for my work.
I like the light that comes off metal shutters at siesta time in the summer, having a break from driving in the shops at motorway services, the odour of petrol at petrol stations, rolling down little slopes. I hate it when you tread in a puddle and the water soaks your socks.
When I was a little girl, I loved monkeys. I wanted to be a primatologist. I went to the careers office to ask how. Because nobody could give me a good answer, I opted for acting.
It's difficult to feel that people are looking at you in the street. I don't like the fuss.
