French,Actress
A photograph can be an instant of life captured for eternity that will never cease looking back at you.
I gave my beauty and my youth to men. I am going to give my wisdom and experience to animals.
They may call me a sinner, but I am at peace with myself.
What could be more beautiful than a dear old lady growing wise with age? Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.
It is better to be unfaithful than to be faithful without wanting to be.
I have understood that the most important things are tenderness and kindness. I can't do without them.
Only idiots refuse to change their minds.
I say what I think and I think what I say.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.
I live the life of a farmer. I don't see how I could wear Lagerfeld's designs while feeding my goats. I have respect for Lagerfeld as a man, but I would have so much more for him if he, in turn, respected animals. We do not live in the same world.
It's better to be unfaithful than faithful without wanting to be.
No matter whether it's someone from the political left or right, we just need a voice to stand up and defend animal rights.
I have the courage of my convictions.
If only every man who sees my films did not get the impression he can make love to me, I would be a lot happier.
It's the decomposition that gets me. You spend your whole life looking after your body. And then you rot away.
I only want to protect animals from barbarous, cruel, inhuman and backward rituals.
Fur is not luxury: it is an industry of death and suffering.
My parents gave me a strict upbringing, which at times has caused me to suffer distress but today I am grateful to them for it.
I wanted to be myself. Only myself.
I'm a girl from a good family who was very well brought up. One day I turned my back on it all and became a bohemian.
I never get hung up on the past - the memories are too negative.
As for being a little bunny that never says a word, that is truly the opposite of me.
I started out as a lousy actress and have remained one.
I don't think when I make love.
I have been very happy, very rich, very beautiful, much adulated, very famous and very unhappy.
I am really not interested in the cinema. I loathed it when I started six years ago, and I don't enjoy it even now.
I have not always loved wisely, but I was young.
I have to live with both my selves as best I may.
I know very few Americans, though I like the way they think. They think big.
I never do anything by chance.
I was just a cheap little starlet hardly acting at all in a very mediocre film.
If I go to a restaurant, other people stare. The meal is ruined.
If this fame, which people call my lucky break, were to stop tomorrow, I shouldn't care.
James Stewart was so kind and considerate and had such personal integrity.
My soul is not my own any more. I cannot live like I want to. I am going to give up films.
People are forever finding something wrong with you.
Percentages are why I am rich.
Vadim changed my mind about acting. Vadim was the only man who was certain I had something special to offer.
Vadim was both my teacher and my husband. I placed myself entirely in his hands.
What does it mean, being a woman?
I leave before being left. I decide.
Women get more unhappy the more they try to liberate themselves.
I am astonished and surprised that someone could consider making a film about me without talking to me about it.
Nobody has any security in loving me.
My mother wanted me to be friends only with children she considered socially suitable.
I am not an actress. I can only play me - on and off the screen.
I am greatly misunderstood by politically correct idiots.
We have abolished the death penalty for humans, so why should it continue for animals?
I would like, before I die, to see the changes I've always fought for being made. If not, my life will have been worth nothing.
Swallows have disappeared, bees are dying out because of pesticides that should have been banned long ago - it's a scandal.
In a democracy one must have the right to express oneself and that's what I do, even if it displeases.
I really wanted to die at certain periods in my life.
Death was like love, a romantic escape.
If I upset some notions and went against established rules, that wasn't part of what I wanted to do. It wasn't my goal.
I tried to make myself as pretty as possible and even then I thought I was ugly. I found it madly difficult to go out, to show myself.
I was afraid of not living up to what people expected me to be.
The world today doesn't please me.
I can no longer walk. I can no longer swim. But I'm lucky when I see how animals suffer.
I am typically French.
I never left France for Hollywood nor stashed my money in Switzerland.
There is a certain dignity to being French.
I regret nothing.
Animals have never betrayed me. They are an easy prey, as I have been throughout my career. So we feel the same. I love them.
I am really not interested in the cinema.
China once again disgusts the world, portraying the image of a cruel, perverted people devoid of any feelings towards animals.
We have to convince the people of Bucharest, who are dog lovers, to treat dogs like they treat their children and not just let them roam the streets.
I only live in the world of animal protection. I speak only of that. I think only of that. I am obsessed.
I stopped making films to look after animals.
I'm not an extremist, you know.
Now, if there was one woman in the world who didn't need publicity, who always had too much publicity, it was me.
I am against the Islamisation of France.
I never knowingly wanted to hurt anybody.
Among Muslims, I think there are some who are very good and some hoodlums, like everywhere.
Politics disgusts me.
I am shocking, impertinent and insolent that's how it is.
My private life became public.
People have already dirtied my name too much.
We must boycott fur coats as well as all the accessories.
I don't feel old or used up, and I don't have time to waste thinking about aging, because I live only for my cause.
I belong to no party, and I am militant for no one.
I wasn't scandalous - I didn't want to be.
All of my causes, including the most radical, are motivated by the defense of animals.
My favourite animals are dogs.
I adore my houses - they're my refuge - but I detest more and more Saint-Tropez where it's impossible to live: invaded by tourists, social evenings, all of which I avoid and which terrorises me.
I don't have the time or the desire to gaze at my navel.
I am a native Frenchwoman and proud of it.
I mourn the fact that my beautiful country has deteriorated in every way.
French courts are backward and politically correct, which is the height of stupidity.
I never had trouble saying what I have to say.
A film about my life? But I am not dead.
I have a gruff character.
I'm too impatient.
I don't see how a socialist government can tolerate hunting on horseback. The people who do this are snobs; they're very well-to-do.
I left a world in which I was a queen to enter one in which I'm a human being.
I'm not made to be a mother.
I know it's horrible to have to admit that, but I'm not adult enough to take care of a child.
