French,Philosopher
There is no crueler tyranny than that which is perpetuated under the shield of law and in the name of justice.
There is no nation so powerful, as the one that obeys its laws not from principals of fear or reason, but from passion.
Liberty is the right to do what the law permits.
To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them.
The tyranny of a prince in an oligarchy is not so dangerous to the public welfare as the apathy of a citizen in a democracy.
We must have constantly present in our minds the difference between independence and liberty. Liberty is a right of doing whatever the laws permit, and if a citizen could do what they forbid he would no longer be possessed of liberty.
A nation may lose its liberties in a day and not miss them in a century.
Useless laws weaken the necessary laws.
If we only wanted to be happy, it would be easy; but we want to be happier than other people, and that is almost always difficult, since we think them happier than they are.
It is not the young people that degenerate; they are not spoiled till those of mature age are already sunk into corruption.
We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.
The severity of the laws prevents their execution.
There should be weeping at a man's birth, not at his death.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
To love to read is to exchange hours of ennui for hours of delight.
The sublimity of administration consists in knowing the proper degree of power that should be exerted on different occasions.
The reason the Romans built their great paved highways was because they had such inconvenient footwear.
The spirit of moderation should also be the spirit of the lawgiver.
I have always observed that to succeed in the world one should seem a fool, but be wise.
If triangles had a god, they would give him three sides.
Peace is a natural effect of trade.
Laws undertake to punish only overt acts.
Author: A fool who, not content with having bored those who have lived with him, insists on tormenting generations to come.
The less men think, the more they talk.
Talent is a gift which God has given us secretly, and which we reveal without perceiving it.
False happiness renders men stern and proud, and that happiness is never communicated. True happiness renders them kind and sensible, and that happiness is always shared.
