French,Poet
The dance can reveal everything mysterious that is hidden in music, and it has the additional merit of being human and palpable. Dancing is poetry with arms and legs.
A sweetheart is a bottle of wine, a wife is a wine bottle.
To say the word Romanticism is to say modern art - that is, intimacy, spirituality, color, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.
I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy.
It is the hour to be drunken! to escape being the martyred slaves of time, be ceaselessly drunk. On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.
An artist is an artist only because of his exquisite sense of beauty, a sense which shows him intoxicating pleasures, but which at the same time implies and contains an equally exquisite sense of all deformities and all disproportion.
To handle a language skillfully is to practice a kind of evocative sorcery.
The world only goes round by misunderstanding.
To the solemn graves, near a lonely cemetery, my heart like a muffled drum is beating funeral marches.
We are weighed down, every moment, by the conception and the sensation of Time. And there are but two means of escaping and forgetting this nightmare: pleasure and work. Pleasure consumes us. Work strengthens us. Let us choose.
But a dandy can never be a vulgar man.
The insatiable thirst for everything which lies beyond, and which life reveals, is the most living proof of our immortality.
This life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed with a desire to change his bed.
All which is beautiful and noble is the result of reason and calculation.
Modernity is the transient, the fleeting, the contingent; it is one half of art, the other being the eternal and the immovable.
Music fathoms the sky.
I have cultivated my hysteria with pleasure and terror.
Nature... is nothing but the inner voice of self-interest.
Evil is done without effort, naturally, it is the working of fate; good is always the product of an art.
I have more memories than if I were a thousand years old.
What is exhilarating in bad taste is the aristocratic pleasure of giving offense.
Whether you come from heaven or hell, what does it matter, O Beauty!
It would perhaps be nice to be alternately the victim and the executioner.
How little remains of the man I once was, save the memory of him! But remembering is only a new form of suffering.
Progress, this great heresy of decay.
The unique and supreme voluptuousness of love lies in the certainty of committing evil. And men and women know from birth that in evil is found all sensual delight.
Everything that is beautiful and noble is the product of reason and calculation.
The lover of life makes the whole world into his family, just as the lover of the fair sex creates his from all the lovely women he has found, from those that could be found, and those who are impossible to find.
In order for the artist to have a world to express he must first be situated in this world, oppressed or oppressing, resigned or rebellious, a man among men.
The study of beauty is a duel in which the artist cries with terror before being defeated.
Nearly all our originality comes from the stamp that time impresses upon our sensibility.
Any man who does not accept the conditions of life sells his soul.
What is art? Prostitution.
I love Wagner, but the music I prefer is that of a cat hung up by its tail outside a window and trying to stick to the panes of glass with its claws.
Inspiration comes of working every day.
The man who says his evening prayer is a captain posting his sentinels. He can sleep.
A frenzied passion for art is a canker that devours everything else.
For the merchant, even honesty is a financial speculation.
There is no more steely barb than that of the Infinite.
The pleasure we derive from the representation of the present is due, not only to the beauty it can be clothed in, but also to its essential quality of being the present.
There is no such thing as a long piece of work, except one that you dare not start.
It is necessary to work, if not from inclination, at least from despair. Everything considered, work is less boring than amusing oneself.
I consider it useless and tedious to represent what exists, because nothing that exists satisfies me. Nature is ugly, and I prefer the monsters of my fancy to what is positively trivial.
Poetry and progress are like two ambitious men who hate one another with an instinctive hatred, and when they meet upon the same road, one of them has to give place.
Anybody, providing he knows how to be amusing, has the right to talk about himself.
To be a great man and a saint for oneself, that is the only important thing.
Evil is committed without effort, naturally, fatally; goodness is always the product of some art.
Even if it were proven that God didn't exist, Religion would still be Saintly and Divine.
As a small child, I felt in my heart two contradictory feelings, the horror of life and the ecstasy of life.
Two fundamental literary qualities: supernaturalism and irony.
The priest is an immense being because he makes the crowd believe astonishing things.
For each letter received from a creditor, write fifty lines on an extraterrestrial subject and you will be saved.
In literature as in ethics, there is danger, as well as glory, in being subtle. Aristocracy isolates us.
We are all born marked for evil.
It is from the womb of art that criticism was born.
Hypocrite reader my fellow my brother!
Even in the centuries which appear to us to be the most monstrous and foolish, the immortal appetite for beauty has always found satisfaction.
France is not poetic; she even feels, in fact, a congenital horror of poetry. Among the writers who use verse, those whom she will always prefer are the most prosaic.
Any newspaper, from the first line to the last, is nothing but a web of horrors, I cannot understand how an innocent hand can touch a newspaper without convulsing in disgust.
Modernity signifies the transitory, the fugitive, the contingent, the half of art of which the other half is the eternal and the immutable.
It would be difficult for me not to conclude that the most perfect type of masculine beauty is Satan, as portrayed by Milton.
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste.
