French,Actress
A film is a great deal about what you see, and the silhouette of a character tells you a lot. I'd love to go into film costume.
I think denim is something everyone feels comfortable in. It's kind of my uniform, really.
I think what is interesting in life is all the cracks and all the flaws and all the moments that are not perfect.
I actually don't trust anyone who tells me they don't like New York.
I'm always curious about anyone who has enough passion to go onstage and say, 'This is what I'm really passionate about.' It's always worth listening to.
I've been wearing jeans all my life. I remember my first denim as a kid because my mum used to buy me OshKosh overalls.
I've always felt lucky because my parents included my sister and I in their cultural life.
I wanted to draw and do costumes. I was prepared to train for that, but I needed something to do on my time off from high school, so I called an agent without telling anyone and started working with her.
I'm always so impressed with these actresses with their perfect make up and hair and sometimes I'm very aware that I'm not like that. But I don't think I can do things any other way. I would be wearing a disguise if I started to apply that stuff.
When it comes to photo shoots, there was a clear moment for me when I thought, 'I'm going to have to enjoy this because it's going to be a part of what I do.'
I love fashion, and I've always wanted to do costume design, but I'm in jeans and T-shirts most of the time.
When it comes to fame, I am in a very convenient position. I live a very normal life.
I just wear jeans, big motorcycle boots and T-shirts that are way too big for me. I like anything that has lived a little bit, that has traces of life on it. Knitwear that's a tiny bit too long because you've pulled it with your hands, or jeans that are starting to get holes.
I think the people we meet in life and the loves of our lives are very, very important in what we become, like change us - when it's right, probably change us for the best.
I feel so lucky that I live in a society that lets women be. I think that's the one of the biggest fights to keep having, is to fight for women to have the right to live their life the way they want to live it.
For me, it's about not being too aware of what you look like because if you are, you're trying too hard and I don't think that actually makes you look good... I've known from very early on that I don't look perfect.
There are very few actresses who can grow old and still get exciting parts... I think it's very important for me to have wider horizons, rather than just waiting for calls.
The more you live, the better an actor you are, but maybe I'd like to do something else on the side. Something to pay the bills as well.
There is no moment where you can rest and think: 'Wonderful, I have that job now. I'm going to spend five years here.' There's a constant judgment on your work that's very strongly related to what you are.
I think it is important to pass on the message to young people who are going through a difficult time with friends that it will pass.
I constantly make fashion mistakes but I think it's good to take risks.
I had a grungy period and looked like a tramp for a very long time - my mum really hated it! I destroyed her entire '70s wardrobe by putting studs into everything - I thought I was really cool. But it's good to experiment - I even had dreadlocks at one point.
Actresses are so spoilt - we have someone who does our hair for us on set, so we don't know how to do it ourselves in real life. I know how to wash my hair and brush my teeth, but that's about it!
I've often been told that I'm a bit strange. I hear that pretty regularly, but it is not how I see myself.
I feel like I'm extremely normal. I do have a bizarre face that's a bit out of proportion. I guess that's why some people see me as strange.
In the '80s, I was the only one who didn't watch the shows about teenagers. I had to go over to friends' houses to see them. I still don't have a TV!
