French,Musician
Everything I make as a producer, I visualize it as a DJ first. And all those beats, I test them as a DJ.
I mix up all styles on my albums because that is what music is about now.
I can make everything I do come from my laptop. Even when I go to a big studio, all I do is to plug in my laptops. That's they way I do it.
Our job as producers is to make the music sound as good as possible.
You know, kids come to see me in the same way that their parents would go to see a rock concert.
When you're too relaxed it's not good to create.
So dance music is now pop music. So now, as a dance producer, what do I have to do? So I'm starting to do alien music, because pop is not pop anymore; we need to go alien to be independent.
My studio is a laptop. Everybody I work with is the same. We make computer music, we're the laptop generation.
I'm not the type of person to live in fear. I think positively.
If you put a demo on the net and people say it was the finished version then they're going to say it sucks. I really hate that.
I've created a bridge between European electronic culture and urban American culture, and I've worked with established brands.
I'm totally not a nostalgic person. I always look to the future and as much as I've enjoyed the ride until now and the different phases, I'm more excited about the next music.
I want to party in space because I make alien music.
It's nice because success has allowed me to have a blast on stage, to be in the studio with amazing people, but I find it all a bit bizarre.
Actually, because of new technologies, my full studio is on my laptop. And I have a little keyboard in my bag. I can make everything I do come from my laptop. Even when I go to a big studio, all I do is to plug in my laptops. That's they way I do it.
My parents were extreme left so everything was against the system. I was walking barefoot in the streets of Paris when I was eight. When I started to DJ they hated it, because for them, nightclubs, and all of this life, was terrible and fake.
I have studios in the different places where I live - in Ibiza, Paris and London - but they're not crazy studios, they're just rooms with good monitors, and all I do is plug my laptop in. It's a different way to make music, but for me, I love it, because it's more connected to the world.
I don't do this for the money, I don't do it for record sales, I don't really care about that, I just want to make beats.
If I had to play only for people who liked the music because they heard it on the radio, it wouldn't make me happy. That's why I'm working so hard to have, yes, a profile as an artist, but also a profile as a DJ.
I wanna be a nice guy.
I had the most reversed education possible. Every parent wants their son to be a businessman, respectable - me, it was the opposite. When I had an artist career my mum was like, 'Oh finally, I'm proud of you!'
All the big artists I talk to say that they are trapped in a formula and they are looking for the music of tomorrow.
Kids listen to everything on the Internet.
I am trying to walk a tightrope; trying to keep the DJ community happy while trying to spread the message about dance music to more people. That is the mission that I am on.
I headline concert halls for 20,000 people, but I still play smaller venues.
Everything I do comes from the clubs. If I lose that, I'm done.
