French,Actress
Beauty is not something you can count on. Usually, when people say you are beautiful, it is when there is a harmony between the inside and the outside.
The body is an actor's tool, like the face, malleable. I never thought that being naked was immoral or outrageous.
Today I would say, 'I am against plastic surgery.' It's a grave act. An act that touches our soul. It was frightening.
When you are happy and in love and when you have children, then maybe you are beautiful.
We've all had that fear, that despair of losing someone, or this fierce desire because it's not reciprocated. The less reciprocation there is, the more desire we have.
There are moments when you feel that the desire to work is fading, and the only way to bring it back is to get away from it, to put yourself in a state of frustration so you feel the need again.
I give everything I have to give on the screen. I feel I don't owe the public anything else.
I just decided that I would not put my professional life on hold to raise children. I know that sounds selfish to a lot of people and I don't know if what I'm doing is the right thing. But that's the way I'm doing it.
The body, in 'La Belle Noiseuse,' was the source of the artist's creativity.
Once I opened my eyes to the realities of life, I couldn't close them.
We were raised without movies, theater or music. We had only nature, the hills, the trees. When I got on the set of 'Manon,' I wasn't star-struck because I didn't know what a star was.
After 10 years of French torture - psychological torture - it's great to do an American movie.
I have never had so much fun as in Montreal. I taught the kids French, I baby-sat, I went to school, I was a receptionist at a hairdresser's, I danced and drank all night. I found that the more you do, the more you have time to do... it's weird, non?
I stay in France. Better to be the queen of a village than a servant in a kingdom.
I had my mouth done when I was 27. It was a botched job. Obviously, if I had liked my mouth I wouldn't have had it re-done.
If a man or woman has something redone it is because he or she can no longer live with that part of their body, it is no longer bearable. Either they get help and find the strength to fight or they proceed with the act.
I keep reading that I'm cold. But I'm not, I'm shy. And I play a lot of women of fire and sexuality like an animal - so I'm cold on one side and fiery on the other.
My parents sent me to Montreal because I kept getting kicked out of school in France.
When I'm playing a part, I can feel all my body playing it; it's like really making love.
If I have one thing perfect, it's my eyebrows. And my feet. I love my feet. They're like Japanese feet. The rest I would like to hide. Especially my freckles. I feel ridiculous.
In Hollywood there's no real material. They would send me stuff, but I hadn't even seen the director. If I don't see the director's eyes, I'm not going. I'm not even going to pack my bags.
I can't just react on the strength of an email and three pages of synopsis, and say I'm going to take off for three months of my life.
I don't give a damn about Hollywood.
It is not easy to grow old in this business, when you are a woman above all, in the cinema.
It is not easy to age in harmony with one's roles.
I am an actress, I earn money, I am well-known. I don't think it is altruism to become engaged in humanitarian work. It's the least one can do.
