French,Novelist
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
There is no truth. There is only perception.
Love is a springtime plant that perfumes everything with its hope, even the ruins to which it clings.
I am a man-pen. I feel through the pen, because of the pen.
The better a work is, the more it attracts criticism; it is like the fleas who rush to jump on white linens.
What an elder sees sitting; the young can't see standing.
Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness; nothing but faith, faith and freedom.
One mustn't look at the abyss, because there is at the bottom an inexpressible charm which attracts us.
Everything one invents is true, you may be perfectly sure of that. Poetry is as precise as geometry.
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.
Our ignorance of history causes us to slander our own times.
The whole dream of democracy is to raise the proletarian to the level of stupidity attained by the bourgeois.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough.
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything.
Human speech is like a cracked kettle on which we tap crude rhythms for bears to dance to, while we long to make music that will melt the stars.
Nothing is more humiliating than to see idiots succeed in enterprises we have failed in.
One never tires of what is well written, style is life! It is the very blood of thought!
Life must be a constant education; one must learn everything, from speaking to dying.
Poetry is as precise a thing as geometry.
One mustn't ask apple trees for oranges, France for sun, women for love, life for happiness.
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal.
As a rule we disbelieve all the facts and theories for which we have no use.
One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels.
Here is true immorality: ignorance and stupidity; the devil is nothing but this. His name is Legion.
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.
Language is a cracked kettle on which we beat out tunes for bears to dance to, while all the time we long to move the stars to pity.
There are neither good nor bad subjects. From the point of view of pure Art, you could almost establish it as an axiom that the subject is irrelevant, style itself being an absolute manner of seeing things.
A friend who dies, it's something of you who dies.
I love my work with a frenetic and perverse love, as an ascetic loves the hair shirt which scratches his belly.
It seems to me that I have always existed and that I possess memories that date back to the Pharaohs.
I have the handicap of being born with a special language to which I alone have the key.
One must always hope when one is desperate, and doubt when one hopes.
I hate that which we have decided to call realism, even though I have been made one of its high priests.
A memory is a beautiful thing, it's almost a desire that you miss.
Woman is a vulgar animal from whom man has created an excessively beautiful ideal.
One mustn't always believe that feeling is everything. In the arts, it is nothing without form.
The heart, like the stomach, wants a varied diet.
I love good sense above all, perhaps because I have none.
What is the beautiful, if not the impossible.
Oh, if I had been loved at the age of seventeen, what an idiot I would be today. Happiness is like smallpox: if you catch it too soon, it can completely ruin your constitution.
Of all possible debauches, traveling is the greatest that I know; that's the one they invented when they got tired of all the others.
The cult of art gives pride; one never has too much of it.
Caught up in life, you see it badly. You suffer from it or enjoy it too much. The artist, in my opinion, is a monstrosity, something outside of nature.
