French,Philosopher
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
Intelligence is the faculty of making artificial objects, especially tools to make tools.
Our laughter is always the laughter of a group.
Homo sapiens, the only creature endowed with reason, is also the only creature to pin its existence on things unreasonable.
An absolute can only be given in an intuition, while all the rest has to do with analysis.
There is no greater joy than that of feeling oneself a creator. The triumph of life is expressed by creation.
When we make the cerebral state the beginning of an action, and in no sense the condition of a perception, we place the perceived images of things outside the image of our body, and thus replace perception within the things themselves.
Spirit borrows from matter the perceptions on which it feeds and restores them to matter in the form of movements which it has stamped with its own freedom.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
The present contains nothing more than the past, and what is found in the effect was already in the cause.
In reality, the past is preserved by itself automatically.
You will obtain a vision of matter that is perhaps fatiguing for your imagination, but pure and stripped of what the requirements of life make you add to it in external perception.
I see plainly how external images influence the image that I call my body: they transmit movement to it.
Sex appeal is the keynote of our civilization.
The motive power of democracy is love.
Genius is that which forces the inertia of humanity to learn.
Some other faculty than the intellect is necessary for the apprehension of reality.
We regard intelligence as man's main characteristic and we know that there is no superiority which intelligence cannot confer on us, no inferiority for which it cannot compensate.
To perceive means to immobilize... we seize, in the act of perception, something which outruns perception itself.
It seems that laughter needs an echo.
I cannot escape the objection that there is no state of mind, however simple, that does not change every moment.
In its entirety, probably, it follows us at every instant; all that we have felt, thought and willed from our earliest infancy is there, leaning over the present which is about to join it, pressing against the portals of consciousness that would fain leave it outside.
There is nothing in philosophy which could not be said in everyday language.
A situation is always comic if it participates simultaneously in two series of events which are absolutely independent of each other, and if it can be interpreted in two quite different meanings.
And I also see how this body influences external images: it gives back movement to them.
The major task of the twentieth century will be to explore the unconscious, to investigate the subsoil of the mind.
