French,Mathematician
Mathematics is the art of giving the same name to different things.
It is the harmony of the diverse parts, their symmetry, their happy balance; in a word it is all that introduces order, all that gives unity, that permits us to see clearly and to comprehend at once both the ensemble and the details.
Mathematicians do not study objects, but relations between objects.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
A sane mind should not be guilty of a logical fallacy, yet there are very fine minds incapable of following mathematical demonstrations.
Thought is only a flash between two long nights, but this flash is everything.
It is far better to foresee even without certainty than not to foresee at all.
Geometry is not true, it is advantageous.
Ideas rose in clouds; I felt them collide until pairs interlocked, so to speak, making a stable combination.
The scientist does not study nature because it is useful; he studies it because he delights in it, and he delights in it because it is beautiful.
If nature were not beautiful, it would not be worth knowing, and if nature were not worth knowing, life would not be worth living.
Mathematicians are born, not made.
What is it indeed that gives us the feeling of elegance in a solution, in a demonstration?
A scientist worthy of his name, about all a mathematician, experiences in his work the same impression as an artist; his pleasure is as great and of the same nature.
Absolute space, that is to say, the mark to which it would be necessary to refer the earth to know whether it really moves, has no objective existence.
Invention consists in avoiding the constructing of useless contraptions and in constructing the useful combinations which are in infinite minority.
A very small cause which escapes our notice determines a considerable effect that we cannot fail to see, and then we say that the effect is due to chance.
If we knew exactly the laws of nature and the situation of the universe at the initial moment, we could predict exactly the situation of the same universe at a succeeding moment.
Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones. But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house.
Need we add that mathematicians themselves are not infallible?
Mathematical discoveries, small or great are never born of spontaneous generation.
A small error in the former will produce an enormous error in the latter.
To doubt everything, or, to believe everything, are two equally convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
The mind uses its faculty for creativity only when experience forces it to do so.
It has adopted the geometry most advantageous to the species or, in other words, the most convenient.
How is an error possible in mathematics?
