French,Actress
You protect your being when you love yourself better. That's the secret.
I have no fear of being less beautiful, I've always been afraid of not being beautiful.
I've learned that to expose yourself, to reveal yourself is a test of your humanness.
I loved my freedom as an adolescent, and I'd love to be an adolescent again.
There are people who never experience that, who remain closed until death, from fear of change.
Nothingness not being nothing, nothingness being emptiness.
I'm in an agreeable state: busy, enthusiastic, curious.
Today I trust my instinct, I trust myself. Finally.
I'm a public figure. It's up to me to take the initiative to explain things. It's my responsibility.
But no one frees himself from being in love in three days.
I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.
The soul preserves beauty.
When you hold a baby in your arms, you don't want to put it in a basket right away. You want to keep the baby close.
I think we have to get back the value of behavior that is consistent with being taught: that's to say, respecting teachers, listening, and not always expecting your opinion to take precedence.
I am a follower of hyaluronic acid - always in small doses, of course - to fill wrinkles and fine lines.
I'm a very secretive person. That's how I grew up. My father was very secretive.
You have to believe yourself to be the centre of the world, or you believe nothing. You start to treat yourself very badly.
Life has brought me work to do on myself these past two years.
There has already been the karmic work: that what life has transformed in me, this initiation brought on, of necessity, by trials.
I believe in angels, so it's simple.
I think that we all carry the divine within us.
To change, that is the most difficult thing to accomplish.
If I had not passed through trial - through passion, one could say - through these years so painful and so rich, I don't believe I could take on my life and my career as I do today.
Before, for me, peace could have been synonymous with boredom.
One believes that if nothing happens, one disappears. That is not true.
One can be emptied out and be filled up.
American hypocrisy consists of thinking that everything is serious; French hypocrisy is to think that nothing is serious.
We can't forbid women from going to the beach because of a costume, even if it is rightly seen as neo-fundamentalist, backward, and shocking.
I find the heated political debate over the burkini both ridiculous and dangerous.
Journalists are still inventing things that never existed about me. Before, it made me cry, but now I laugh about it.
If my life hadn't itself been a modern adaptation of 'Les Atrides,' I probably would never have left the theatre.
Someone who is an artist can say, 'I can create and can make what I create disappear.'
If you are in a gym class with other women, and even if you are in shape, you feel like, 'Do they think my legs are not right?' Since you are supposed to be the perfect one, they look for the defects. It's such an embarrassment.
I have a lot of friends in Paris, and I love to get away from home.
Algeria keeps me awake at night. What about you?
I like working emotions that can take you beyond your life. And yet you have to resist them in order remain within your life. Otherwise, you're burned. I like that fight. It's more of a fight with yourself.
For me to get up and feel the urge to go to the set and all that, I have to feel there is something tremendously vibrating to achieve there. I need to lose sometimes a consciousness of the person and the reality in order to be happy to come back into the reality and happier to live it for this cause, to be an artist in this life.
It's exhilarating to read something that tells you that people saw something and felt something that you thought was so discreet. When they relate you to some of their own fantasies of who or how some actresses should be in movies. That's really kind of sweet!
I took the test for AIDS. I began to hate people who were not sick. Those people are monsters, I would think, believing that they are well because of moral superiority, because they are good. I identified with the loneliness of the sick. I felt that there was something pure about them.
