French,Playwright
Propaganda is a soft weapon; hold it in your hands too long, and it will move about like a snake, and strike the other way.
Some men like to make a little garden out of life and walk down a path.
When you are forty, half of you belongs to the past... And when you are seventy, nearly all of you.
Our entire life - consists ultimately in accepting ourselves as we are.
Things are beautiful if you love them.
God is on everyone's side... and in the last analysis, he is on the side with plenty of money and large armies.
Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Only engage, and then the mind grows heated. Begin, and then the work will be completed.
To say yes, you have to sweat and roll up your sleeves and plunge both hands into life up to the elbows. It is easy to say no, even if saying no means death.
One cannot weep for the entire world, it is beyond human strength. One must choose.
Life is a wonderful thing to talk about, or to read about in history books - but it is terrible when one has to live it.
We poison our lives with fear of burglary and shipwreck, and, ask anyone, the house is never burgled, and the ship never goes down.
Life has a way of setting things in order and leaving them be. Very tidy, is life.
Oh, love is real enough; you will find it someday, but it has one archenemy - and that is life.
An ugly sight, a man who is afraid.
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
Talent is like a faucet, while it is open, one must write.
Inspiration is a farce that poets have invented to give themselves importance.
What you get free costs too much.
It takes a certain courage and a certain greatness to be truly base.
Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.
With God, what is terrible is that one never knows whether it's not just a trick of the devil.
There is love of course. And then there's life, its enemy.
The only immorality is not to do what one has to do when one has to do it.
Nothing is irreparable in politics.
Love is, above all, the gift of oneself.
Tragedy is restful: and the reason is that hope, that foul, deceitful thing, has no part in it.
