French,Actress
What I love most about this crazy life is the adventure of it.
I want to know why I'm alive. I want to understand. It's like exploration; it's like someone being interested in a place and its history, digging into the earth and looking for it, searching - it's a passion.
My only ambition is to be true every moment I am living.
I don't believe in coincidence.
There was probably something as a child I wanted to express, something unsaid that I needed to share.
Acting is like peeling an onion. You have to peel away each layer to reveal another.
What makes a person sexy is when he's not trying to be sexy.
I like intensity. If it's too mellow, I feel like, bleah. I like intensity, because it's way of reaching spaces inside of you, and it's my need of knowledge, of knowing about myself regardless.
My ambition is to have beautiful encounters, not to make money.
Attraction is beyond our will or ideas sometimes.
But I've never felt that being an actress is being in a comfortable place. It's seen from the outside that we're being driven in big cars and having these gorgeous suites and all of that. But come on, it's not about that.
Movies are open doors, and at every door, I change character and life... I live for the present always. I accept this risk. I don't deny the past, but it's a page to turn.
I've played journalists before, and I have good friends who are journalists. I think being an actor is not very far from being a journalist. Because you investigate, you try to understand, you're asking questions, you're interested in the other.
For me, acting goes to a special place; it's almost mystical. You have to let go of what you think is good; it's a jump into trust, and trying to reach without wanting too much.
I think acting is about forgetting yourself in order to give the best of yourself. It's passing through you more than you're creating it. You're not the flower, but the vase which holds the flower.
I live for the present always. I accept this risk. I don't deny the past, but it's a page to turn.
I've never thought of my characters as being sad. On the contrary, they are full of life. They didn't choose tragedy. Tragedy chose them.
Movies are open doors, and at every door, I change character and life.
Acting is a tough business, and you need to be in good shape mentally and physically.
As an actress we don't beat one another. It's whoever's right for the part.
Before I thought there was a common denominator between my films - as if all my characters were sisters - but I'm not so sure now.
Being a famous actress may give you a sense of being important, but believe me, it's just an illusion.
But I think it's a little different in Europe, because 40 is really the best age for a woman. That's when we hit our peak and become this ripe fruit.
But, you know, when I choose a film I need to believe in it and believe I can do something special with it, and after a while that means not trying to judge or analyze why I should do it. You have to follow this intuition thing, which is a mystery to me.
Choosing to be in the theatre was a way to put my roots down somewhere with other people. It was a way to choose a new family.
Each new film is like a trial. Before I step in front of the camera, I do not know whether I am going to fall or whether I am going to fly - and that is exactly the way I want it to stay.
What I need is to express my passion for life... It's movement I'm interested in, the life in me, the life in humanity.
I love the unknown. I think because it brings fear, and to embrace fear is the best feeling.
I was used to theatre classes. I studied with my mother; she was a theatre teacher and directed, too, so it was very family-like. Then I studied with a great teacher in Paris, and she was wonderful; she pushed me, but she was a warm soul.
You make your own path as an actor. Nobody does it for you, so you have to invent yourself.
As an actress, I think there is always a political consciousness there.
My private life is very private, and I have chosen not to live in America or England, where you are so exposed and can't fight against it.
Fighting the ageing process just doesn't work. I think that actresses, ultimately, are responsible for the faces we give to women.
The thing is that I never felt beautiful. I really never did. I think I can change my looks and be different things, but I've never thought of myself as this face.
My aim was never to be an American star; otherwise, I would have moved to Los Angeles.
When I won the Oscar, there was something telling me 'this isn't the truth'. I had to get back to real work.
I really don't think that the Oscar changed my career much because I didn't want it to.
I like being a mother, and I want to be involved in my work, so I have to make choices. If you're a film actress, your career is from 20 to 45, but you can still dream.
As an actor, I have to be fulfilled in the roles that I play; it has to be a journey for me to learn something or involve myself.
I'm a fighter as a mother. I'm fighting to be a mother, but I cannot say no to my passion because it's me, as well.
The best mother is the mother who adapts, and the best children are the children who adapt as well.
I never really worked in Hollywood. Some American producers came to Europe to shoot films with me, so it's a different situation... It was not my aim.
I wanted to work with people from the world, with different minds and different visions.
Some words, you know, it's amazing but some words would come only in French, and when I speak French, it would only come in English. And so the adjustment is very difficult sometimes.
In a building with apartments, of course, you want to make connections. Life is easier that way. There's salt if you don't have salt; you can knock at someone's door, like in any city. But you know, you can hear the others, and you want to sleep, you get annoyed.
I'm very down-to-earth and accessible, I think.
When you make a film, it's a bet. You don't know how the film is going to be, anyway.
I am not a woman staying at home.
I've been changed watching films or reading books or hearing music, and that helps you to live your life.
As actors, we are so privileged to do what we do and to give to the world and to choose the subject we want to say to the world.
If you told me tomorrow that I couldn't act anymore, it wouldn't bother me. I have only one wish: to meet the man of my life.
I don't like films giving me answers. I like films that are provoking me, that are making me feel not only being in an easy place.
Sometimes I call directors. Sometimes I just meet with them. It just happens. It's not that I'm pushy. It comes naturally. But I go ahead. I don't stay in my armchair, waiting for the phone to ring.
I'm not even aware of my success. Success is such an illusion.
It's not a struggle to be on a diet. You feel lighter, and your spirit is lighter, too. But I love chocolate, and I allow myself to have chocolate. That doesn't go against a diet for me.
