French,Royalty
It is legal because I wish it.
There is little that can withstand a man who can conquer himself.
First feelings are always the most natural.
I am the state.
The ministers of kings should learn to moderate their ambition. The higher they elevate themselves above their proper sphere, the greater the danger that they will fall.
We can do all we wish while we live; afterward, we are less than the meanest.
Every time I appoint someone to a vacant position, I make a hundred unhappy and one ungrateful.
My child, you are going to be a great king; do not imitate me in the taste I have had for building, or in that I have had for war; try, on the contrary, to be at peace with your neighbors.
Render to God what you owe him; recognize the obligations you are under to him.
Ah, if I were not king, I should lose my temper.
I could sooner reconcile all Europe than two women.
I am dying, but the state remains.
That's what troubles me: I should like to suffer more for the expiation of my sins.
The King of Spain displayed his esteem for me in a manner that I confess flattered me pleasantly when, after the death of Don Luis de Haro, he stated publicly in front of all the foreign ambassadors that he wanted to follow my example in not having a prime minister any longer.
Has God forgotten all I have done for Him.
You have only to see what became of my father's will immediately after his death, and the wills of so many other kings. I know it well; but nevertheless, they have wished it; they gave me no rest nor repose, no calm until it was done.
It is impossible to please all the world.
The Pyrenees are no more.
Laws are the sovereigns of sovereigns.
I have made my will; I have been tormented to do it. I have bought repose; I know the powerlessness and inutility of it.
Always follow good counsels.
As for restitutions, to nobody in particular do I owe any, but as for those I owe to the realm, I hope in the mercy of God.
My court was divided between peace and war according to their various interests, but I considered only their reasons.
