French,Author
The love of a dog is a pure thing. He gives you a trust which is total. You must not betray it.
Using a big word like 'plagiarism'... always causes some damage. It will always do lasting damage, like accusations of racism.
Women are not stupid, but they were not clever enough to realise that feminism did not bring freedom, but the opposite. That's why I'm glad feminism is dead.
I am for the muscles. I would like to have a lot of muscles, because women like it. I'm for bodybuilding, but it's very exhausting.
The most stupid religion is Islam.
Active people don't change the world profoundly; ideas do. Napoleon is less important in world history than Jean-Jacques Rousseau.
I tend to think that good and evil exist and that the quantity in each of us is unchangeable. The moral character of people is set, fixed until death.
I admit that invective is one of my pleasures. This only brings me problems in life, but that's it. I attack, I insult. I have a gift for that, for insults, for provocation. So I am tempted to use it.
Those who think they know me are simply lacking in information.
The press may hate me, and I know my battles with them are not over, but that doesn't matter.
When a country is strong... it accepts any dose of pessimism from its writers.
I'd say that the question whether love still exists plays the same role in my novels as the question of God's existence in Dostoevsky.
You can't be a crazy rebel in the face of death, it's not a fitting attitude.
The Americans are completely stupid. The intellectual level in any single European country is higher than in America.
My novels are all ideas.
I prefer reading to writing. Reading changes your world view. Writing changes absolutely nothing. Except, of course, when it makes you rich.
There is no point in asking me general questions because I am always changing my mind.
When you read the Koran, you give up. At least the Bible is very beautiful because Jews have an extraordinary literary talent.
Islam is a dangerous religion.
I think that if I am notorious, it is because other people have decided that this is how I should be.
Why am I popular? I don't know. Is it a mistake? I should think it's a mistake somewhere.
You know, you don't have to have permanent opinions. You can think, every morning, 'I love the world' and go to bed every night thinking, 'I hate the world.'
I find it an absolute pleasure to read travel guides, especially the Michelin guides, and their description of places I know I'll probably never visit. I spend a large part of my life reading descriptions of restaurants.
In my own writing, I think of myself as a realist who exaggerates a little.
I think that there is a sharp contrast for most people between life at university, where they meet lots of people, and the moment when they enter the workforce, when they basically no longer meet anyone. Life becomes dull. So as a result people get married to have a personal life. I could elaborate but I think everyone understands.
I think poetry is the only domain where a writer you like can truly be said to influence you, because you read and reread a poem so many times that it simply drills itself into your head.
