French,Leader
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principles which direct them.
Water, air, and cleanness are the chief articles in my pharmacy.
Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
History is a set of lies agreed upon.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The battlefield is a scene of constant chaos. The winner will be the one who controls that chaos, both his own and the enemies.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
In politics stupidity is not a handicap.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
A throne is only a bench covered with velvet.
I can no longer obey; I have tasted command, and I cannot give it up.
Ability is nothing without opportunity.
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.
A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights.
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
What is history but a fable agreed upon?
The infectiousness of crime is like that of the plague.
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
I am the successor, not of Louis XVI, but of Charlemagne.
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment.
Doctors will have more lives to answer for in the next world than even we generals.
A Constitution should be short and obscure.
It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr.
He who knows how to flatter also knows how to slander.
Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet.
From the heights of these pyramids, forty centuries look down on us.
Respect the burden.
The army is the true nobility of our country.
Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets.
The extent of your consciousness is limited only by your ability to love and to embrace with your love the space around you, and all it contains.
I made all my generals out of mud.
A revolution can be neither made nor stopped. The only thing that can be done is for one of several of its children to give it a direction by dint of victories.
One should never forbid what one lacks the power to prevent.
Among those who dislike oppression are many who like to oppress.
There are only two forces in the world, the sword and the spirit. In the long run the sword will always be conquered by the spirit.
There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men: time.
Public opinion is the thermometer a monarch should constantly consult.
With audacity one can undertake anything, but not do everything.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
In order to govern, the question is not to follow out a more or less valid theory but to build with whatever materials are at hand. The inevitable must be accepted and turned to advantage.
France has more need of me than I have need of France.
It is my wish that my ashes may repose on the banks of the Seine, in the midst of the French people, whom I have loved so well.
Power is my mistress. I have worked too hard at her conquest to allow anyone to take her away from me.
Music is the voice that tells us that the human race is greater than it knows.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.
Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy.
A man cannot become an atheist merely by wishing it.
The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely.
The French complain of everything, and always.
England is a nation of shopkeepers.
You must not fear death, my lads; defy him, and you drive him into the enemy's ranks.
All religions have been made by men.
The human race is governed by its imagination.
War is the business of barbarians.
Let the path be open to talent.
The battle of Austerlitz is the grandest of all I have fought.
Forethought we may have, undoubtedly, but not foresight.
When soldiers have been baptized in the fire of a battle-field, they have all one rank in my eyes.
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Medicines are only fit for old people.
We must laugh at man to avoid crying for him.
The great proof of madness is the disproportion of one's designs to one's means.
A celebrated people lose dignity upon a closer view.
Ambition never is in a greater hurry than I; it merely keeps pace with circumstances and with my general way of thinking.
