French,Poet
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
The purpose of psychology is to give us a completely different idea of the things we know best.
A great man is one who leaves others at a loss after he is gone.
War: a massacre of people who don't know each other for the profit of people who know each other but don't massacre each other.
The universe is built on a plan the profound symmetry of which is somehow present in the inner structure of our intellect.
Love is being stupid together.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
Serious-minded people have few ideas. People with ideas are never serious.
The folly of mistaking a paradox for a discovery, a metaphor for a proof, a torrent of verbiage for a spring of capital truths, and oneself for an oracle, is inborn in us.
A poem is never finished, only abandoned.
A man who is 'of sound mind' is one who keeps the inner madman under lock and key.
A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
Politeness is organized indifference.
Books have the same enemies as people: fire, humidity, animals, weather, and their own content.
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
Science means simply the aggregate of all the recipes that are always successful. All the rest is literature.
The future, like everything else, is not what it used to be.
A man's true secrets are more secret to himself than they are to others.
Politics is the art of preventing people from busying themselves with what is their own business.
The history of thought may be summed up in these words: it is absurd by what it seeks and great by what it finds.
Man's great misfortune is that he has no organ, no kind of eyelid or brake, to mask or block a thought, or all thought, when he wants to.
Our judgments judge us, and nothing reveals us, exposes our weaknesses, more ingeniously than the attitude of pronouncing upon our fellows.
Power without abuse loses its charm.
God created man and, finding him not sufficiently alone, gave him a companion to make him feel his solitude more keenly.
We are enriched by our reciprocate differences.
