Austrian,Actor
I guess I'm pretty much of a lone wolf. I don't say I don't like people at all, but, to tell you the truth, I only like it then if I have a chance to look deep into their hearts and their minds.
To portray a maniac offers a compelling challenge.
People, chained by monotony, afraid to think, clinging to certainties... they live like ants.
My close-up was magnificent!
The role seemed to demand that I keep myself worked up to fever pitch, so I took on the actual attributes of the horrible vampire, Dracula.
The love-bite, it is the beginning. You will be irresistible.
If you are not serious, people will sense it.
I have never met a vampire personally, but I don't know what might happen tomorrow.
In making theories, always keep a window open so that you can throw one out if necessary.
You can't make people believe in you if you play a horror part with your tongue in your cheek.
Women have a predestination to suffering.
Without movie parts I was reduced to freak status. I just couldn't stand it.
When a film company is in the red they come to me. Always it is the same.
To win a woman, take her with you to see Dracula.
There was no male vampire type in existence. Someone suggested an actor of the Continental School who could play any type, and mentioned me.
The vampire was a complete change from the usual romantic characters I was playing, but it was a success.
The stage is near and dear to me.
The screen magnifies everything, even the way you are thinking.
The former ruling class kept the community of actors in ignorance by means of various lies.
The actor depends wholly on himself. He gives his performance in what, to him, seems the most effective manner.
Of all the roles I've done on the stage, I'm partial to Cyrano de Bergerac.
My body grew hot, then cold. I tried to eat the bed sheets. My heart beat madly. Every joint in my body ached. When I took the cure they took it all away from me.
Martyrdom was the price of enthusiasm for acting.
It was hell to go through what I went through. I didn't know I had so many friends. Many people gave a damn about my situation. They helped cure me.
It took several years of hard work in small roles before I attained stardom.
It took me years to live down Dracula and convince the film producers that I would play almost any other type of role.
