Austrian,Athlete
I started skydiving because I loved the idea of freedom.
Sometimes you have to go up really high to understand how small you really are.
Let me tell you - when I was standing there on top of the world, you become so humble. You don't think about breaking records anymore, you don't think about gaining scientific data - the only thing that you want is to come back alive.
Aviation - and space travel, in particular - have always been especially captivating.
I feel comfortable with what I do and I guess that my girlfriend feels the same.
Normally, when I skydive, even in winter, I wear very thin gloves. I want to be flexible, with fast reactions.
People are fascinated about the world above them because it seems so out-of-reach.
I'm 100 percent sure I'm becoming a really good helicopter pilot.
At a certain R.P.M., there's only one way for blood to leave your body, and that's through your eyeballs. That means you're dead.
I always feel the danger because you might always be subject to an unexpected or emergency event.
To jump and break the sound barrier will not be a mere record breaking experience or another extreme event that ends once the mission is accomplished.
Heroes don't wear diapers. It's just not cool.
I'm now a member of a pretty small club.
I like to challenge myself.
They call me Fearless Felix.
This claustrophobia was the only weakness I had. It's not my fault. It's just in my mind.
Well, I jumped for the first time when I was 16. I just loved it and immediately realized that it was what I wanted to do.
As a little kid, I climbed a lot of trees because I always loved the bird's-eye view.
I have a lot of fears that normal people have.
I had to work with a psychiatrist.
If I do something, it's always 90% obvious and 10% unknown.
I'm retired from the daredevil business.
I want to find a nice decent job as a helicopter pilot.
I don't like to rate myself; others can do that.
I can't bear the thought of my mother having to push me around in a wheelchair. I'd rather die quickly.
I have no privacy anymore.
