Austrian,Composer
A symphony must be like the world. It must contain everything.
It's not just a question of conquering a summit previously unknown, but of tracing, step by step, a new pathway to it.
I was a crazy young man who let himself be blinded by his passions and obeyed only the impulses of the moment.
Spring won't let me stay in this house any longer! I must get out and breathe the air deeply again.
I am thrice homeless, as a native of Bohemia in Austria, as an Austrian among Germans, and as a Jew throughout the world. Everywhere an intruder, never welcomed.
Fortunately, something always remains to be harvested. So let us not be idle.
I beg of you... never assume an inner or an outer pose, never a disguise.
Melodic invention is one of the surest signs of a divine gift.
Never let oneself be guided by the opinion of one's contemporaries. Continue steadfastly on one's way.
The call of love sounds very hollow among these immobile rocks.
The real art of conducting consists in transitions.
With the coming of spring, I am calm again.
Beauty and fullness of tone can be achieved by having the whole orchestra play with high clarinets and a carefully selected number of piccolos.
Discipline, work. Work, discipline.
In the theatrical works we love and admire the most, the ending of the drama generally takes place offstage.
When I have reached a summit, I leave it with great reluctance, unless it is to reach for another, higher one.
I have become a different person. I don't know whether this person is better, he certainly is not happier.
The point is not to take the world's opinion as a guiding star but to go one's way in life and working unerringly, neither depressed by failure nor seduced by applause.
The impressions of the spriritual experiences gave my future life its form and content.
You must renounce all superficiality, all convention, all vanity and delusion.
It is strange how one feels drawn forward without knowing at first where one is going.
If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.
I also had a brother who was like me a musician and a composer. A man of great talent, far more gifted than I. He died very young... he killed himself in the prime of his life.
I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way.
I don't let myself get carried away by my own ideas - I abandon 19 out of 20 of them every day.
The spirit can assert itself only through the medium of clear form.
