Austrian,Philosopher
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.
The limits of my language means the limits of my world.
If people never did silly things nothing intelligent would ever get done.
Never stay up on the barren heights of cleverness, but come down into the green valleys of silliness.
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.
Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language.
Logic takes care of itself; all we have to do is to look and see how it does it.
A confession has to be part of your new life.
Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present.
It seems to me that, in every culture, I come across a chapter headed 'Wisdom.' And then I know exactly what is going to follow: 'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.'
What can be shown, cannot be said.
A new word is like a fresh seed sown on the ground of the discussion.
Humor is not a mood but a way of looking at the world. So if it is correct to say that humor was stamped out in Nazi Germany, that does not mean that people were not in good spirits, or anything of that sort, but something much deeper and more important.
I sit astride life like a bad rider on a horse. I only owe it to the horse's good nature that I am not thrown off at this very moment.
Nothing is so difficult as not deceiving oneself.
Resting on your laurels is as dangerous as resting when you are walking in the snow. You doze off and die in your sleep.
A man will be imprisoned in a room with a door that's unlocked and opens inwards; as long as it does not occur to him to pull rather than push.
If a lion could talk, we could not understand him.
Logic is not a body of doctrine, but a mirror-image of the world. Logic is transcendental.
One often makes a remark and only later sees how true it is.
Like everything metaphysical the harmony between thought and reality is to be found in the grammar of the language.
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.
Man has to awaken to wonder - and so perhaps do peoples. Science is a way of sending him to sleep again.
Uttering a word is like striking a note on the keyboard of the imagination.
The real discovery is the one which enables me to stop doing philosophy when I want to. The one that gives philosophy peace, so that it is no longer tormented by questions which bring itself into question.
There are remarks that sow and remarks that reap.
A man's thinking goes on within his consciousness in a seclusion in comparison with which any physical seclusion is an exhibition to public view.
Don't get involved in partial problems, but always take flight to where there is a free view over the whole single great problem, even if this view is still not a clear one.
You get tragedy where the tree, instead of bending, breaks.
