Austrian,Actor
You don't really need modernity in order to exist totally and fully. You need a mixture of modernity and tradition.
What moves me is neither ethnocentric pride nor sectarian arrogance. I make no claim that Jewish culture is superior to other cultures. But it is mine.
I have always striven to raise the voice of hope for a world where hate gives way to respect and oppression to liberation.
For I firmly believe that Jewish life, indeed any communal life, can only be organized according to democratic principles.
In my mind the city of Ariel is a thorn in Israel's side and a serious obstacle to peace.
Epistemology is the study of knowledge. By what conduit do we know what we know?
I am filled with awe that filmmakers have the capacity to stir us and give us back a sense of wonder.
I am a universalist, passionately devoted to the cause of equality within the human family.
We Jews have a special attachment to the Book. The study of page after page in tomes yellowing with age was obligatory.
By showing hunger, deprivation, starvation and brutality, as well as endurance and nobility, documentaries inform, prod our memories, even stir us to action. Such films do battle for our very soul.
No doubt, unity is something to be desired, to be striven for, but it cannot be willed by mere declarations.
There is no role I cannot play except a midget.
In my world, history comes down to language and art. No one cares much about what battles were fought, who won them and who lost them - unless there is a painting, a play, a song or a poem that speaks of the event.
You learn more from the flops than from the hits.
Despite a large body of work in films, TV, theatre and concerts, I am viewed by many as a Jewish artist. I do not resent the label, except for the fact that I disapprove of labels in general.
After the advent of the written word, the masses who could not - or were not permitted to - read, were given sermons by the few who could.
Having come to live in this age is as though one were to have entered another country. Learn its language or risk being left out.
Although I am deeply grateful to a great many people, I forgo the temptation of naming them for fear that I might slight any by omission.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
Throughout my life I have cared as deeply about the songs of all peoples as I have about the rights of all peoples.
We live in a world of guns, bombs and terror. To conquer hate seems a nigh-impossible task.
I prefer to make common cause with those whose weapons are guitars, banjos, fiddles and words.
I am determined to give the Yiddish language a fighting chance to survive.
I do not know who there is among us that can claim to know God's purpose and God's intent.
I know for certain of only one commandment, one obligation, that God imposes upon us, and that is to be compassionate toward other human beings.
I am not a specialist but a general practitioner in the world of the arts.
I am a Zionist, an ardent supporter of Israel, its defender when I deem Israel to be right and its critic when I deem it to be wrong.
I am not, and have never been, in favor of boycotting Israel.
I refuse to do shows that are narrowly constructed, that appeal to only one sentiment. I do a lot of Jewish material in front of non-Jews and a lot of non-Jewish material in front of Jews on the simple theory that the non-Jews are entitled to a glimpse of a Jewish world and the Jews are entitled to a glimpse of the world.
I glory in the fact that a human being has multiple talents and exercises them all with a degree of integrity and artistic proficiency. That's what I do.
You cannot please all of the people all of the time, and that is truer in the arts than anywhere else.
I am first, and foremost, an actor. That's what I am. To me, a song is a mini-drama. My musical ability informs the actor as well because it gives me a sense of timing that non-musicians don't have. So, one hand washes the other.
It's a sad thing to contemplate, but I'm the last surviving cast member of 'The African Queen.'
I don't speak out because I am an actor nor will I keep silent because I am an actor. I respect my profession, but it endows me with no special privileges; but it also does not limit me or muzzle me. I am a person and a citizen with the attendant responsibilities of voice and vote.
'Visiting Mr. Green' is a good play. I enjoy being in it, and I have a wonderful colleague, Aidan deSalaiz, to work with. Audiences like it a lot. What's not to like?
Accents. I'm very good with accents. I'm exceedingly good.
An actor is supposed to emulate life. Instead, alas, many are imitating other actors. You don't fashion your knowledge of theatre or your approach to a role on the basis of what other actors have done. This kind of thinking is a great danger, especially in dealing with TV producers who frequently say things like, 'This is a Sean Connery type.'
'Retiring' - within that word is 'tiring,' and I'm not tired. I don't believe in retirement, really.
