Egyptian,Scientist
Unilateral preemption should not in any way be the model for how we conduct international relations.
Discipline is part of my professional training as a lawyer.
You don't get the fox to be in charge of the chicken coop. You don't give the outgoing regime - which has been practicing dictatorship, is an authoritarian system, it's a bunch of military people - the task of changing Egypt into a second republic, a new Egypt with democracy, freedom, rights, etc.
The globalization that has swept away the barriers to the movement of goods, ideas and people has also swept with it barriers that confined and localized security threats.
The global community has become irreversibly interdependent, with the constant movement of people, ideas, goods and resources.
I think one country with nuclear weapons is one country too many.
The gap between rich and poor is widening dramatically. There's a hangar at the Cairo airport for private jets, billionaires are on the Forbes list, and Egypt's annual per-capita income is two thousand dollars. How can you sustain that?
Your economic and social development is linked to the kind of regime you have.
Every country has the right to nuclear technology as long as they use it safely, peacefully and in a secure way.
Even with the best intentions, you can have a nuclear war, a nuclear holocaust, through miscalculation, through accidents.
I'm a lawyer. I go for due process; I go for fairness and equity - these values mean a lot to me.
As much as we Egyptians treasure our military, acting alone it cannot provide the legitimacy to lay the foundations for democracy.
Historically, Islam was hijacked about 20 or 30 years after the Prophet and interpreted in such a way that the ruler has absolute power and is accountable only to God. That, of course, was a very convenient interpretation for whoever was the ruler.
How can you run for president if you don't know the job description?
Libya is a good example of a country that has come to a realization that weapons of mass destruction threaten more than assure, and I hope that will be followed by others.
There is no religion that was founded on intolerance - and no religion that does not value the sanctity of human life.
Psychology is as important as substance. If you treat people with respect, they will go out of their way to accommodate you. If you treat them in a patronizing way, they will go out of their way to make your life difficult.
I argue that for every country to have an independent fuel cycle is the wrong way to go. Because any country which has a complete fuel cycle is a latent nuclear weapons country, in the sense that it is not far from making a nuclear weapon.
If we are addressing the issue of weapons of mass destruction, we need to send a uniform, consistent message that there is zero tolerance to any country who is developing weapons of mass destruction, North Korea included.
Iran's goal is not to become another North Korea - a nuclear weapons possessor but a pariah in the international community - but rather Brazil or Japan, a technological powerhouse with the capacity to develop nuclear weapons if the political winds were to shift, while remaining a nonnuclear weapons state.
People feel repressed by their own governments; they feel unfairly treated by the outside world; they wake up in the morning, and who do they see - they see people being shot and killed: all Muslims from Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia, Sudan, Darfur.
Challenging the integrity of the non-proliferation regime is a matter which can affect international peace and security.
If you have nothing to hide, there is no reason not to be transparent.
What I see in the Arab world, in Egypt, everywhere is increasing radicalization.
Israel claims it needs nuclear weapons as a deterrent against any threat to its existence. The Arab world in return feels that this is an imbalanced system; there is a sense of humiliation and impotence.
It is going to take a long time to switch Egypt into a democracy.
I hear that from so many different governments, people coming to me and saying, 'You should be careful'. But I don't want to go around with bodyguards.
We still live in a world where if you have nuclear weapons, you are buying power; you are buying insurance against attack.
If Egypt were going to change, it is going to change through the young people.
I cannot bear the responsibility for one drop of blood.
I couldn't have imagined that I would live long enough to see Egypt emancipated from decades of repression.
In my view, stability only comes with a government that is elected by the people and works for the people.
It's up to any government to decide how to react to the denial of basic human rights anywhere in the world, including Egypt.
The sooner we put Egypt on the right track, the sooner we would be able to have an Egypt that is modern, that is moderate, and that is acting as a beacon for freedom and liberty across the Arab world.
If a huge number of people call for change, the government will have to react. If you want to avoid uprisings, or demonstrations, you need to respond to the people's desperate need for change.
The Israelis should understand that it is in their long-term interest to have a democratic Egypt as a neighbor, and that it is prudent to acknowledge the legitimate interests of the Palestinians and to grant them their own state.
Egypt under Hosni Mubarak had deteriorated to the status of a failed state. We must wipe the slate clean and start again.
Democracy is more than a ballot box.
The dream of democracy has long been enshrined in the hearts of the Egyptian people. It only needed awakening.
Nuclear proliferation is on the rise. Equipment, material and training were once largely inaccessible. Today, however, there is a sophisticated worldwide network that can deliver systems for producing material usable in weapons.
The international community must do a better job of controlling the risks of nuclear proliferation. Sensitive parts of the nuclear fuel cycle - the production of new fuel, the processing of weapon-usable material, the disposal of spent fuel and radioactive waste - would be less vulnerable to proliferation if brought under multinational control.
Countries that perceive themselves to be vulnerable can be expected to try to redress that vulnerability - and in some cases, they will pursue clandestine weapons programs.
You can't, in the 21st century, continue to live in a system where people live under martial law for 30 years.
The U.S. is not the holder of truth.
In a democracy, when you get 20 million people in the street, you resign.
America is always a good target for a populist. In many countries, particularly authoritarian systems, if you want to get an extra bonus, you bash the Americans.
Nobody wants any country to have nuclear weapons.
I feel relieved that we discovered that Iraq did not have nuclear weapons.
Egypt needs to catch up with the rest of the world. We need to be free, democratic, and - society where people have the right to live in freedom and dignity.
I have, as you know, the utmost respect for President Obama as a person.
The Muslim Brotherhood is a religiously conservative group. They are a minority in Egypt. They are not a majority of the Egyptian people, but they have a lot of credibility because all the other liberal parties have been smothered for 30 years.
I have a lot of interests in global issues, as you know, humanity, inequity, arms control, and I continue to be active on all these issues.
I think people are distrustful of politicians and are looking for someone who is telling the truth with no hidden agenda.
We have lived for thousands of years together, Muslims and Christians; we are part of the same society.
Managing a country is like managing a company in many ways. It maybe involves more complicated issues, but it's the same skills.
It would be, in fact, very ominous if Iraq were to be able to get weapon-usable material, hydro-plutonium or highly enriched uranium from abroad.
Once in a while, I have to pinch myself to remind myself I am Nobel laureate, but that is not part of my work plan every day.
Iran has the technology to produce the highly enriched uranium, which is not automatically meaning nuclear weapon.
You will not really have durable peace without a proper security structure in the Middle East.
Whether weapons exist in Iraq, Saddam Hussein or post-Saddam Hussein, it is a serious enough issue that require that we continue to go and make sure that Iraq does not have weapons.
If a country is suspected of going nuclear, you need to understand why. Why does it feel insecure?
The U.S. engages with North Korea, so I don't see why they can't engage with Iran.
I'm not a grassroots organizer; that is clear. I believe in a division of labor. I'm not trained to organize the grassroots, and grassroots has to come from the grassroots.
You in the West have been sold the idea that the only options in the Arab world are between authoritarian regimes and Islamic jihadists. That's obviously bogus.
You need to form a grand coalition, and you need to put your ideological differences aside and work together to focus on people's basic needs. You can't eat sharia.
I grew up in a conservative household. That was the life of the time in Egypt: a conservative, middle-class household.
I guess law was always interesting to me because you deal with constants. I like to deal with constants, abstracts, constants and reason and ration, rational approaches to things. I don't know, I never really thought why I wanted to study law. But if you ask me whether I would do it again, absolutely.
You're shooting yourself in the foot if you isolate or disempower the moderates.
I'm not a good small talker. I'm not into small talk, frankly.
Barack Obama has injected fresh momentum into efforts - stalled for a decade - to bring about nuclear disarmament.
People talk about smart sanctions and crippling sanctions. I've never seen smart sanctions, and crippling sanctions cripple everyone, including innocent civilians, and make the government more popular.
I think the Egyptian people need to restore confidence that Americans, the U.S., means what they say when they talk about democracy, rule of law.
Young Egyptians, gazing through the windows of the Internet, have gained a keener sense than many of their elders of the freedoms and opportunities they lack. They have found in social media a way to interact and share ideas, bypassing, in virtual space, the restrictions placed on physical freedom of assembly.
My sister-in-law works for a group that supports orphanages in Cairo. She and her colleagues take care of children left behind by circumstances beyond their control. They feed these children, clothe them, and teach them to read.
Whether one believes in evolution, intelligent design, or Divine Creation, one thing is certain. Since the beginning of history, human beings have been at war with each other, under the pretext of religion, ideology, ethnicity and other reasons. And no civilization has ever willingly given up its most powerful weapons.
I lose my temper at home. I try to control my temper at work. Sometimes, if you are under a lot of pressure, you let off some steam, but I also try not to do that because it's unfair to my wife.
I worry about a democracy having nuclear weapons as much as a dictatorship having nuclear weapons.
Threat is in the eye of the beholder.
Music gives me a lot of peace, either classic music with its structure or the spontaneity of Miles Davis. It brings the best in you.
Everyone in the Middle East pretty much wants to come and be an American citizen, but pretty much everybody is angry with the U. S. foreign policy.
Democracy is not an instant coffee.
