American,Writer
Almost all the ideas we have about being a man or being a woman are so burdened with pain, anxiety, fear and self-doubt. For many of us, the confusion around this question is excruciating.
The executive branch maneuvered this result deftly.
It is true that women tend to be more identified with their bodies because in this crazy world, both men and women measure women's value as human beings in relationship to their physical appearance.
When you come together with your other half, you immediately experience a sense of wholeness and completeness.
To campaign against colonialism is like barking up a tree that has already been cut down.
A lot of people in spiritual life use the awareness of difference, and the spiritual glorification of difference, as a justification to indulge in that which is ultimately unreal.
I am already inherently full and complete as I am. Man doesn't need woman and woman doesn't need man in order to experience his or her inherent fullness.
I'm not convinced that what are traditionally considered to be male energies or qualities or female energies or qualities really have as much to do with gender as many people think they do.
I'm suspicious of any man or woman who approaches their own liberation with any kind of gender bias.
In my experience, men are not necessarily less sensitive or compassionate than women are, and women are not necessarily any less aggressive or competitive than men are - as a matter of fact, often they are more so!
Men are recognizing that they have been forced to conform to a very narrow and rather two-dimensional picture of maleness and manhood that they have never had the freedom to question.
Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.
One of the most extraordinary things about being a spiritual teacher is the rare privilege of being able to look deeply into the very souls of many human beings at the same time.
Our relationship to reality and to our experience is all based upon the ideas in our mind that we're always trying to live up to.
Our true nature is free of any and all notions of gender, of any notions of difference whatsoever.
The excitement that you were feeling about a special, unique path for yourself as a woman is all part of your identification with and attachment to being female. And that's ultimately all ego.
There's nothing tantric about my particular view on life.
We have been very conditioned by the cultures that we come from and are usually very identified with the particular gender that we happen to be a member of.
We have to be willing to give up all the injustices of the past that did exist - and that do exist right now. When we become interested in liberation, we then become interested in that which transcends time.
We really have to be willing to find out who we are instead of rebelling for the equal rights that we've been denied, that we do deserve.
We're making far too big a deal out of our sexual preferences. It's just another form of narcissism, and I think it can be a big problem and a tremendous obstacle.
What you're getting excited about is not A face, but a feminine face.
When a human being becomes so still that they begin to lose awareness of their gender, and they are simply looking into that abyss where there is no notion of self whatsoever, the world disappears. And that's really the only place to go. It's the only place to remain.
Freedom has no history.
Everybody wants to get enlightened but nobody wants to change.
Hopefully, America will really get a sense of how justice can be served in this country. And hopefully, they'll forget the Simpson trial.
