American,Writer
In times of crisis, different people react in different ways. Some might try to escape. Others might attempt to batten down the hatches and ride out the storm in a safe haven.
On some level, every story draws something from life experiences. Most of the time, it's just a matter of me pulling bits and pieces of my own past to help give characters or settings a little more life.
I definitely have a preference for writing anti-heroes and bad guys, especially when they have motivations that the average 'good' person can understand and get behind.
I don't want to be a slave to nostalgia.
When I was younger, my goal in life was to work in special FX makeup. Liquid latex and fake blood! That was the dream!
I wholeheartedly believe that super heroes can play in virtually any storytelling genre.
If I had my way, I'd love to see 'Wolverine' in a cosmic adventure all by his lonesome.
There are a lot of stories I remember with 'Wolverine.' 'Days of Future Past' is one that jumps out in my mind.
I've always liked telling stories. That probably came from my dad, who definitely had the gift of gab and who wove a kind of personal folklore about his youth - stories full of adventure and ghosts and wild antics.
I loved 'Lobo' in the '90s, but I think that character is hard to connect with, especially for new readers.
Reilly Brown is a master of balancing action, humor, and extreme violence, and his character designs for some of the alien races and technology that we encounter is just amazing.
I've been exposed to a ton of 'Magneto' stories over the years, and they all influence me.
I think 'Magneto' is definitely an anti-hero. He's fighting for the right thing, but his methods are far too extreme. He's not above breaking the law, stretching the limits of what is moral and putting evil to work for good.
'Magneto' is a tragic figure. He is a man who has stared right into the face of ultimate evil... and he was broken into pieces by what he saw. When he healed, he healed stronger, but he also never fully recovered.
'Magneto' believes that 'Cyclops' and 'Wolverine' both serve a good purpose. But he believes the help they provide only goes so far.
My hope is that each of the villains I write will have his or her own motivation that readers can understand, whether they agree or disagree.
I always liked 'Green Lantern,' but I wasn't necessarily a diehard fan. I read stories here and there when I came across them.
Writing 'Magneto' as part of a team took a little getting used to.
It's pretty simple, really: I love the X-Men. They were my favorite heroes when I was a kid. My dad and I collected X-Men comics together, and I know it would have made him proud to see me writing 'Uncanny X-Men.'
The great thing about writing 'Deadpool' is that he can demolish expectations and typical comic book conventions with monster truck force. There are few other characters who can transition so easily from one type of story to the next.
Deadpool's' probably pretty proud of his comic book hero physique.
As a writer, I feel like your favorite character shouldn't be safe.
You want fans to connect to the book, even movie fans. But if your sole purpose is to write towards a certain kind of fan, that way leads madness.
The goal is to write a story that you're proud of and hope the fans like it as well.
I kind of hate over-explanation in comics.
I figure if someone calls something a 'Draugr,' people can figure out that it's a monster or some sort of mythic creature, and if they want to know more, there's plenty of information out there about those mythic creatures.
