American,Writer
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
It takes an endless amount of history to make even a little tradition.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind.
There are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.
There are two kinds of taste, the taste for emotions of surprise and the taste for emotions of recognition.
Though there are some disagreeable things in Venice there is nothing so disagreeable as the visitors.
Under certain circumstances there are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.
Summer afternoon, summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language.
I've always been interested in people, but I've never liked them.
Life is a predicament which precedes death.
To criticize is to appreciate, to appropriate, to take intellectual possession, to establish in fine a relation with the criticized thing and to make it one's own.
Cats and monkeys; monkeys and cats; all human life is there.
We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.
A man who pretends to understand women is bad manners. For him to really to understand them is bad morals.
I adore adverbs; they are the only qualifications I really much respect.
The only reason for the existence of a novel is that it does attempt to represent life.
Live all you can; it's a mistake not to. It doesn't so much matter what you do in particular, so long as you have your life. If you haven't had that what have you had?
If I were to live my life over again, I would be an American. I would steep myself in America, I would know no other land.
It's a complex fate, being an American, and one of the responsibilities it entails is fighting against a superstitious valuation of Europe.
I hate American simplicity. I glory in the piling up of complications of every sort. If I could pronounce the name James in any different or more elaborate way I should be in favor of doing it.
Deep experience is never peaceful.
The right time is any time that one is still so lucky as to have.
It takes a great deal of history to produce a little literature.
In museums and palaces we are alternate radicals and conservatives.
Young men of this class never do anything for themselves that they can get other people to do for them, and it is the infatuation, the devotion, the superstition of others that keeps them going. These others in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred are women.
What is character but the determination of incident? What is incident but the illustration of character?
