American,Writer
You can't be unhappy in the middle of a big, beautiful river.
You can be in terrible shape, and if you take a three-hour walk through the forest and along the river, you're simply not the same as when you started out.
We are delightfully trapped by our memories. I can't drink a bottle of Chateauneuf-du-Pape Vieux Telegraphe without revisiting a hotel bistro in Luzerne, Switzerland, where I ate a large bowl of a peppery Basque baby goat stew. A sip and a bite. A bite and sip. Goose bumps come with the divine conjunction of food and wine.
Some people hear their own inner voices with great clearness. And they live by what they hear. Such people become crazy... or they become legend.
I like grit. I like love and death. I'm tired of irony.
I wrote 'Legends of the Fall' in nine days, but I had been thinking about it for a few years.
As a child, I was an obsessive reader, as was everybody in my family all winter long with my father. I think I was only 8 when I read Edward Gibbon's 'The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire.'
My favorite thing is just walking in the woods. I can do it for days on end without tiring of it.
After a lifetime of world travel I've been fascinated that those in the third world don't have the same perception of reality that we do.
Marriage is survived just on the basis of ordinary etiquette, day in and day out. Also cooking together helps a lot... I've seen all these marriages that failed. Those people are always hollering at each other. That doesn't work.
Poetry, at its best, is the language your soul would speak if you could teach your soul to speak.
If all I did was pretend I was Wilderness Jimmy, I would go stale. You know, I fish maybe 100 days of the year and bird-hunt, but if I didn't go to Paris once or twice a year, I'd be crazy.
If I can't be fishing or hunting, I want to be in the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
Age focuses you. You are much better concentrated. There's more time when you travel less, don't do book tours, avoid interviews or public appearances. You walk the dogs, fish, hunt, cook and write.
There is a neurologist, a woman over at Harvard who wanted me to come talk to them, and in France I have a lot of readers in the sciences. I can't tell you why.
Given free rein, our imagination can get infinite.
Your subconscious mind is trying to help you all the time. That's why I keep a journal - not for chatter but for mostly the images that flow into the mind or little ideas. I keep a running journal, and I have all of my life, so it's like your gold mine when you start writing.
I'm afraid that eating in restaurants reflects one's experiences with movies, art galleries, novels, music - that is, characterized by mild amusement but with an overall feeling of stupidity and shame. Better to cook for yourself.
I do mourn my characters. I wrote an essay once where I was sure that far back in a marsh there was a hummock - a little hill of hardwoods - and an old farm house, where all the heroines in my novels lived together with all my beloved dead dogs. I've discussed this with my therapist, naturally. He says it's okay in fair amounts.
I couldn't run a tight schedule, and if you're any good at teaching, you get sucked dry because you like your students and you're trying to help them, but you don't have any time left to write yourself.
Riesling? It smells like an intensive care ward.
Either you can do what others want, or you can do what you want to do. That's an easy call.
We are supposed to write poetry to keep the gods alive.
The idea is to eat well and not die from it - for the simple reason that that would be the end of your eating.
Everybody has a gun in their car in Detroit.
The old fun thing is when somebody typed up the first chapter of War and Peace. And then made a precis of the rest of it and sent it out and only one publisher recognized it.
Writing as a woman presents enormous problems but I have attempted it several times and haven't had many complaints.
Success and money can really be quite blinding.
I'm actually forced to write about Michigan because as a native of that state it's the place I know best.
Michigan is two radically different places - the North and the South which makes for good drama and contrast.
I've never felt influenced by Ernest Hemingway though I suppose there is something inevitable there.
The only advice I can give to aspiring writers is don't do it unless you're willing to give your whole life to it. Red wine and garlic also helps.
So when I made some money, I didn't have any idea how one handled such a situation because no one in our family ever had any money.
I got $30 from Nation magazine for a poem and $500 for my first book of poems.
Naturally we would prefer seven epiphanies a day and an earth not so apparently devoid of angels.
I think the trouble with artists or chefs who whine about criticism is that if you love the good reviews, you have to at least read the bad ones.
Sometimes literary critics review the book they wanted you to write, not the book you wrote, and that's very irksome.
My biggest pet peeve is when you go to a fine restaurant, and it's like a mausoleum inside. Good food should be joyful. There should be laughter and chatter, not people sitting there like they're in a funeral-parlor waiting room.
The big curse of America, to me, is skinless, boneless chicken breasts. They're banal and relatively flavorless. The rest of the world's trying to get some fat to eat, and we're trying to ban it from our diet.
If all I did was answer the correspondence I get, that would be my job.
Unlike a lot of writers, I don't have any craving to be understood.
I work every morning, all morning, sometimes in the afternoons. Then sometimes I hunt in the afternoons - quail, doves, grouse up north - but just to stay alive, because writers die from their lifestyle but also from their lack of movement.
Other than fishing and a little bird-hunting, all I do is write.
You do manage a somewhat religious attitude toward your art. It is a calling rather than a job.
I've never been a true fan of the short story and have only published a single example of my own.
What moves me most is style: the quality of the writing rather than the story being told.
I'm outdoors a lot, so I get dark. Guess who gets stopped? I've been pulled over, and they ask, 'Where are you from?' I say, 'Montana.' They say, 'Are you sure? And I say, 'I'm reasonably sure I'm from Montana, but you know, this is a dream life.' You start on this shtick with them and it's fun.
Whatever I learned reading 'Scientific American,' nothing can finally compete with your own observations.
I wasn't taking myself seriously as a novelist, and then it became my day job.
I don't trust anybody that doesn't do good work. I don't give them any credibility. If they can't write, why should I believe anything they have to say?
I couldn't read a screenplay without puking.
I've got a poem that's in a lot of international anthologies called 'After the Anonymous Swedish' and I thought, 'Well, I'm a Swede. I can make up a Swedish poem.' It turned out pretty good.
I've always been very much attracted to a character that's actually free.
The reviews are getting better, but they always do, in time, if you're still alive.
I can't stand the short story form, which, after all, is a magazine form.
When I write, I don't like to be around any humans.
There aren't any real dumb people in my voices. It's always irritated me about Hollywood dialogue - there's so much dialogue that would just bore a Ford mechanic. This is not how people talk.
Fiction writers tend to err either making people more than they are or less than they are. I'd rather err on the side of the former.
There's something frightening about finding a woman who would take your heart.
The person that was closest to me growing up was my sister, who died at 19. She was an incredibly powerful girl, deeply committed to art and literature.
I grew up in an agricultural family, and I never distanced myself from where the food comes from. I think it's quite natural.
I used to have this illusion that time and remote areas prepare you for the world. Our moms used to think that kind of thing. Well, it doesn't prepare you for the world at all!
I'm a time person. It's the one discipline I manage.
I admit to occasionally sharing the financial hysteria of the rest of the country, the urgency to save more for the family in case you can't write any more.
I've always been intemperate in my affection for food.
I don't feel tentative when I start to write. I've usually thought about a novel or novella for several years and created a lot of juice and density and energy by that time so by the time I get ready to go, I just let 'er fling, you know.
I became aesthetically obsessed with language. And 'literary artist' - poet and novelist - is a calling. You are called to it the way preachers are called to preaching the gospel.
The only durable sense of success is if you've followed your calling.
Between the two dream coasts, we're just called flyover country... If you aren't known as an amorphous Eastern Seaboard writer, you're dismissed as a regional author.
I don't want to go around like some kind of bleeding giant or whatever, or thinking I'm a big deal, because it doesn't help you do your work. I think people like Hemingway got into an awful lot of trouble that way.
I think about the sentence a long time, and then I write it. I don't revise it once it's set down.
Food is a great literary theme. Food in eternity, food and sex, food and lust. Food is a part of the whole of life. Food is not separate.
You have to temporarily be the character in order to understand him. It's sort of what they used to call 'shape-shifting.'
I don't think it matters how fast you write. It's how long you thought about it. I like to think of it as a well filling up. I think about it until the well is full, and then I let go.
Sometimes, discomfort is very uncomfortable. Anybody can get occasionally tired of it, and then it can change fast, where it's comfort that disturbs you.
I won't talk or deal with a young writer unless I sense he has utterly given his life over to it. It's a waste of my time. If they don't feel 'called' - why in God's name would you do this?
How is it macho that I like to hunt and fish? I've been doing it since I was four.
