British,Writer
We have been crafted by disaster to push out to the utmost horizon to find out what's on the other side of it. That's in our nature. What's also in our nature is a profound love and connection to our children and our communities. Those two things are very much at conflict with one another at certain moments.
It's always gratifying to hear that people are excited by something that you've been excited to make.
One of the things I love about working with my brother is that there's a commitment there - an unwavering commitment. From our basement in Illinois when I was three years old to Iceland on a frozen glacier with Matthew McConaughey and Matt Damon in spacesuits - there's a commitment to the pure spectacle, the pure cinema of it.
I'm a big gamer. I know the lead time and how long it takes to develop a game and how hard it is to get it right.
I consider my job as a screenwriter to pack a script with possibilities and ideas - to create a feast for the filmmaker to pick from.
I've always loved shows that combine both approaches - that have a mythology and a set of characters, whose stories develop and change, and where the relationships evolve and fracture.
I'm a big, big, big techno dork.
When you're doing a film called 'Interstellar,' at some point - the idea was to be grounded in the science as much as possible - but with a name like 'Interstellar,' you had better go somewhere big and bold.
Look at anyone's bookcase at home, no matter how modest, and you're going to find a book that contains wisdom or ideas or a language that's at least a thousand years old. And the idea that humans have created a mechanism to time travel, to hurl ideas into the future, it sort of bookends. Books are a time machine.
Wormholes don't exist because the only way they would exist is if they were seeded with exotic material created by an intelligence far beyond our own. Something would have to make one.
I believe we should be good custodians of the Earth.
I was a big Batman fan when I was a kid.
To me, Joss Whedon is a god. I'm just a huge fan of his work; I love his work on TV.
Wormholes are a gravitational phenomena. Or imaginary gravitational phenomena, as the case may be.
'Close Encounters of the Third Kind' ends with the spaceship lands and Richard Dreyfuss' character best on, but a bunch of pilots and sailors from the 1940s get off. You kind of wanted to know what happened next.
I'm fascinated by artificial intelligence.
My earliest memories are making little Super 8 films - or watching my brother make stop-motion space spectaculars.
I grew up watching 'Magnum, P.I.' and shows like that, where you could develop a character over eight seasons, with stories along the way.
With films, you get to develop a set of characters, and then, at the end of the film, you have to throw them away.
I love crime procedurals. I always have. I love cop shows.
I'm not a big fan of visual effects.
When you have a smartphone, the things that it can do are kind of ridiculous and terrifying.
I'm a big fan of the Mass Effect games, and that's all about social manipulation and observing people and alliances and relationships.
I'd grown up in the U.K., where the surveillance apparatus went into place in the 1970s in response to the Troubles with the IRA. When I was a kid, we moved to Chicago, and I was surprised to see you could live in a large city in which you didn't have cameras on every street corner.
People are fascinated, for whatever reason, by human drama, and the idea that cameras are capturing ambient stories.
In terms of long-term durable storage, the human mind, paradoxically, is pretty good, but it's very fragile.
