American,Writer
You'd think a sociopath assassin wouldn't have a fan following but he does.
Everyone spends their lives trying to balance their world between good and evil.
I feel that if you are blessed, or lucky enough, to be doing well, you should help others.
What happens in Vegas may stay in Vegas, but what happens in New Orleans, goes home with you.
I like conventions. I like meeting and greeting. I'm perched on that edge where I'm getting more attention than I quite know what to do with, though.
I love animals, always have, and it seemed natural to help the ASPCA. Animals have no voice of their own, so we have to be that voice.
It was just you had to be strong, and if you weren't strong you're a victim and you're not going to make it. That was the reality when I was growing up.
I wasn't like most girls.
I want a kiss to be so believable it gives the reader shivers.
Two things I do well in books are sex and violence, but I don't want gratuitous sex or violence. The sex and violence are only as graphic as need be. And never included unless it furthers the plot or character development.
I'm more influenced by my own interests than anyone else's. Writers have to entertain themselves, or they can't entertain anyone else.
I try not to worry about rewriting books that worked well the first time. I'm too busy writing new books to worry about things that are already in print.
I always treated writing as a profession, never as a hobby. If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
Readers respond to every genre intensely, if it's a genre that appeals to them. Again, who can say why anyone enjoys horror and dark fantasy? If I can't answer the question for myself, I wouldn't dream of trying to answer it for others.
What we prefer to read is sort of like sexual preference, you like what you like. Most of the time you have no clue why.
My writing style is very sensual, as in sensory detail.
When sex is necessary for the plot of a book, or a character development, then I don't shy away from it. Why should I?
Never argue with your characters; they know themselves better than you do.
If people would write exactly what I wanted to read I wouldn't feel so compelled to write myself.
You either mellow at 30, or your head explodes - take your choice.
The fey in this country keep to themselves, and are a separate nation, much like the American Indians, but with even more autonomy.
One of my rules is never explain. A writer is a lot like a magician, if you explain how the trick works then a lot of the magic turns mundane.
Some people just don't seem to understand the concept of fiction. It is fiction; it ain't true, folks.
I am a very linear thinker, so I write beginning to end. I write hundreds of pages per book that never make it into print.
My characters surprise me constantly. My characters are like my friends - I can give them advice, but they don't have to take it. If your characters are real, then they surprise you, just like real people.
I think that my vampires in general were influenced by my being allowed to watch the Hammer vampire films. Vampire Circus, also shown as Circus of Fear, was one of those movies.
