British,Writer
Virtue can only flourish among equals.
No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
Strengthen the female mind by enlarging it, and there will be an end to blind obedience.
The divine right of husbands, like the divine right of kings, may, it is hoped, in this enlightened age, be contested without danger.
Men and women must be educated, in a great degree, by the opinions and manners of the society they live in.
Make women rational creatures, and free citizens, and they will quickly become good wives; - that is, if men do not neglect the duties of husbands and fathers.
It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world.
Women are systematically degraded by receiving the trivial attentions which men think it manly to pay to the sex, when, in fact, men are insultingly supporting their own superiority.
The beginning is always today.
If women be educated for dependence; that is, to act according to the will of another fallible being, and submit, right or wrong, to power, where are we to stop?
Slavery to monarchs and ministers, which the world will be long freeing itself from, and whose deadly grasp stops the progress of the human mind, is not yet abolished.
Children, I grant, should be innocent; but when the epithet is applied to men, or women, it is but a civil term for weakness.
Women ought to have representatives, instead of being arbitrarily governed without any direct share allowed them in the deliberations of government.
Women are degraded by the propensity to enjoy the present moment, and, at last, despise the freedom which they have not sufficient virtue to struggle to attain.
It is time to effect a revolution in female manners - time to restore to them their lost dignity. It is time to separate unchangeable morals from local manners.
If the abstract rights of man will bear discussion and explanation, those of women, by a parity of reasoning, will not shrink from the same test.
I love my man as my fellow; but his scepter, real, or usurped, extends not to me, unless the reason of an individual demands my homage; and even then the submission is to reason, and not to man.
Surely something resides in this heart that is not perishable - and life is more than a dream.
Every political good carried to the extreme must be productive of evil.
Learn from me, if not by my precepts, then by my example, how dangerous is the pursuit of knowledge and how much happier is that man who believes his native town to be the world than he who aspires to be greater than his nature will allow.
The being cannot be termed rational or virtuous, who obeys any authority, but that of reason.
How can a rational being be ennobled by any thing that is not obtained by its own exertions?
In fact, it is a farce to call any being virtuous whose virtues do not result from the exercise of its own reason.
Independence I have long considered as the grand blessing of life, the basis of every virtue; and independence I will ever secure by contracting my wants, though I were to live on a barren heath.
Women have seldom sufficient employment to silence their feelings; a round of little cares, or vain pursuits frittering away all strength of mind and organs, they become naturally only objects of sense.
The same energy of character which renders a man a daring villain would have rendered him useful in society, had that society been well organized.
