American,Writer
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear.
The Amen of nature is always a flower.
To reach a port we must sail, sometimes with the wind, and sometimes against it. But we must not drift or lie at anchor.
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving: To reach the port of heaven, we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it - but we must sail, and not drift, nor lie at anchor.
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
Speak clearly, if you speak at all; carve every word before you let it fall.
Love prefers twilight to daylight.
But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.
The sound of a kiss is not so loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a great deal longer.
It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living.
To be seventy years young is sometimes far more cheerful and hopeful than to be forty years old.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
Truth is tough. It will not break, like a bubble, at a touch; nay, you may kick it about all day like a football, and it will be round and full at evening.
There is no friend like an old friend who has shared our morning days, no greeting like his welcome, no homage like his praise.
Fresh air is good if you do not take too much of it; most of the achievements and pleasures of life are in bad air.
Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend.
Most people are willing to take the Sermon on the Mount as a flag to sail under, but few will use it as a rudder by which to steer.
Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.
Controversy equalizes fools and wise men in the same way - and the fools know it.
A pun does not commonly justify a blow in return. But if a blow were given for such cause, and death ensued, the jury would be judges both of the facts and of the pun, and might, if the latter were of an aggravated character, return a verdict of justifiable homicide.
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
Truth, when not sought after, rarely comes to light.
Apology is only egotism wrong side out.
Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have - Cincinnati sounds worse.
A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Language is the blood of the soul into which thoughts run and out of which they grow.
Stupidity often saves a man from going mad.
A goose flies by a chart which the Royal Geographical Society could not mend.
I hate facts. I always say the chief end of man is to form general propositions - adding that no general proposition is worth a damn.
Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man's upper chamber, if he has common sense on the ground-floor. But if a man hasn't got plenty of good common sense, the more science he has, the worse for his patient.
A woman never forgets her sex. She would rather talk with a man than an angel, any day.
Our brains are seventy-year clocks. The Angel of Life winds them up once for all, then closes the case, and gives the key into the hand of the Angel of the Resurrection.
The man who is always worrying about whether or not his soul would be damned generally has a soul that isn't worth a damn.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else - very rarely to those who say to themselves, 'Go to, now, let us be a celebrated individual!'.
Grow we must, if we outgrow all that loves us.
Memories, imagination, old sentiments, and associations are more readily reached through the sense of smell than through any other channel.
Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than in the one where they sprang up.
Simple people... are very quick to see the live facts which are going on about them.
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth.
Memory is a net: one finds it full of fish when he takes it from the brook, but a dozen miles of water have run through it without sticking.
A few can touch the magic string, and noisy fame is proud to win them: Alas for those that never sing, but die with all their music in them!
Nothing is so common-place as to wish to be remarkable.
The real religion of the world comes from women much more than from men - from mothers most of all, who carry the key of our souls in their bosoms.
What a blessed thing it is, that Nature, when she invented, manufactured, and patented her authors, contrived to make critics out of the chips that were left!
