American,Writer
Without music, life is a journey through a desert.
The great thing about all my siblings is we all agree we had a horrendous childhood. It's not like it doesn't affect us now; it affects us every day, in everything we do.
A recipe is a story that ends with a good meal.
I loved my parents... but that can never change the fact that my father's violence ruined my childhood.
A novel is a great act of passion and intellect, carpentry and largess. From the very beginning, I wrote to explain my own life to myself, and I invited readers who chose to make the journey with me to join me on the high wire.
The most powerful words in English are 'Tell me a story,' words that are intimately related to the complexity of history, the origins of language, the continuity of the species, the taproot of our humanity, our singularity, and art itself.
I think I learned about the relationship between books and life from Margaret Mitchell.
There are other writers who try for subtle and minimalists effects, but I don't travel in that tribe.
I still get weepy when I see a father being nice to his child. It so affects me.
Every industry is going to be affected (by the aging population). This creates tremendous opportunities and tremendous challenges.
I've never cackled with laughter at a single line I've ever written. None of it has given me pleasure.
When I was 5 years old, my mother read me 'Gone With The Wind' at night, before I went to bed. I remember her reading almost all year.
I meet kids now who become novelists, poets, write for the theater and movies, who were simply inspired by what they saw during the Spoleto Festival.
I only hope to do well enough before I die to have a house as big as my rich Uncle Ed and Aunt Carole.
My father wouldn't let me take typing in childhood.
I still write in long hand. I type like a chimpanzee.
I never read my reviews... not even the good ones. Barbra Streisand once told me, if just one person in the audience doesn't applaud, it bothers her. I'm the same way. I'd be devastated to read that someone didn't like my work.
Writing has never been that simple for me.
I hated my father long before I knew there was a word for hate.
I don't believe in happy families.
Writing is more about imagination than anything else. I fell in love with words. I fell in love with storytelling.
I love books about treks and journeys into the unknown.
I wrote a piece for the school literary magazine that now makes me think: 'My God in Heaven, this is just the worst drivel.'
It's an article of faith that the novels I've loved will live inside me forever.
I became a novelist because of 'Gone With the Wind,' or more precisely, my mother raised me up to be a 'Southern' novelist, with a strong emphasis on the word 'Southern' because 'Gone With the Wind' set my mother's imagination ablaze when she was a young girl growing up in Atlanta.
I think that my mother, Frances Dorothy Peck, modeled her whole life on that of Scarlett O'Hara.
