American,Writer
The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words.
We live in a society in which spurious realities are manufactured by the media, by governments, by big corporations, by religious groups, political groups. I ask, in my writing, 'What is real?' Because unceasingly we are bombarded with pseudo realities manufactured by very sophisticated people using very sophisticated electronic mechanisms.
I want to write about people I love, and put them into a fictional world spun out of my own mind, not the world we actually have, because the world we actually have does not meet my standards.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
This, to me, is the ultimately heroic trait of ordinary people; they say no to the tyrant and they calmly take the consequences of this resistance.
When I believe, I am crazy. When I don't believe, I suffer psychotic depression.
I am a fictionalizing philosopher, not a novelist.
I am basically analytical, not creative; my writing is simply a creative way of handling analysis.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
Strange how paranoia can link up with reality now and then.
The trouble with being educated is that it takes a long time; it uses up the better part of your life and when you are finished what you know is that you would have benefited more by going into banking.
Science fiction writers, I am sorry to say, really do not know anything. We can't talk about science, because our knowledge of it is limited and unofficial, and usually our fiction is dreadful.
Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error of judgment.
Don't try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.
The core of my writing is not art but truth.
I am one of the elect, one of the few in the know, in the gnosis.
The Martians are always coming.
I dreamed: I am the fish whose flesh is eaten, and because I am fat, it is good.
The universe is information and we are stationary in it, not three dimensional and not in space or time.
