American,Writer
I have an unusual hobby: I collect pictures of people I don't know. It started when I was a kid growing up in South Florida, the land of junk stores, garage sales, and flea markets, as a kind of coping mechanism.
Just keep saying yes to everything - until you can afford to say no.
I happen to collect the weird stuff - photos that make the hair on the back of your neck stand up a little. The uncanny.
Every snapshot collector has obsessions. Some only collect photos of cars. Others like World War II, or babies, or old-timey girls in old-timey swimsuits. I happen to collect the weird stuff: photos that make the hair on the back of your neck stand up a little. The uncanny.
I think 'Hollow City' only took a year and a half to write... but it felt like two and a half!
The undiscovered places that are interesting to me are these places that contain bits of our disappearing history, like a ghost town.
You find a lot of junk when you're searching through lost and tossed photo ephemera, but every so often you'll find a gem, a wallet-sized masterpiece you're certain could hang on the wall of a gallery if only someone with a name had taken it. Find one or two of those and you're hooked for life.
Fairy tales and folk tales are part of the DNA of all stories and great fun to write.
I had some great English teachers. One of my favorite - her name was Linda Janoff - was wonderful and so irreverent and so smart and encouraging.
Los Angeles, which is where I live, happens to be a great place for junk. People have a lot of it, and they sell it and trade it: At these big swap meets, many, many hundreds of dealers of junk will descend upon a football field on a Saturday and sell all their stuff.
Woodcuts have a really timeless sort of feel, and they feel like a book that's a couple hundred years old.
You'll find a lot of rich detail in people's personal histories - diaries and journals and things of the era.
It was at a big swap meet that I discovered you could buy other people's old discarded family photos and vacation pictures for pretty cheap - a quarter, 50 cents, five bucks for a really nice one.
I fell in love with London and one particular era in London.
I don't want to ever write a book that seems like it's pandering to younger people or talking down to people who I know are very smart.
I write the books to amuse myself.
I think my background in film taught me that a great book adaptation is not always slavishly faithful to the source material.
I try to imagine the scenes as I'm writing them as if I were watching them play like a film.
I went to film school, trained as a director, have made a lot of movies, and taken a lot of photographs, so I tend to envision things spatially. As I'm working, I need to have a map of the space. I need to know what's happening in all corners simultaneously.
Just the textures of things are really important to me as I'm writing; I think atmospherics and visuals can have such emotional impact if you can harness the thematic thread between how scenes look and how your characters feel. I like to tug on that thread.
The end of 'Hollow City' left the peculiar children in a very precarious spot, and that's just where 'Library of Souls' begins.
It was painful, but I really wanted to get 'Hollow City' right, and I'm glad I put in the time because I'm really proud of it.
'Library of Souls' is longer than 'Hollow City' by a considerable margin, but this time I was on the right track from the beginning, so I never had to start over. It took about 15 months, all told.
I wanted to create characters who could do fantastic things but who weren't exactly superheros - characters who exist on sort of a spectrum from super-ability to disability.
Creepy is better than just plain scary because you can't look away from creepy - you want to know the truth!
I loved the 'Chronicles of Narnia.'
