English,Writer
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.
Never look backwards or you'll fall down the stairs.
If you can keep your wits about you while all others are losing theirs, and blaming you. The world will be yours and everything in it, what's more, you'll be a man, my son.
A woman is only a woman, but a good cigar is a smoke.
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.
The silliest woman can manage a clever man; but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool.
When you're wounded and left on Afghanistan's plains, and the women come out to cut up what remains, jest roll to your rifle and blow out your brains and go to your gawd like a soldier.
If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They.
He wrapped himself in quotations - as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors.
The first condition of understanding a foreign country is to smell it.
I have struck a city - a real city - and they call it Chicago... I urgently desire never to see it again. It is inhabited by savages.
Borrow trouble for yourself, if that's your nature, but don't lend it to your neighbours.
We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone, and so hold on when there is nothing in you except the will which says to them: 'Hold on!'
For the sin they do by two and two they must pay for one by one.
It's clever, but is it Art?
Asia is not going to be civilized after the methods of the West. There is too much Asia and she is too old.
Small miseries, like small debts, hit us in so many places, and meet us at so many turns and corners, that what they want in weight, they make up in number, and render it less hazardous to stand the fire of one cannon ball, than a volley composed of such a shower of bullets.
A man's mind is wont to tell him more than seven watchmen sitting in a tower.
If I were hanged on the highest hill, Mother o' mine, O mother o' mine! I know whose love would follow me still Mother o' mine, O mother o' mine!
He travels the fastest who travels alone.
And the first rude sketch that the world had seen was joy to his mighty heart, till the Devil whispered behind the leaves 'It's pretty, but is it Art?'
A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty.
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble.
