American,Writer
I'm a big believer in living life as an extended working vacation.
Taking B12 is the price of getting to be vegan, the way wearing a helmet is the price of getting to ride a motorcycle and giving up alcohol for nine months is the price of getting to have a baby.
Recreational shopping is the shortest distance between two points: you and broke.
The idea that everything is purposeful really changes the way you live. To think that everything that you do has a ripple effect, that every word that you speak, every action that you make affects other people and the planet.
Because love encompasses everything, nothing is unimportant, including tonight's dinner menu. Think about it for a minute. If you were pure love, the loving parent of all life, how would you want people to eat?
Your body has something in the neighborhood of 40 trillion cells - quite a consulting committee. Call on it when you're confused or undecided. Relax quietly and ask your body what it has to say.
As I see it, a green salad is an open invitation to carrots, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, and the sprouts that grow in jars on my kitchen counter.
By itself, tofu is like wet foam rubber, but you'd no more eat it by itself and expect fine dining than you would stare at a blank canvas and expect to see fine art.
There are some things that money can't buy: peace of mind, for starters, and lean muscle mass. Neither the Queen of England nor the founder of Microsoft can put in an order for either one.
Beauty at 70 years old isn't the same as beauty at 20 years old, but it is stunning nonetheless.
My most firmly held value is what Albert Schweitzer termed 'reverence for life.' I take this seriously; many would say that because I extend it to nonhumans, I take it too far.
You're supposed to be using your gifts and fulfilling your dreams, at every age.
The idea that somebody else is going to swoop down and play the fairy godmother role is pretty unlikely, so why not take care of yourself?
Moderation is actually the flip side of dieting, that is, imposed deprivation.
I'm not perfect, but what's wonderful about eating a plant-based diet is, I don't have to be.
'Make your plate look like a Christmas tree,' I tell people, 'mostly green with splashes of other bright colors.'
Every year when I put away my winter clothes and get out my summer clothes, they fit. And I haven't been on a diet since the Reagan administration.
Evolution happens in nature and in individuals. I want to participate actively in its happening within me.
I have to strive to go two steps forward and realize that, sometimes, there will be one step back.
What I have to work with is the life that's ahead of me right this minute.
I need a spiritual connection - I can make changes, but I can't make miracles - and I need people around me who'll support me and believe in me and tell me the truth and not let me deceive myself into avoiding the what's scary and hard and necessary.
I'm over the hill, maybe even the whole mountain range, but I don't see it that way even one little bit.
I was a fat kid who didn't discover the joys of active play at the time of life when we're supposed to be imprinted with a love of movement. That means that I'd rather be called for jury duty than go to the gym, but I go anyway.
When it comes to literal nourishment, the food we eat, life begets life.
I could be a vegan in sackcloth and flip-flops, but I find fabulous boots with periwinkle cuffs a far preferable option.
On the issue of abortion, I'm ever on the fence, or, at most, an inch or two to either side.
