American,Writer
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing.
The manager accepts the status quo; the leader challenges it.
The manager has his eye on the bottom line; the leader has his eye on the horizon.
Excellence is a better teacher than mediocrity. The lessons of the ordinary are everywhere. Truly profound and original insights are to be found only in studying the exemplary.
Leaders are people who do the right thing; managers are people who do things right.
There are two ways of being creative. One can sing and dance. Or one can create an environment in which singers and dancers flourish.
People who cannot invent and reinvent themselves must be content with borrowed postures, secondhand ideas, fitting in instead of standing out.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
Leaders keep their eyes on the horizon, not just on the bottom line.
Good leaders make people feel that they're at the very heart of things, not at the periphery.
Great things are accomplished by talented people who believe they will accomplish them.
The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. This myth asserts that people simply either have certain charismatic qualities or not. That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true. Leaders are made rather than born.
Learning in a face-to-face human community, as humans have evolved to do over hundreds of thousands of years, may always be the ideal - especially in an endeavor that is as relationship-driven as business.
Becoming a leader is synonymous with becoming yourself. It is precisely that simple, and it is also that difficult.
The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment.
The manager has a short-range view; the leader has a long-range perspective.
Leaders should always expect the very best of those around them. They know that people can change and grow.
Create a compelling vision, one that takes people to a new place, and then translate that vision into a reality.
The manager asks how and when; the leader asks what and why.
Failing organizations are usually over-managed and under-led.
Leaders know the importance of having someone in their lives who will unfailingly and fearlessly tell them the truth.
Find the appropriate balance of competing claims by various groups of stakeholders. All claims deserve consideration but some claims are more important than others.
The primary goal of management education was, as originally conceived, to impart knowledge that could be applied to a variety of real-world business situations.
Leadership has become a heavy industry. Concern and interest about leadership development is no longer an American phenomenon. It is truly global. Though I will probably be in less demand, I wanted to move on.
As my blog editor knows all too well, I wasn't all that keen to enter the blogosphere world.
