American,Writer
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.
A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.
Great minds have purposes; others have wishes.
They who drink beer will think beer.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
There is a serene and settled majesty to woodland scenery that enters into the soul and delights and elevates it, and fills it with noble inclinations.
Rising genius always shoots out its rays from among the clouds, but these will gradually roll away and disappear as it ascends to its steady luster.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, shall win my love.
There is in every woman's heart a spark of heavenly fire which lies dormant in the broad daylight of prosperity, but which kindles up and beams and blazes in the dark hour of adversity.
Christmas is a season for kindling the fire for hospitality in the hall, the genial flame of charity in the heart.
I am always at a loss at how much to believe of my own stories.
Young lawyers attend the courts, not because they have business there, but because they have no business.
The idol of today pushes the hero of yesterday out of our recollection; and will, in turn, be supplanted by his successor of tomorrow.
There is in every true woman's heart, a spark of heavenly fire, which lies dormant in the broad daylight of prosperity, but which kindles up and beams and blazes in the dark hour of adversity.
A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all.
One of the greatest and simplest tools for learning more and growing is doing more.
The sorrow for the dead is the only sorrow from which we refuse to be divorced. Every other wound we seek to heal - every other affliction to forget: but this wound we consider it a duty to keep open - this affliction we cherish and brood over in solitude.
The natural principle of war is to do the most harm to our enemy with the least harm to ourselves; and this of course is to be effected by stratagem.
An inexhaustible good nature is one of the most precious gifts of heaven, spreading itself like oil over the troubled sea of thought, and keeping the mind smooth and equable in the roughest weather.
The tongue is the only tool that gets sharper with use.
Those men are most apt to be obsequious and conciliating abroad, who are under the discipline of shrews at home.
He is the true enchanter, whose spell operates, not upon the senses, but upon the imagination and the heart.
There is certain relief in change, even though it be from bad to worse! As I have often found in traveling in a stagecoach, that it is often a comfort to shift one's position, and be bruised in a new place.
A tart temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.
