American,Politician
In fact, the converse is true: At a time when the United States has been called on for a level of moral leadership, vision and inspiration not seen since World War II, we cannot afford to dissemble about crimes against humanity.
The legacy of the Armenian Genocide is woven into the fabric of America.
If giving points to some students to achieve greater diversity is a quota system in violation of the Constitution, how can the awarding of points to the children of a less diverse alumni be upheld?
So let us call genocide, genocide. Let us not minimize the deliberate murder of 1.5 million people. Let us have a moral victory that can shine as a light to all nations.
Each year on the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s birth, America has the opportunity to reflect on our nation's progress towards the realization of his dream.
Although every step must be taken to protect against a chemical or biological attack in America, our nation would survive the use of those weapons as we did when anthrax was mailed to our Capitol and other targets.
It is now conventional wisdom that Americans do not care why we went to war in Iraq, that it is enough that the world is better off without Saddam Hussein.
Unquestionably, the world is better off without Saddam.
But it is equally incontrovertible that if our intelligence gathering process is seriously flawed, we had better find out and find out fast if we are to avoid another Sept. 11.
The war in Iraq has been extremely divisive here at home, and has also divided the world community.
Our failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq thus far has been deeply troubling, and our intelligence-gathering process needs thorough and unbiased investigation.
Much has changed since the end of the Cold War that augurs well for the survival of our nation.
The new century has brought on its own terrible dangers, which although not reaching the apocalyptic potential of the Cold War, still have the capacity to shake our world.
We must either reduce the number of our engagements or increase the number of our troops.
The prompt assimilation of that intelligence will be essential if we are to avoid another September 11th.
An America that inspires hope in its ideals must complement an America that inspires awe in its strength.
Democracies are poor breeding grounds for terrorism and war.
We will not let terrorists change our way of life; we will not live in fear; and we will not undermine the civil liberties that characterize our Democracy.
Americans are blessed with great plenty; we are a generous people and we have a moral obligation to assist those who are suffering from poverty, disease, war and famine.
America has a critical role to play as the most powerful member of the world community.
And in this community, as in all others, the Golden Rule still applies - we must be act toward other nations as we would have them act towards America.
Unless action is taken soon - unless we can display the same vision of that earlier period - we will lose the treasure of California's open space and environmental beauty.
While our country has made great strides in breaking down the barriers which for so long denied equal opportunity to all Americans, we are not yet the beautiful symphony of brotherhood of Dr. King's dream.
Neither the University of Michigan nor its law school uses a quota system.
At the very top state institutions, like UCLA, Berkeley and the University of Texas, however, the trend of downward minority enrollment remains persistent and discouraging.
But even race-neutral policies and recruitment efforts designed to achieve greater diversity are, in the end, not race neutral.
