American,Politician
It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts.
Do you know the difference between a beautiful woman and a charming one? A beauty is a woman you notice, a charmer is one who notices you.
You can tell the size of a man by the size of the thing that makes him mad.
Communism is the death of the soul. It is the organization of total conformity - in short, of tyranny - and it is committed to making tyranny universal.
A hypocrite is the kind of politician who would cut down a redwood tree, then mount the stump and make a speech for conservation.
I'm not an old, experienced hand at politics. But I am now seasoned enough to have learned that the hardest thing about any political campaign is how to win without proving that you are unworthy of winning.
Freedom rings where opinions clash.
Man is a strange animal. He generally cannot read the handwriting on the wall until his back is up against it.
To act coolly, intelligently and prudently in perilous circumstances is the test of a man - and also a nation.
As citizens of this democracy, you are the rulers and the ruled, the law-givers and the law-abiding, the beginning and the end.
If the Republicans will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.
Your days are short here; this is the last of your springs. And now in the serenity and quiet of this lovely place, touch the depths of truth, feel the hem of Heaven. You will go away with old, good friends. And don't forget when you leave why you came.
Those who corrupt the public mind are just as evil as those who steal from the public purse.
Communism is the corruption of a dream of justice.
On the plains of hesitation lie the blackened bones of countless millions who at the dawn of victory lay down to rest, and in resting died.
Ignorance is stubborn and prejudice is hard.
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
On this shrunken globe, men can no longer live as strangers.
We travel together, passengers on a little spaceship, dependent on its vulnerable reserves of air and soil, all committed, for our safety, to its security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work and the love we give our fragile craft.
You know, you really can't beat a household commodity - the ketchup bottle on the kitchen table.
An Independent is someone who wants to take the politics out of politics.
The hardest thing about any political campaign is how to win without proving that you are unworthy of winning.
We can chart our future clearly and wisely only when we know the path which has led to the present.
The best reason I can think of for not running for President of the United States is that you have to shave twice a day.
The first principle of a free society is an untrammeled flow of words in an open forum.
After four years at the United Nations I sometimes yearn for the peace and tranquility of a political convention.
We have confused the free with the free and easy.
I think that one of the most fundamental responsibilities is to give testimony in a court of law, to give it honestly and willingly.
Some people approach every problem with an open mouth.
The time to stop a revolution is at the beginning, not the end.
Accuracy to a newspaper is what virtue is to a lady; but a newspaper can always print a retraction.
I have tried to talk about the issues in this campaign... and this has sometimes been a lonely road, because I never meet anybody coming the other way.
That which seems the height of absurdity in one generation often becomes the height of wisdom in another.
I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my Republican friends... that if they will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.
Newspaper editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then print the chaff.
What a man knows at fifty that he did not know at twenty is for the most part incommunicable.
Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.
A politician is a statesman who approaches every question with an open mouth.
We mean by 'politics' the people's business - the most important business there is.
The whole basis of the United Nations is the right of all nations - great or small - to have weight, to have a vote, to be attended to, to be a part of the twentieth century.
Laws are never as effective as habits.
Journalists do not live by words alone, although sometimes they have to eat them.
The journey of a thousand leagues begins with a single step. So we must never neglect any work of peace within our reach, however small.
Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy; and when we lose faith in the system, we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for.
