American,Politician
There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism.
There are seasons in every country when noise and impudence pass current for worth; and in popular commotions especially, the clamors of interested and factious men are often mistaken for patriotism.
I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
I think the first duty of society is justice.
Real liberty is neither found in despotism or the extremes of democracy, but in moderate governments.
A promise must never be broken.
Unless your government is respectable, foreigners will invade your rights; and to maintain tranquillity, it must be respectable - even to observe neutrality, you must have a strong government.
To all general purposes we have uniformly been one people, each individual citizen everywhere enjoying the same national rights, privileges, and protection.
It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government.
Learn to think continentally.
The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased or obscured by mortal power.
Real firmness is good for anything; strut is good for nothing.
Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.
Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of man will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice without constraint.
Constitutions should consist only of general provisions; the reason is that they must necessarily be permanent, and that they cannot calculate for the possible change of things.
Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of men will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice, without constraint.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
The voice of the people has been said to be the voice of God; and, however generally this maxim has been quoted and believed, it is not true to fact. The people are turbulent and changing, they seldom judge or determine right.
You should not have taken advantage of my sensibility to steal into my affections without my consent.
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place, oblige it to control itself.
In politics, as in religion, it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword. Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution.
The honor of a nation is its life.
The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased.
The inquiry constantly is what will please, not what will benefit the people. In such a government there can be nothing but temporary expedient, fickleness, and folly.
Men are rather reasoning than reasonable animals, for the most part governed by the impulse of passion.
