Russian,Politician
Bill Gates finds people in Russia to hire them to Microsoft. That's the Russian interest in this process.
During the election in 1989, there was the first Soviet election with alternative candidates to local government. I myself arranged special training for them.
Each university should have a Young Scholars' Committee. I became the chairman of this Committee, and immediately it was permitted to have this plan officially adopted.
For the producers, there was no reason to produce. You get money, but you couldn't use this money. For consumers, you could have money, but you have no way to use it because you go to the shop and see nothing.
For the whole of Western Europe, I know the business community quite good.
I am joining the government not from the academic position but from St. Petersburg city council.
I don't think Russia will follow the United States's way. I don't think Russia will follow the French way. I'm sure Russia will find its own way.
I joined the city government, and we start to operate as the bureaucrats on the local level, so we were the only ones in the whole Russian team who were experienced in practical bureaucratic management in the complicated condition of 1990.
I went to government for making these changes. I remember a number of guys among these important figures.
I'm communicating with the directors of the Soviet companies, and I see that it is wrong, but when I go to the official discussions, they discuss we should change the color of the walls.
If I just produce the transparent ideal accepted by the Western experts, a process of privatization which will be very good but never happen, that means nothing.
In 1995 the whole political situation was very complicated. I was the first deputy prime minister, and at the same time I had very low influence in the government.
It was almost forbidden in the Soviet Union to study the New Economic Policy.
Killing the private property-that was the center of the Marxist economy and Marxist ideology. That was the center of the Lenin ideology.
Money is the kind of instrument which is very speedily produced.
Private property is a very fundamental and very long-term institution.
Russia should support globalization. The Internet can develop in Russia in a very speedy way.
The Bolsheviks started not just on the killing of private property; they were trying to abolish money itself.
The directors thought, They understand nothing in the real economy, in real life. They read some stupid books, and they came from the moon to the earth, and maybe in one month they will disappear.
The diversification of the people's demand could not be followed by the state apparatus.
The kind of capitalism I hate most is crony capitalism, the friends who decide. These are things which should be killed in Russia.
The red directors were one of the main political forces. Another force was the former Soviet ministers who lost everything because of the transformation of the Soviet Union to Russia.
There are no two countries with the same style of economic mechanism, with the same capitalism.
There is a state that is able to understand the demand in the economy. That state should use prices as an instrument for implementation of this understanding.
There was no doubt that sooner or later we will fight. But we will fight not in the way of the dissidents' protests. We understood that we needed to be as professional as possible.
There was the scientific and technical progress which couldn't be predicted by the state.
