American,Politician
The death penalty is discriminatory and does not do anything about crime.
It is virtually impossible to compete in today's global economy without a college degree.
Studies have shown that inmate participation in education, vocational and job training, prison work skills development, drug abuse, mental health and other treatment programs, all reduce recidivism, significantly.
And what is needed to prevent them from joining gangs was ample recreation for boys as well as girls, jobs and internships for training and money, and assistance to allow their families to live in decent homes.
Present law has a process to ascertain whether or not a patient is in a persistent vegetative state, and it should not matter what politicians think.
No one should be denied the opportunity to get an education and increase their earning potential based solely on their inability to pay for a college education.
In the Brown decision, the United States Supreme Court unanimously struck down the legal and moral footing of racially segregated public education in this country.
We can be more inclusive.
There is nothing Federal about local volunteer fire departments.
The most money we have ever been able to get appropriated for the juvenile justice bills was $55 million a year, about one-tenth of what was necessary.
We can play politics, or we can reduce crime.
Giving a 10-year mandatory minimum for a second offense fist fight is not going to reduce the chance that someone will be stabbed 16 times when you are not funding any of the programs that are desperately needed to actually reduce juvenile crime.
Mandatory minimums have been shown to be discriminatory and waste the taxpayers' money.
We live in an information and knowledge-based economy.
The first year of the Bush administration we used up all of the surplus and ended up just with the Social Security and Medicare surplus, and each year worse than the year before.
I think we should worry about Social Security first and then tax cuts second.
Obviously, there has to be a profound change in direction. Otherwise, interest on the national debt will start eating up virtually every penny that we have.
While there are many obstacles that deter students from going to college, finances by no means should be the deciding factor.
The Federal prison population has increased more than 7-fold over the past 20 years.
Unfortunately, the elimination of incentives such as parole, good time credits and funding for college courses, means that fewer inmates participate in and excel in literacy, education, treatment and other development programs.
If we increase spending, we have got to raise taxes or any combination.
One of the problems with even suggesting that purpose of a Federal law is for law enforcement officers to assist in protecting the public outside their jurisdictions is that it may give them encouragement or even a sense of obligation to do so.
It is difficult to overstate the importance of the Civil Rights Act.
We can fight Big Industry.
We can continue our progress as a Nation toward the promise that all people are created equal and that our Nation will treat every person in that spirit.
Each year over 2,500 commercial vessels enter the Port of Hampton Roads alone, so adequate funding for port security is a significant issue for those of us who live in Richmond and Hampton Roads.
