American,Politician
We have overcome economic devastation, defeated mighty oppressors, and lifted up generation after generation of Americans. We can - and we will - do it again. For that is our birthright as members of the American family - white, black, Hispanic, Asian, immigrant, or descendant of the Founding Fathers themselves.
For me, public service is an honor, and I have the ultimate respect for the rule of law.
We must remind Americans that the promise of opportunity remains unbroken - that every person in this great nation can succeed through hard work, courage and personal responsibility.
My children don't look Hispanic.
I know that many students take personal responsibility for their education and succeed as a result. I want them to know they are not alone - that Nevada's system can and will support them.
It's no accident that the fastest growing states with the best economies are all led by Republican governors.
Fiscally I'm very conservative... others say that I'm socially moderate.
I'm a strong supporter of states' rights to do what they need.
Unemployment, foreclosures, bankruptcy - the cure is not more government spending, but helping businesses create jobs.
As governor, part of my job is to tell people things they don't like to hear.
Changing course is never easy.
When you talk about a 'broad-based business tax,' that's a pretty broad term. I don't know what that means. But it's not something I would be supportive of.
I am proud of my heritage and my family.
I don't think it's any secret I've never been an advocate for the Affordable Care Act.
People have their constitutional right to contribute to a campaign and if they have discretionary money that they want to contribute to a candidate, whether a Republican or a Democrat, they should be able to do so.
Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life.
My first job was cleaning sheep pens.
Nevada was hit hardest by the recession - highest unemployment, highest foreclosure rate, highest bankruptcy rate.
My father was one of ten children.
I worked my way through law school.
Racial profiling is illegal, and I do not support it.
I do not support driver's licenses for undocumented immigrants.
In 1984, Nevada Senator Paul Laxalt gave me the opportunity of a lifetime to serve as a legislative intern in his office in Washington, D.C. Coming from humble beginnings, the experience changed my life and charted me on a path of public service.
Nevada is a little different than most states. We only meet every other year in the legislature. So it's very important to have good relationships on both sides of the aisle... I have to have those relationships.
I was elected to solve problems, and I don't think it's conservative to have bad roads; I don't think it's conservative to have bad schools. I don't think it's conservative to have to go through budget crises every two years. So I'm taking the difficult issues straight on. That's what I was elected to do.
Fiscally, I'm very conservative... others say that I'm socially moderate. As a former judge, I listen to all the facts, and I make a decision as to what I believe is in the best interest of the state.
