American,Politician
The threat of terrorism is not stronger than the will of the American people.
Now, so, if you want to blame someone for wasteful spending, the Republicans are in the majority.
While Social Security faces some long-term challenges, the system is not in crisis.
The President's proposed privatization plan would jeopardize that security by cutting guaranteed benefits for future retirees and endangering the benefits of current retirees, people with disabilities, and children who have lost a parent.
I will work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to preserve the Social Security promise that provides secure retirement benefits for all, especially those who are most at risk such as widows, orphans, and people with disabilities when the need arises.
Without Social Security, poverty rates for African American seniors would more than double.
Democracy derailed is democracy denied.
But if they want to really think about the fiscal future of this country, then think about how we have moved from hundreds of billions of surpluses to hundreds of billions of deficits.
Now we are raising the debt limit 3 times, up to $8 trillion, so that our children and our grandchildren will have to pay for the cost of our expenditures.
Because when we think about the real facts: 44 million Americans without health insurance, millions without jobs, a 50-year high on mortgage foreclosures, an historic high the third year in a row on personal bankruptcies.
This program that the Republican majority has taken us toward as a country is leading us to fiscal bankruptcy.
There are no problems that exist in the District that have been solved elsewhere in the country. Whatever problems exist in this city exist other places.
Bush has never sent over a balanced budget.
When Bill Clinton was in town, he sent over a balanced budget.
But the point you need to know is that no president at war cut taxes $1.5 trillion, like Bush did.
The Republican Party is in charge. They've been charge of the Congress and spending for 10 years.
There's not an appropriations bill in the last 10 years that the-that Democrats passed in the Congress. We haven't spent any money of your taxes in the last decade.
The Americans are optimistic by their nature. And they are hopeful.
We have major fiscal problems on our hand.
Currently, more than 4.7 million African Americans receive Social Security benefits, and nearly 8 million people with disabilities depend on Social Security for their daily sustenance.
I don't know what this definition of affirmative action is for some.
The education cuts in the President's budget are both irresponsible and morally unjustifiable.
African American children can't be educationally disadvantaged for 12 years and then experience a miracle cure when it comes time for admission into college.
