Indian,Politician
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.
The biggest guru-mantra is: never share your secrets with anybody. It will destroy you.
The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all directions.
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous.
A man is born alone and dies alone; and he experiences the good and bad consequences of his karma alone; and he goes alone to hell or the Supreme abode.
Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
A person should not be too honest. Straight trees are cut first and honest people are screwed first.
Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions - Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends.
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.
Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.
The one excellent thing that can be learned from a lion is that whatever a man intends doing should be done by him with a whole-hearted and strenuous effort.
The serpent, the king, the tiger, the stinging wasp, the small child, the dog owned by other people, and the fool: these seven ought not to be awakened from sleep.
O wise man! Give your wealth only to the worthy and never to others. The water of the sea received by the clouds is always sweet.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
The life of an uneducated man is as useless as the tail of a dog which neither covers its rear end, nor protects it from the bites of insects.
There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment; there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy.
God doesn't dwell in the wooden, stony or earthen idols. His abode is in our feelings, our thoughts.
It is better to die than to preserve this life by incurring disgrace. The loss of life causes but a moment's grief, but disgrace brings grief every day of one's life.
He who lives in our mind is near though he may actually be far away; but he who is not in our heart is far though he may really be nearby.
Do not reveal what you have thought upon doing, but by wise council keep it secret being determined to carry it into execution.
The happiness and peace attained by those satisfied by the nectar of spiritual tranquillity is not attained by greedy persons restlessly moving here and there.
