American,Politician
When the public's right to know is threatened, and when the rights of free speech and free press are at risk, all of the other liberties we hold dear are endangered.
Our nation's children are our greatest asset and our most precious treasure.
We learned that economic growth and environmental protection can and should go hand in hand.
Our children are our greatest resource and Head Start grants help them reach their full potential.
As the temperature drops, the need for heating oil goes up.
Firefighters are indispensable foot soldiers here at home.
The world changed on September 11, 2001.
Pell Grants are, and have been, critically important tools in making higher education a possibility for lower- and middle-income students.
As a world leader, America must be prepared to confront any challenge.
It's time to renew our commitment to the world around us.
All Americans should have access to quality, affordable health care.
I don't care what the public wants, I'm going to give it what it needs!
Entrenched bureaucracies are always opposed to fundamental changes.
America's highways, roads, bridges, are an indispensable part of our lives. They link one end of our nation to the other. We use them each and every day, for every conceivable purpose.
It's easy for Americans to forget that the food they eat doesn't magically appear on a supermarket shelf.
We owe it to each other - and to our children and grandchildren - to leave our planet in a better state than when we found it.
I take great pride in the fact that I have lived in a Spanish-speaking country.
Low-income taxpayers deserve the same rights as everyone else. It was wrong of the IRS to target low-income taxpayers, and I am please by the decision to correct this unfair practice.
Our military should spare no expense to ensure the safety of our troops, particularly as they confront a hostile insurgency and roadside bombs throughout Iraq.
By strengthening the economy, providing job opportunity and meeting the needs of working families, we can ensure the continued prosperity of our nation.
Every American deserves to live in freedom, to have his or her privacy respected and a chance to go as far as their ability and effort will take them - regardless of race, gender, ethnicity or economic circumstances.
Our seniors have worked long and hard to better the economy, raise families and serve their communities. They deserve to live independent and active lives in their golden years.
Connecticut's first responders and defense workers work every day to help us achieve these goals.
It's vital that we help them get the right start, nurture their development and provide for their well-being.
Working families need to know that we will work to protect their health needs, promote the development of safe, effective medicines, and guarantee patient rights.
For three decades, Democrats and Republicans worked together to make our environment better.
