American,Politician
I think people should be authentic and who they are. If that calls people to same-sex attraction and same-sex marriage, then they should be true to who they are, and I think that the world could benefit by more love.
You can distill deterrence down to two factors: capability and will.
There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think about the paratroopers I served with who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedoms.
Churches, synagogues, and mosques should be treated the same.
The rural nature of our district relies heavily on the profitability of our family farms.
People are starving for truth and leadership.
I will always remember the fear in the faces of the executed. That's the first day I felt the devil's presence.
We have to reform the entire political process. It's got to start with leadership by example.
Mary Jo and I have three teenagers who are in their last years at home. In addition, I was just offered and accepted a position with Williams College as a visiting lecturer on leadership beginning in February 2017, and anticipate accepting other academic positions shortly.
My district has been hit with three 500-year floods in the last several years, so either you believe that we had a one-in-over-100-million probability that occurred, or you believe as I do that there's a new normal, and we have changing weather patterns, and we have climate change. This is the science.
In the five years from 2007 to 2012, we only gained a little over 1,200 farmers. Since we aren't going to stop eating, we have to reverse that trend, or we'll see even more consolidation, more corporate farms, or increasing food imports; none of that is in our interest.
What my voting record reflects is constantly looking to improve the amount of resources we having going into research, development, and prototypes we have going into renewable energy sources.
This is what my calling is now. I'm here to try to help our party.
Jesus's first commandment was to love one another.
It is in the best interests of my constituents and the country to repeal and replace the ACA, and defunding/delaying implementation is consistent with that approach.
If conservation isn't conservative, then words have no meaning at all.
Part of being conservative is judicious conservation of resources, both man-made and natural.
While I have strongly and consistently supported the Clean Power Plan, and continue to do so, I cannot and will not support a proposal for a cap-and-trade system.
Cap-and-trade is a dangerous policy fraught with the potential for significant corruption, and it would hurt my constituents and our economy by raising energy costs.
I hope the EPA will listen to the many votes over the years in Congress opposing cap-and-trade and rescind that proposed rule.
This deficit that we have threatens our very way of life, and everything needs to be on the table.
My travels have made clear that people across this state - from every political perspective - are looking for a new leader in Albany.
I will make the final decision on running for governor after my congressional term ends.
For too long, Gov. Cuomo has led with fear, intimidation, and bullying.
New York has been embarrassed by corruption and lags behind in too many important categories. We can do better.
We can bring people together in an era rife with partisanship and divide.
I thank the voters of Upstate N.Y. for this privilege to serve and pledge to continue to work tirelessly on their behalf in this final term.
The decision to use military force should always be one made with the utmost caution, with U.S. interests at stake, and with the consent of Congress.
Importantly, rather than being solely concerned with U.N. approval, the president must come first to our own Congress for authorization, and I urge him to do so. Finally, I understand the impulse to take action in Syria; however, I hope the president carefully considers this matter and resists the call from some to use military force in Syria.
Intervening militarily would exacerbate - not resolve - the matter and, in the process, will Americanize the Syrian civil war.
Ultimately, for our family, the opportunity to spend increased time together, balanced with a return to academia, was one we could not pass up.
The consensus of the founders was, we don't want no government: we want limited but effective government.
Among the chartered responsibilities of the federal government were, in those areas where appropriate - such as facilitating interstate commerce - to provide for justice and domestic tranquility, the common defense, and to secure the blessings of liberty.
I have two basic votes before I vote: is it constitutional, and is it in the interests of my people. If the answer is yes to both of them, then I vote for it, and I don't care who authored it.
We've got to have a functioning government.
We need to put our priority on protecting this exceptional way of life.
For working-class families and small businesses... we have got to find ways to lower energy costs.
If I don't believe I'm the guy that's going to help defeat Cuomo, then I won't go forward.
I believe in a core set of fundamental Republican values.
I believe that the strength in America is individual families and communities.
In the effort to save America, we should never violate her.
Escalating in Syria is not the best approach.
NED is talking about through-putting this energy out to the vicinity of Boston then taking a northern route up to Nova Scotia and then exporting it, so they're not talking about giving us any local benefits at all.
Any attempt to single out Islam would be a violation of the Constitution.
We understand that we're going to be outspent. But we still think we can win decisively because there's some things money can't buy. Among these are votes.
I don't recommend this, but my dad - to help us get through the winter, he bought a kerosene heater, and he had it in the kitchen so that the furnace wouldn't have to kick off.
I had four combat tours, and I never saw death on a scale like I saw in Haiti. A quarter-million people lost their lives.
I've seen the human condition under the most trying of circumstances.
The idea that two political parties can't come together to get a mission done is foreign to me - and unacceptable.
