American,Politician
We can't disrespect people for having a different opinion.
Let's make sure we're doing what we can in our own backyard to gain our energy independence and to create American jobs with American energy.
I think the American people aren't looking for loyalty amongst candidates to other candidates. What the American people are looking for is loyalty to the American people.
Senator Udall focused his entire campaign as a social-issues warrior, and that was rejected by the people of Colorado, who embraced our plan of creating jobs and opportunity, growing energy independence, looking at education opportunities for the future, and making sure we're focused on protecting this great Colorado environment.
We got to protect Medicaid.
I've tried to convince members of my party that we should not allow the hair on the backs of our necks to bristle every time somebody mentions renewable energy.
America is a nation of laws, and it is wrong for Congresswoman Markey to propose bending the rules for a group of people whose first act in this country was to break the law.
I have signed the personhood petition. I have taken the petitions to my church and circulating into my church. And I have a legislative record that backs up my support for life.
I think a 'no' vote is giving the victor, whoever that may be, the win without your participation.
Hemp has the potential to be a major boon to Colorado agriculture, giving farmers another viable and profitable option for their fields.
I think people need to be treated with respect, and that's what we've demanded from everyone.
The overwhelming majority of Coloradans don't want Guantanamo Bay detainees in the United States or Colorado.
This isn't a Republican issue. This isn't a Democrat issue. This is something that both parties and people around the country have agreed to. They don't want Guantanamo Bay detainees in the United States.
There is no doubt that pollution contributes to the climate changing around us, but what I refuse to do is support a climate tax bill like Waxman/Markey put in place that would have cost farmers and ranchers in the state, that would cost small business the opportunity to grow, that would increase that bills that families pay, $1,700 a year.
We hear people talk about putting a price on carbon, but they won't talk about how much that price of carbon is.
I think the climate is changing, but I don't believe humans are causing that change to the extent that's been in the news.
I used to play against a high school football team that always used to run the single wing. And eventually, other teams figured out that they ran the single wing. And so they prepared for it. The Democrats are stuck running the single wing.
I don't get everything right the first time.
Industrial hemp is a safe substance with many practical commercial applications.
What can we do to put more Colorado in Washington and less Washington in Colorado?
A lot of nasty things were said about me in my own party about my unwillingness to demand the government shutdown.
We have a number of challenges ahead of us.
There is no such thing as a federal personhood bill.
If you look at the Constitution, the two clauses of the Constitution make it very clear the president shall nominate, and the Senate shall provide advice and consent. It's been since 1888 that a Senate of a different party than the president in the White House confirmed a Supreme Court nominee.
Sen. Udall can only talk about one thing: He's a social issues warrior.
When it comes to the environment in our own backyard, we understand it far better than anybody in Washington D.C.
There's no time, place, or purpose of a government shutdown or default.
I don't think it is ever enough for a governing majority to simply be opposed to things. We have to be for things.
I oppose the personhood amendment. Years ago I'd said that I'd supported it - it was the wrong idea. Looking at it, talking to people of Colorado, I don't support it.
The president named Obama is probably not going to repeal the bill that's named after him.
It's time for Republicans to rally behind this campaign in order to put forth the best candidate to stop Hillary Clinton in November. I am confident Ted Cruz is that person, and I'm thrilled to endorse him for president.
I think Donald Trump has a significant number of issues where he is not a Republican.
Quite frankly, I'm running a campaign on the economy and jobs and economic opportunities for the American people.
I've learned to listen. I don't get everything right the first time.
There are far too many politicians out there who take the wrong position and stick with it and never admit that they should do something different.
Mark Udall wants to run a social issues campaign. He definitely wants to run as the social issues candidate.
The Keystone Pipeline would create good-paying jobs. Not only where the pipeline is being built, good-paying construction jobs, but manufacturing and service opportunities in Colorado along with the Keystone Pipeline.
We would create thousands of jobs in Colorado if the Keystone Pipeline were to be built.
I support Marco Rubio.
To say that we should engage in some hypothetical about, 'Will I vote for Trump,' that's defeatist. I'm not going to be a defeatist.
I don't think Donald Trump is going to be our nominee.
I think Republicans are going to do better than Hillary Clinton any time of the day.
Guantanamo Bay is a facility that I think should be utilized by the United States for detainees, say, out of Syria.
There's a real question of what the United States could do if we detain somebody out of Syria right now.
Ted Cruz caught the momentum in Wisconsin that I think that Donald Trump thought was his and his alone.
As a result of the strategic patience policy, we now have North Korea testing four times an atomic weapon; they've violated numerous United Nations sanctions, U.S. sanctions by launching ballistic missile tests.
If China is doing business with a company that ends up putting money back into proliferation activities, then we'll sanction that company and China.
We're doing everything we can to solidify my base of support in the 4th Congressional district.
Every member of the Senate has a constitutional duty to follow the Constitution and to uphold the Constitution.
We have to protect the rights of the American people.
Besides the conventional military threats, North Korean cyber capabilities are growing.
While our nation's attention is rightly focused on the Middle East, the North Korean threat has grown exponentially, while there seems to be a falling asleep, so to speak, at the switch when it comes to North Korea.
Any immigration-reform effort must begin first with border security and enforcement of the law.
Republicans have always talked about having a big tent, but it doesn't do any good if the tent doesn't have any chairs in it. Bringing Latinos to the forefront, bringing women in is absolutely critical.
Any proposal that allows people who are here illegally to cut to the front of the line is amnesty.
I believe the climate is changing.
Mark Udall votes with President Obama 99 percent of the time.
The Republican Party has to be the party of optimism and giving our children a better starting point. We have to make sure we're broader, more inclusive, and reaching out to every community.
If Barack Obama weren't a U.S. citizen, I'm sure Bill and Hillary Clinton would have figured that out by now.
I guess the news is this: If you're a Republican and you smile, liberals don't like it. Maybe that's because Democrats are afraid that I've been able to show an optimistic vision for this country.
One of the things that's always amazed me about people who attack me, saying I'm opposed to renewable energy, is I'm pretty sure I'm the only Republican who had an energy bill vetoed by a Republican governor.
My dad, well, he sells tractors, just like my granddad, and I'm darn proud of that.
He's a nice guy who will never change the Senate. He is the Senate. Eighteen years in politics, and he's got two cousins who are senators, too. Mark Udall's dad even ran for president.
This is a government program run amok, and we owe it to the taxpayers to find out exactly what happened before Eagle-Net wastes any more money.
We must pursue immigration reform - it's something we have to do, something that starts with border security.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership has the potential to reshape America's relationship with the nations of the Pacific Rim, enhance U.S. leadership in this critically important region, and provide a major boost to our economy.
We have antiquated policies that were put in place in the 1970s that prohibit us from exporting our crude oil, yet we have allies around the globe asking the United States to provide them with a stable supply of energy.
I urge Congress to quickly take up and pass trade promotion authority so we can conclude a TPP agreement. Our position in the world depends on it.
