American,Politician
Americans are gathering the courage to just say no. We are saying no to addictive consumer lifestyles. We are saying no to wars and corporate takeover and the IMF loans that gobble up people and their resources.
It now becomes clear why the Bush Administration has been vigorously opposing congressional hearings. The Bush Administration has been engaged in a conspiracy of silence.
In November 2000, the Republicans stole from America our most precious right of all: the right to free and fair elections... Now President Bush occupies the White House, but with questionable legitimacy.
Eight generations of African-Americans are still waiting to achieve their rights - compensation and restitution for the hundreds of years during which they were bought and sold on the market.
Ever since I came to Congress in 1992, there are those who have been trying to silence my voice. I've been told to 'sit down and shut up' over and over again. Well, I won't sit down and I won't shut up until the full and unvarnished truth is placed before the American people.
Well, I am not afraid of the word 'liberal.'
We don't really know who killed Martin Luther King. We don't really know who killed Bobby Kennedy. We don't really know who killed John Kennedy. We don't really know who killed Tupac Shakur.
The situation in the United States is becoming more dire for average ordinary Americans and the last thing we need to do is to spend money on death, destruction and war.
I believe that when it comes to major foreign policy issues, many prefer to have black people seen and not heard.
African Americans have always known that a little bit of paranoia was healthy for us.
There are people, particularly in the United States with which I am most familiar, who would say how ironic that Tehran would be the sponsor of an anti-terrorism conference, because there are people who say that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism.
What I was doing was servicing the needs of my constituents and I was not allowed to do that because I did not toe the line on U.S. policy for Israel.
There's been a long-standing relationship between me and individual members of the Green Party.
The Greens have never been on the ballot in Georgia because of restrictive ballot access laws.
Voter caging and voter ID laws exist to disfranchise voters.
Every dollar that is printed should not represent a debt to private bankers. It should represent an investment potential in the common good, in the common needs of our country.
It's clear that the United States has more to give the world than military bases.
I'm attracted to fights.
I can't be calm when I drive through sections of Atlanta that look more like Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo, than America.
The American people might have a criminal syndicate running their government.
The United States has far more to offer the world than our bombs and missiles and our military technology.
Yes, the Green Party is committed to a healthy environment. But the Green Party is not solely committed to just that.
