American,Politician
I'm not an angry kind of person. What I am is a principled person.
Do I like foreign aid? Sometimes, but not every time. Don't like giving money to our enemies, but I love giving money to Israel.
Power tends to protect itself merely to maintain its own status and control. Principle gives up power for the sake of creating the best public policy.
Power focuses on self-preservation; principle focuses on making ideas successful.
If you push down that pyramid of power and spread out the base, every member gets a chance to file their bill and have it heard and file their amendment and have it heard, as opposed to the system that we have now, which closes out, closes down bills, limits debate, and so forth.
The true value of having Florida Virtual School in this mix is that it creates a gold standard for all providers to meet if they hope to compete for Florida students. This program raises the bar for everybody, even the traditional public schools. And that benefits all our children.
I will say this: I've had more pro-life bills, I believe, I ruled unconstitutional - but I tried - than the entire total membership of Congress together.
Once we relieve them from sanctions, their economy opens up, and they can sell oil and pistachios and whatever else they sell around the world. That was why Iran needed a deal. Everyone knows they fund terrorism around the world. Having that extra money will add a lot of problems and create a lot more hot spots.
When you wait to the last minute, you rush to get things done, and the closer you get to the deadline, the less options you have.
As a former minority leader who became the first Republican Speaker of the House in Florida since Reconstruction, I know that leadership is not an easy task.
Parents like options when it comes to their children's education. And they respond to quality.
We're not even supposed to have a break in August if we have not passed the appropriations bills. It's in the House rules.
I have one desire: That is to have a principle-based, member-driven Congress. Period. That's what I want.
Principle says it's not who put forth an idea. It's not the position of the person who put forth an idea; it's not the longevity of the person or the party of the person. That's not what it is at all. In a power system, that's the way it works. But in a principle system, it's what it says.
I changed that system in Florida when I was the Speaker of the House - I was the Minority Leader; I saw for 16 years the way a power system works.
You lay out a plan and - say a three-year plan or a two-year plan - and say, 'This is what we can do. We can do the transportation packages, like the highway bill and the water bill, and we can do some of these other areas - a farm bill - whatever it is, we lay out a schedule, and we put that committee to work to do that.'
We're a nation of immigrants - there's no question about that. But we're also a nation of laws. I think we have to honor both of those.
I was Speaker of the House in Florida, first Republican speaker in 120 years. And I totally dismantled the way this House worked and turned it around to what I believe is right.
I'm the only person that has ever run a principle-based legislative body.
The key is - I'll say the key - number one, I pray every day.
Let's take up the most important issues first. Let's take up the reauthorizations first; let's take up the appropriations bill first, not wait until four days beforehand - no one has mentioned anything, and, all of a sudden, somebody looks at their watch and says, 'Hey, in four days, the government is going to run out of money.'
Nothing happens in any legislative body that's not purposeful.
If we do our job right, then we have everything to stand on. If we don't do our job, we have everything to lose on.
The process for producing public policy in Congress is flawed. The process itself kills policy ideas through the bypassing of the rules and procedural decisions that limit discussion.
The only way to improve the GOP brand and make good public policy is to fix the process. This requires transforming the way Congress does business.
My whole deal is I want to have a principle-based, member-driven caucus.
We passed a bill in 1997, signed by Democratic Gov. Lawton Chiles, which created a pilot program for a novel experiment called Florida Virtual School. The notion of children using a computer for a classroom and reporting to virtual teachers wasn't exactly mainstream thinking in those days.
During its first year of operation, Florida Virtual School had 77 students. The next year, it had 476 students; then 2,489 students the year after that.
For most of my time in Tallahassee, I did a lot of transportation.
I've never, in my whole 30 years in office, run a negative ad.
I never talk about my opponent because I don't think it's my right to judge.
I would like to give evidence we can lead. And I think the only way we can do that is to unify the diversity of the party.
I don't do anything political on Sundays.
I'm a homing pigeon. When I'm in Tallahassee, I give everything I have to being, hopefully, the best legislator I can be. When I'm home, I'm home. I try to not do legislative stuff. That brings a balance to life.
I'm a plodder, not a planner.
My expectations are not in any future event. I would rather just be prepared for whatever might take place.
I've never hidden my faith, but there are only a couple of issues I would die for. There are a few others I would dig my heels in on, and I've told my caucus that what they see is what they get.
It's different from Washington in that in the legislature, you have to go home and have a job and actually make a living on your own. That gives you a different perspective.
If you need a door kicked in, just call, and we'll kick it. Now, it may not always be the answer you want, but you will get an answer.
You can think of all the things a Congress or a legislature does, and then you kind of overshadow that with the fact that a few people are going to make those decisions.
I have saved $1,638,580 over my four years. That may not seem like a lot, faced with our deficit, but multiply it by 435 members of the House - and then the senators get three times as much - and you are adding up several millions in savings.
I was told freshman Republicans don't get their bills heard.
