American,Politician
The early development of the human brain is extremely important for setting the table, if you will, for potential future accomplishment.
I was diagnosed as mentally retarded as late as the fourth grade.
No state, as a matter of public policy, should turn back the clock on progress by, in effect, legalizing and relitigating the same types of discriminatory laws and debates that took America centuries to overcome.
I was not going to balance the budgets on the backs of communities.
I have just been the man in the middle, trying to make sure that we steer the right course.
What I'm hoping to do is see Democrats get elected. That's what I'm trying to contribute to.
You know and I know and economists know that trickle-down economics doesn't work.
I don't mind the rich getting richer, but the poor shouldn't be getting poorer, and there should be more people moving into the middle class.
Whenever people say, 'You should be president,' I say, 'I thought you liked me.' Listen, I thought being mayor of Stamford was a wonderful job. Being governor of a state for a period of time is a wonderful job, and I'm not sure I'm at all attracted to Washington.
Being bombastic for the sake of being bombastic has just never been my take on the world.
Connecticut would not be Connecticut if we cut $3.5 billion out of the budget. We are a strong, generous, hopeful people. We'd be taking $800 million out of education. You can't do that in this state.
If a Democrat took Republicans on rudely, they wouldn't be elevated in the Democratic Party. There's a different standard. We're supposed to be polite to people.
You can't separate me from my upbringing as a child overcoming learning disabilities and having to make my way through that.
I have to tell you, I'll be right up front about it: I'm the governor of the state of Connecticut, and I can't write anything well.
I can't write things. I'm embarrassed all the time about that, particularly if people don't know that about me.
If you're nice, if you like yourself, if you treat other people well, you're going to be successful. I guarantee it.
A state that houses the NCAA headquarters. Quite frankly, if Indiana doesn't say that they're going to ban discrimination based on sexual orientation, the NCAA needs to move out of Indiana.
Indiana houses the home offices of most fraternities and sororities in the country. If Indiana doesn't pass a law that guarantees people that they'll be free of discrimination, those fraternities and sororities need to move out of Indiana.
Religious freedom is already protected in the United States. It's in our Constitution. It's in most state constitutions.
I don't think that we'll support any state that is prepared to discriminate against the citizens of Connecticut.
If we stand idly by while states legalize bigotry, we are responsible for allowing it to happen.
Codifying discrimination in our laws should be something we read about in American history, not on the front pages of today's American newspapers and magazines.
I am a person of faith who believes deeply in the right to exercise religious beliefs.
Democrats tend to think of elections as cycles. Republicans don't: It's ongoing and constant.
Simply because you're a Democrat doesn't mean you can't speak to these issues in language that appeals to voters, particularly independent voters.
We have to expose Republicans for the frauds that they are when it comes to what they want to do for working men and women.
