American,Politician
Ice cream brings people together.
Thriving economies on both sides of the border is a win-win for Arizona and Mexico, but that will only come by working together and demonstrating mutual respect.
We want to control our own destiny and take responsibility for our own outcomes.
If you're old enough to father a child, then you're old enough to accept financial responsibility for that child. If you don't want your embarrassing, unlawful, and irresponsible behavior going viral, man up and pay up.
By working together, we can make Arizona a place where everyone has an opportunity for a better life.
I ran for public office to do something good.
I took an oath of office to protect Arizona from all enemies, foreign and domestic.
I hope you'll find that my campaign was a reflection of how I plan to govern - bringing people together, building coalitions, and finding common ground.
Maintaining a positive working relationship with Mexico's leadership will also be crucial to increasing communication and trade. I plan to personally maintain those relationships.
I built a company; now, I would like to shrink a government and grow an economy.
Running to do a job as important as the governor's shouldn't be easy; it should take a lot of work, and I'm out there giving my best every day.
One way to ensure that all kids will be successful in school and life is by focusing on literacy by the end of the third grade.
As governor, I want to make sure that Arizona's hardworking taxpayers get to keep more of what they earn.
I enjoy being out; I like being around people, but at a certain point in time, I kind of run out of charming, and I'm ready to go home, and I'm very comfortable alone.
I'm very comfortable, of course, just with my family.
Arizona has excellent medical schools, both public and private, and it is critical that we create an environment that keeps medical students in Arizona to practice medicine once they complete medical school and their residency programs.
One area where the state can be more effective in addressing the doctor shortage is to focus on making sure that Arizona is a friendly environment for doctors and those wishing to practice medicine.
Biotech research is incredibly important for health-care innovation.
I have been outspoken on my opposition to 'Obamacare,' and I don't buy the line that our Medicaid program, or any function of government, has reached maximum efficiency.
As governor, it is my highest priority to protect Arizona citizens.
The threat from radical Islamic jihadists is real and needs to be taken seriously.
I believe we need to ensure there are no refugees placed in Arizona with connections to terrorist organizations.
My focus is 100 percent on my day job, on the state of Arizona.
I don't have a real attraction or interest to national politics, so I want to see Republicans win across the board in the state of Arizona, because those policies of lower taxes and lighter regulation and strong foreign policy are important to me.
Like many of us in Arizona, I wasn't born here - I'm a product of the Midwest and the working class.
You still find a great sense of possibility here, and I want to make sure that Arizona stays that way. I want us to be the welcoming, job-creating state we've been from the start, a place where everybody's got a chance.
Franchises are independently owned and operated businesses whose owners are responsible for their operations.
Every large brand has franchisees and stores that don't make it. It's unfortunate, and Cold Stone did everything it could to support its franchisees, but some failure rate is part of the business.
Arizona has three of the top 10 public high schools in the nation. We know how to educate a child. We just need to do it more often in more locations, and where we're having issues are in low-income areas where - where kids don't have a parent that cares or two parents that care, and, of course, also in our tribal nations.
When it comes to free speech and participation in the democratic process, our laws should reflect the goal of making it easier for more citizens to engage.
Our officers are on the front lines - the first to show up on the scene of a crime. They should be respected; not ridiculed. They and their families protected; not put at risk.
Speculation replaces fact. It's very easy to see news outlets running with information that is unconfirmed or erroneous.
I'm focusing on the issues that bring people together and build broad majorities.
To say that I'm going to veto something that I haven't read is just - or sign something that I haven't read - I don't think is good policy for any chief executive.
We can't let government make long-term commitments that it may not be able to keep.
Government must continue to live within its means.
Setting the state budget is one of the most important tasks we undertake at the state Capitol - because after all, it's the people's money - not the government's.
We want to make sure Arizona residents have the opportunity to learn about the decisions we are making and have a chance to participate in the process.
I want to see us add more dollars to the classroom.
We all should be concerned if our kids don't know who Sandra Day O'Connor, John Adams, and Ronald Reagan are.
These are basic, nonpartisan, non-ideological questions. How many United States senators are there... who was the first president.
The Governor's Office is going to get out of the litigation business.
In our administration, we're going to follow the law, and any policy that we move forward will fall well within the law and the Arizona Constitution.
The American people overwhelmingly oppose taxpayer funding of abortions, and it's no different in Arizona, where we have long-standing policy against subsidizing them with public dollars.
My philosophy is that I may not like all the questions that you ask, and you may not like all the answers that I give, but this is part of a transparent government.
I'm always concerned about how our state looks.
As our economy advances, our government and our laws need to modernize, too.
If there's one thing Arizona is best in the nation at, it's water.
Governors compete. States compete. People & businesses decide.
A great economy requires great public schools.
I'm committed as governor to valuing and nurturing our relationships with our friends to the south.
Where opportunities to expand trade and commerce exist, we will lead, and we will partner.
I've repeated time and again that Arizona is open for business.
Arizonans want us to come together, put aside politics, and solve problems. You want us to do our jobs in way that reflects the best of our state. You want us to stop and listen - something that doesn't always come naturally to people in politics.
One state can't set everything right, but here in Arizona, we can set an example for the rest of the country in how those of us in elected office conduct ourselves and interact with each other and our constituents.
I honestly believe that we are Arizonans and Americans first, not merely advocates for our respective political parties.
We don't want Arizona to be dependent on the whims of Barack Obama and the federal government.
As CEO of Cold Stone Creamery, we used a concept called 'search and reapply,' which meant that if we found better ways of doing something, then we would do it.
Let's learn from our peers and then beat them at their own game.
I've visited schools all across our state, and the message is clear. Our kids have needs today, and our educators need more resources to do their jobs.
When Arizona became a state, the federal government granted our founders nearly 11 million acres of state land. Every time we sell a piece of that land, proceeds go into the Land Trust where the money is invested and earns interest.
Too often, I hear stories of teachers and parents spending part of their paychecks to ensure there are supplies in the classroom - even basic necessities like pens, pencils and paper. This is unacceptable.
What many don't know is that Arizona has a something called the State Land Trust - a fund with assets that have been set aside and invested for decades specifically to benefit education.
As parents, we all want the best for our children.
As our economy advances, educational attainment is going to keep Arizona competitive.
Earning a certificate or degree, or both, after high school opens the door to countless economic opportunities.
States with better-educated citizens also see economic benefits. These states have better luck recruiting and retaining quality employers, and they enjoy lower overall rates of unemployment, poverty, and welfare dependency.
I built a company, a team, and a brand that started right here. It was an American success story, and it started right here in Arizona.
If you saw a better idea or business anywhere in the world, and you could reapply it legally and ethically and with attribution, you were supposed to do that. And I used that learning in building Cold Stone.
I'm a believer in private enterprise, the dignity of work, limited government, and the possibilities of freedom.
I am a forthright defender of the right to bear arms - which is guaranteed not only by the U.S. Constitution, but by the Constitution of Arizona.
I am a believer in the rights of the unborn and the goodness of every life, and I have promised that, as governor, I will champion those values.
We think that this message - of someone that's from the private sector that built a company and now wants to shrink a government and grow an economy - is a winning message.
This is America. Success is not guaranteed.
