British,Politician
Freedom and opportunity are precious gifts and the purpose of our politics is to expand them, for all our people.
I suppose not everyone has a dad who wrote a book saying he didn't believe in the Parliamentary road to socialism.
Well you can be the son of a Marxist and not necessarily be a Marxist in all your views.
Look, there is a sort of old view about class which is a very simplistic view that we have got the working class, the middle class and the upper class, I think it is more complicated than that.
Yes, look, social class is definitely an issue in Britain, it is definitely an issue and I think that most people across the country would sympathise with the idea that there are lots of people with talent and ability all across this country who want to make more of themselves and part of the responsibility of government is to make that happen.
Let the message go out - a new generation has taken charge of Labour which is optimistic about our country, optimistic about our world, optimistic about the power of politics. We are optimistic and together we will change Britain.
We do not have to accept the world as we find it. And we have a responsibility to leave our world a better place and never walk by on the other side of injustice.
My beliefs will run through everything I do. My beliefs, my values are my anchor and when people try to drag me, as I know they will, it is to that sense of right and wrong, that sense of who I am and what I believe, to which I will always hold.
The most important lesson of New Labour is this: Every time we made progress we did it by challenging the conventional wisdom.
I come from a generation that suffered school lessons in portacabins and crumbling hospitals. I tell you one thing, for the eighteen years they were in power the Tories did nothing to fix the roof when the sun was shining.
Think of how we challenged the impression that we taxed for its own sake and that we were hostile to business. We were right to change.
And think of how we challenged the idea of a male dominated Parliament with All-Women shortlists and made the cause of gender equality central to our government. We were right to do so.
Let's start to have a grown up debate in this country about who we are and where we want to go and what kind of country we want to build.
The new generation of Labour is different. Different attitudes, different ideas, different ways of doing politics.
We began as restless and radical. Remember the spirit of 1997, but by the end of our time in office we had lost our way.
I don't believe in God personally but I have great respect for those people who do and different people have different religious views in this country.
The great thing is that whether we have faith or not, we are by and large very tolerant of people, whatever their particular view.
It's really important to say this. Often the faith schools were founded before the state provided education. I want good education in this country so I'm not going to slag off faith schools. I think that it's important that people of different backgrounds and different faiths go to school together and many faith schools do that.
I want to move to a world of no nuclear weapons but I want to do that through multilateral disarmament so that we all disarm together.
A company is not accountable just to its owners, but to its workers and its customers.
While there's capitalism, there'll be socialism, because there is always a response to injustice.
