Italian,Politician
I was thrown into the Parliament right away. From 1976 to 1978 I was concerned with the abortion issue, later on with that of divorce.
The individual couldn't find any attention in Italy.
I am positive that flexibility is a feminine characteristic.
Macedonia's handling of ethnic relations and other issues is encouraging.
I thought there had to be something I could do because it seemed crazy that, in addition to the psychological tragedy each woman has to face, came also all the rest.
I was very restless, but finally I found my way.
My family had liberal positions.
My mother was a regular church-goer and was very tolerant.
My mother's studies stopped with the third year of primary school, my father with the first. They taught me a deep sense of duty. But nobody was involved in politics in my family.
Women movements would form among the factory workers, a great mobilisation that destroyed the old models.
I met the Radicals and we liked each other reciprocally.
I was on leave from local and regional politics, as long as I was a Minister.
I felt that what is personal is political.
The two great cultural and political currents of Italy have always only been concerned with the masses.
I should have worried about taking responsibilities for which I was not ready.
The knowledge of languages was very useful. I have a university degree in foreign languages and literature.
I mean to defend the rights of individuals in a liberal prospect.
Women are clear-headed, they are more creative and for this reason, sometimes, also more fragile.
I am now concerned with women's issues in a different way: women from Afghanistan, from Cambodia.
I think nowadays economic liberties are an explosive issue.
A woman must combine the role of mother, wife and politician.
Men don't have as many difficulties and are more supported to combine the different aspects of their life.
The fact remains; chauvinism is prevailing.
We are aware of the strategic location of Kuwait, besides the stable region.
I support the recommendations made by the International Crisis Group. The primary responsibility is for Kosovo Albanians to demonstrate that their treatment of minorities is adequate.
The EU should have consolidated its different presences and purposes in Kosovo earlier.
