Irish,Politician
I think - whether it's music, literature, sport, art, whatever you want - there's nobody who can stop us if we only apply ourselves with the singular objective of being the best in the world.
By far, the greatest contribution Ireland can make is to lead by example, by actively pursuing its own transition to a sustainable, low-carbon economy.
Down the country, people in rural areas are struggling to get a speed of even 1 MB, not much better than the old dial-up system we used to have when the system was in relative infancy.
My genuine belief is that if we can get through the eurozone crisis from a political point of view, we've got a lot of engines that can drive our economy, that will restore confidence and get us moving on.
I don't take myself too seriously, but I take the job very seriously, and I expect people to do the job that they're given because this is about all our people, young and old, and it's an enormous responsibility.
You need to talk to people, and you need to hear what it is they have to say.
Populist promises to reverse every tough decision are nothing but empty rhetoric, irresponsible leadership, and bad politics. They are not the solution to Ireland's problems.
Irish people are pragmatic. They understand that nobody is going to fix our problems but ourselves.
Conservation is important... water comes at a cost.
I didn't go on a campaign of developers asking, 'Please give me money.'
Public confidence in, and support for, the euro - and, indeed, the European Union - will ultimately be determined by how well we deliver on growth and jobs rather than on institutional wrangling and complex legal or technical negotiations.
COP 21 provides a unique opportunity for the political leaders of this generation to provide lasting foundations for the preservation and sustainability of generations of the future.
Our priority will be to look after the interests of our own country and its citizens.
You see, in government, people give you a mandate, and you've got to fulfil that. Ours is very clear. Fix our public finances and get our country working.
My wife, Fionnuala, and I have been married for more than 20 years.
I'm a big fan of Springsteen. Obviously, his social commentary is very powerful for me. I like his album 'The Rising.' It's not a new one, but it sticks in my mind because of what it says to me.
The best recording is the one you bring with you in your mind.
Foreign investors like decisiveness; they like clarity. There isn't any confusion about Ireland's corporate tax rate: it is 12.5%. End of story.
One of the key drivers of Ireland's future is our balance of trade surplus.
For years, Ireland used to have a philosophy of 'Get them in here to invest and develop in Ireland, and this will sort out our problems.' It is good in the sense of building a trade surplus, but we also want to develop what it is that we offer ourselves and that Irish companies export abroad.
My job is to rectify the public finances and hand the country back to the people so they can really have a future, and that is what I will do.
Emigration is always a difficulty.
You have a responsibility as a locally elected deputy, but you also have a responsibility as the head of government.
You're not going to be able to deliver jobs locally unless you sort out the nation's problems, and that's why the big and difficult decisions about Ireland's economy have been so crucial and so difficult for people to have to accept and have to deal with, but the reality is the people gave this government an unprecedented mandate.
Our revenue commissions are very happy and very clear that they showed no sweetheart deals and no preference for any company and never do and never have and never will.
We have a very long legal system with the European Union, and we're English speaking.
In Ireland here, the Revenue Commission have always been completely independent of the state since 1923, and they are quite adamant and quite clear that there was no preferential treatment and no special deals, no sweetheart deals, and that Apple paid the taxes that were due on their profits generated here in this country.
We link our future to the euro, to the euro zone, and to the European Union while being the nearest neighbor of the United Kingdom with, obviously, a common travel area and a very close working relationship with the U.K.
By 2007, an uncompetitive, bloated, over-borrowed and distorted Irish economy had been left at the mercy of subsequent international events without the safeguards, institutions, and mindset needed to survive and prosper as a small open economy inside the euro area.
I have never been on the trail of developers or contractors.
I now know what to do; I know how decisions can be made. I know how you can drive ministers and their departments to actually make decisions and bring results.
I get on very well with Denis Naughten, absolutely.
The Constitution says that the right to life of the unborn is protected and given equal rights as the life of the mother.
My relationship with Alan Shatter is a professional relationship: obviously worked with him over the years, complimented him for his work as a reforming minister, and move on.
We'll look after our hospitals. We'll look after our schools. We'll look after our infrastructure.
We'll look after the people who create jobs and business and give them that opportunity to grow in the time ahead.
I have never had an interest in opinion polls. They are merely an indicator, that's all.
To me, the real opinion polls are the tangible facts: the growing creation of jobs, the number of planning permissions, the number of commercial vans being sold - the signs that the Irish people are regaining confidence.
We are going to serve our full term; there will be no snap election, and we are going to do our best to ensure that 2016 is going to be a good economic year.
We have spent our time in government fixing the economy.
For me, it is all about people having jobs, and that is why I make no apology for having focused relentlessly on employment and job creation.
Sometimes in politics, you get a wallop in the electoral process.
I accept the verdict of the people.
The Seanad question was one element of a process of change and reform to politics that government has been pursuing.
If people want to follow an illusion that you don't have to pay your way, you don't have to measure up, then there are serious consequences for any country.
Failure to curb temperature increases will impact all countries, Ireland included, but with the most immediate and drastic effects being felt, in many instances, by the most vulnerable countries and communities.
I am proud that Ireland is playing its part to drive an ambitious and comprehensive agreement at COP21.
Irish research will contribute to global progress and have the potential to help all countries realise the potential of their land sectors in addressing climate change - this means reducing emissions, adapting to impacts, and enhancing and improving carbon sinks.
People tell me their own stories about how they have come through great difficulty.
People understand that you have to do difficult things to sort out our own public finances.
The revelations of the Cloyne report have brought the government, Irish Catholics, and the Vatican to an unprecedented juncture.
Cloyne's revelations are heart-breaking.
Clericalism has rendered some of Ireland's brightest, most privileged and powerful men either unwilling or unable to address the horrors cited in the Ryan and Murphy Reports.
For too long, Ireland has neglected its children.
Building on our strong track record of supporting developing countries, including in areas like climate justice, human rights, gender and education, Ireland recognises that vulnerable communities need very considerable assistance in adapting to climate change.
The decision of a majority of people in the United Kingdom to vote to leave the European Union is profoundly disappointing.
As leader of the Fine Gael Party, I will also use our position in the European People's Party to clearly state our views with our European political partners.
We need to work together towards a mutually beneficial solution for Ireland, the U.K., and for Europe.
We must ensure that more binding, durable, and enforceable fiscal rules go hand-in-hand with funding certainty for countries pursuing sound and sustainable economic policies. We need to keep pushing forward towards a comprehensive solution to the challenges of the eurozone.
The E.U. needs renewal, and we need a strong U.K. at the table to help to drive the reform agenda that can help the union regain competitiveness and growth.
The U.K. and Ireland are like-minded on E.U. matters, and the process of working together in Brussels has built an immense store of knowledge, personal relationships, and trust between our governments.
Our common membership of the E.U. provided an important external context to the Irish and U.K. governments working together for peace. It should not be discounted lightly.
The re-establishment of a hard border on the island of Ireland would be a step backwards and present an opportunity for others, with malign agendas, to exploit for destructive purposes.
It is about time county councils got back into the business of providing houses.
The lion's share of the damage to the Irish economy was the fault of domestic, economic, and financial mismanagement.
