American,Politician
We must not be misled by left-wing incompetent news media that, day after day, feed us a diet of fantasy telling us we are bigots, racists and hate-mongers.
I am going to give the moral support of the presidency to the police and firemen.
I am not about to be a party to anything having to do with the law that is going to destroy individual freedom and liberty in this country.
When I first ran for governor... I had to stand up for segregation or be defeated, but I never insulted black people by calling them inferior.
Blacks gave me a standing ovation when they put the cap and gown on me, and that was the proudest I've ever been.
I don't support white supremacy. I'm the one who made them take 'white supremacy' off the roster that was the symbol of the Democratic Party in this state.
I did nothing worse than Lyndon Johnson. He was for segregation when he thought he had to be. I was for segregation, and I was wrong. The media has rehabilitated Johnson; why won't it rehabilitate me?
I draw the line in the dust and toss the gauntlet before the feet of tyranny, and I say Segregation now! Segregation tomorrow! Segregation forever!
I've never said that you should have segregation of the school system or any other.
The average citizen in this county has more intelligence and sense in his little finger than the editor of 'The New York Times' has in his whole head.
My one wish before I die is to talk to Bremer. I want to find out who he did it for. He did it for somebody else.
Tell the people... please, tell the people of Alabama that I love them. Tell them I'm suffering a lot, but I love them.
It's good that segregation is over.
It's what the people wanted at the time, but the country could not be half-segregated and half-integrated, just as it could not be half-slave and half-free back in the 1800s.
My vehemence was against the federal courts. I never said a word against black people in my heart since I ran for governor.
I don't expect people to forget my brash words or deeds. But I ask that they try to remember the actions that I took that were designed to help them.
Let us rise to the call of freedom-loving blood that is in us, and send our answer to the tyranny that clanks its chains upon the South.
It seems that other parts of the world ought to be concerned about what we think of them instead of what they think of us. After all, we're feeding most of them, and whenever they start rejecting 25 cents of each dollar of foreign aid money that we send to them, then I'll be concerned about their attitude toward us.
It's a sad day in this country when you can't talk about law and order unless they want to call you a racist.
I love black people, I love white people, I love yellow people.
I am having nothing to do with this so-called civil rights bill. The liberal left-wingers have passed it. Now let them employ some pinknik social engineers in Washington, D.C., to figure out what to do with it.
As I have said before, that Federal Penal Code could never have been enacted into law if we had had a responsible press who was willing to tell the American people the truth about what it actually provides. Nor would we have had a bill had it not been for the United States Supreme Court.
The court today, just as in 1776, is deaf to the voices of the people and their repeated entreaties: they have become arrogant, contemptuous, highhanded, and literal despots.
