American,Politician
You don't have to have fought in a war to love peace.
I'd call it a new version of voodoo economics, but I'm afraid that would give witch doctors a bad name.
I don't like to practice ahead of time what I'm going to say.
You people married to Italian men, you know what it's like.
President Reagan's one-liners were terrific.
My desk drawer is filled with all kinds of prayers.
Vice president - it has such a nice ring to it!
If you ask me a question, don't tell me what the question is in advance, 'cause I'd rather not know.
And it was, it was not beating George Bush, believe it or not, the bottom line as far as I was concerned was introducing to the public who Gerry Ferraro was.
I didn't look very sensitive and they didn't know me very well.
The polls indicated that I was feisty, that I was tough, that I had a sense of humor, but they weren't quite sure if they liked me and they didn't know whether or not that I was sensitive.
But I made one mistake which I would never repeat as a member of Congress when I was in Washington, and that was when I was elected I didn't go on trips because I was so afraid of having someone accuse me of taking junkets.
I didn't serve on a committee that dealt with foreign policy.
We had prepared, my staff had prepared for me a whole dossier on virtually - on George Bush on his votes on his records, what he had done over the past number of years in public service.
I readily admit I was not an expert on foreign policy but I was knowledgeable and I didn't need a man who was the Vice President of the United States and my opponent turning around and putting me down.
I was a trial lawyer when I was elected to Congress.
I enjoyed debate on the floor but it's not really debate in the same way.
But I do think its necessary to have debates.
See that's a goal that I think it's very good in the debate to find out who the person is.
I don't consider myself a survivor; that's someone who has gone through something terrible.
People who live through transplants or disasters like Sept. 11 are survivors.
I have been extremely lucky; I am a person who is currently living with a cancer that is under control.
I'm a happy camper because by doing this I have an opportunity to be on the cutting edge of research.
What are my sources of strength? My husband and my three kids, my health-care team, and my religion.
I do believe in the power of prayer.
If you think somebody cares about you and believes your life is worth saving, how can you give up?
