American,Politician
My mother always told me that as you go through life, no matter what you do, or how you do it, you leave a little footprint, and that's your legacy.
We have, for whatever the reason, disturbed people... who sometimes do terrible, violent things, and sometimes those of us who serve in elected positions are the target.
Sometimes I haven't understood why he has done things and why things happened, but I know that God has a plan.
Fifty thousand people in Mexico have been murdered. Puerto Penasco, 60 miles south of our border, just had five people and a police officer killed. That is like part of Arizona, and it is spilling over into our state.
We as governors, whether we're Republican or Democrat, we really believe that we know what's best for our people. And in Arizona, and particularly we're very interested about natural resources.
I took an oath to protect the people of Arizona, and that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to keep pushing in that direction.
And you know, I said yesterday, you know, you know, if they're not going to - if the feds aren't going to do their job, well, then, I'm up to suing the feds to make them do their job! I mean, they sued Arizona, you know, we can sue them back! I mean, they're not - they're not enforcing the laws!
I am encouraged that there's going to be much better dialogue between the federal government and the state of Arizona. I mean, I hope that's not wishful thinking.
If the federal government won't secure the border, the State of Arizona will step in to complement federal efforts in a constitutional manner and protect the security of its citizens.
We cannot sacrifice our safety to the murderous greed of drug cartels. We cannot stand idly by as drop houses, kidnappings and violence compromise our quality of life.
I don't believe any person looking for work is fearful of political judgment. Government is a large institution, and if they believe that people are going to get rid of good employees for political reasons, that's absurd.
Arizona is now recognized as a premier place in which to locate, expand and grow a business.
The Democrats complain; I choose to compete.
I don't think Americans would tolerate profiling.
Ninety-nine point nine percent of the people that are gun owners are very responsible.
Government just simply can't do everything for everyone.
Arizona, our beautiful state, was built on mining.
I believe in the right to life.
Arizona is a red state, and we're going to keep it red.
I have a pretty good record of winning in court.
I respect the office of the president.
I know the pundits don't agree with me.
Texas has done a very good job of securing their borders with the help of the federal government. California has done a good job.
I think that there's a liberal element out there that finds me not acceptable. They don't like my stance on a lot of issues because I am conservative.
A nation without borders is like a house without walls - it collapses. And that is what is going to happen to our wonderful America.
I as an elected official would never recommend anybody to boycott any city or state.
It's the federal government's responsibility to secure our borders. We passed Senate Bill 1070 as another tool in order to protect the citizens of Arizona. We have over 500,000 illegal immigrants living in Arizona. And we simply cannot sustain it.
As the governor of the state of Arizona, I took an oath to uphold the laws and to protect the people of Arizona. And I'm going to be relentless in it. I'm going to do what is right.
Our borders have got to be secured. You know, when President Reagan, who was one of my idols, granted amnesty to about three million illegal immigrants, it was based on the fact that the borders would be secured. That didn't happen. It didn't happen during the Bush administration.
