Australian,Politician
You don't get unity by ignoring the questions that have to be faced.
There is an opportunity for us to renew ourselves. There's an opportunity for us to leave the past behind and present something different for the future.
You'll be much more successful if you follow your dreams and follow your passions.
Every user of the river down here understands that a healthy river is absolutely vital for a healthy economy and a healthy tourism industry.
Defence is our best attack.
Civility is perhaps a quaint notion but civility in Parliament is something we should always strive to uphold.
I want to make sure we are presenting to the South Australian people a Government that is open and accountable. I want to make sure that we maintain public confidence in government at all levels.
My government, you can be assured, will be less focused on personalities. It is about treating people with respect. I think complaining about the community not being able to see the wisdom of our ideas is the wrong approach.
I think there is a case for strong action and intervention when there is criminality and when the leaders are corrupt or behaving in a criminal fashion.
I believe that investing in our children's development from the earliest age is the single most important contribution we can make to the health and wellbeing of our citizens, their capacity and the future prosperity of our state.
I don't think the AAA is an end in itself; we will maintain prudent financial management with or without the AAA.
We may very well be faced with the choice of retaining the AAA credit rating or abandoning some of our key infrastructure projects, which are about jobs for the future. I will choose jobs in that equation every time.
Obviously any export of uranium to India could only occur within an appropriate international framework to be negotiated by the commonwealth government.
I have learned to not worry about things I can't control.
Well, there are different levels of love.
We know that defence work results in more than great defence hardware - it can drive innovation and advances in all areas of our life.
I've decided to lead in a way that takes people with me. It's the approach that I think will stand not only our party but also our state in good stead.
Our job as a government is to start with the great underpinnings of our current economic growth - particularly defence and mining - and build on these.
I think the truth of it is that when you get down to actually having to do the things on the ground, there is only one way to do it, and that's in cooperation with the communities.
I believe good governments have nothing to hide. We want to ensure we maintain confidence in our public institutions.
We have been getting ready to recycle more e-waste by investing in infrastructure, providing grants to local government and working with industry.
I think we all share a view about wanting to make sure we have a healthy river and we're looking forward to the plan and in the lead-up to that we've agreed to speak again.
Grace Portolesi is a strong, assertive passionate young woman and she is precisely the sort of person I want in my cabinet and she will have a senior role.
If we wish our state's growth to continue, then our future will increasingly be with industries that require a highly skilled and technically proficient workforce.
Our commitment to defence goes beyond this. It's a long-term commitment to make SA the home for Australian defence. It's a commitment to providing the right infrastructure and the right people.
One thing we do know about the threat of climate change is that the cost of adjustment only grows the longer it's left unaddressed.
