American,Politician
One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad.
Since the dawn of time, traditional marriage - the union between one man and one woman - has been the building block of civilization, and at no point in our nation's history has that foundation been under more severe attack than now.
It doesn't make sense to have to do the wrong thing in order to do the right thing.
Forget the consultants, the pundits and the pollsters; good policy is good politics.
A free and stable Iraq will be a shining light against the shadow of Islamic extremism.
Well, I'm not trying to get rid of the unions, but I am saying that they appear to be an antiquated concept in today's economy.
We have been blessed with a healthy, growing economy, with more Americans going back to work, and with our Nation acting as a positive force for good in the world.
Today is a celebration of hope for the Iraqi people. The Iraqi people can now take control of their government and their future by creating a society that protects the rights endowed to us by our creator - life, liberty and freedom.
Compromise works well in this world when you have shared goals.
If we want to secure the best jobs in the future, we must make America the best place in the world to do business.
We know from our own history that democratic institutions take decades to mature, and we know from past conflicts that freedom is not free.
If a person wants to be publicly gay, they should not be teaching in the public schools.
Ideas are more powerful than people.
Motorists who want to save money on gas will demand and buy more fuel-efficient vehicles. We should not limit their freedom with more government regulations.
We must now make clear to Lebanon that it will not benefit from U.S. assistance and support as long as it harbors this brutal terrorist and murder.
We need comprehensive reform that will make America the best place in the world to invest and do business.
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.
I believed the only thing that could turn around this government spending and mounting debt would be if the people rose up.
I'm not a kingmaker.
I don't even like playing a contentious role.
I like to be a strategic policy guy.
I'm getting optimistic. I think, as I talk to people around the country - they seem to get it. They want a return to those things that made America different and great.
I drive Fords, and I've driven American cars all my life, and I want to have a strong American manufacturing sector, especially in automobiles.
Republicans are the only one who can carry the banner of what I think millions of Americans are saying.
I would support a devolution of power out of Washington for education, health care, transportation.
I went through two pretty dark years being fed up with the system and frustrated with my own party after two disastrous elections in 2006 and 2008.
I don't have the support inside Washington or even inside my own party.
I want to find the candidates who understand the principles of American exceptionalism and have the character, the courage, and the confidence to actually lead the greatest nation in the world.
I have been on shop floors. I have talked to a lot of the companies that create jobs in South Carolina and across the country. And what they want is less regulation.
American businesses and upper incomes pay a larger portion of the federal taxes of our national taxes than any country in the world.
Marriage is a religious and state issue.
What happens in the Senate is the Republicans sink to the lowest common denominator.
I have no plans to run for president.
I'm never going to rule anything out in life, because most of what I'm doing now, I never intended to do.
Well, purity - there's no purity in politics.
If we become too scared to confront the chief problems of our time, there is no hope of ever solving them.
First of all, no candidate is going to win by catering to the alleged Occupy Wall Street vote.
As more people rely on government programs, the harder it becomes to conduct the necessary reforms to preserve them to help our society's most vulnerable.
I'm humbled to follow in the footsteps of Ed Feulner, who built the most important conservative institution in the nation. He has been a friend and mentor for years and I am honored to carry on his legacy of fighting for freedom.
Heritage will remain, first and foremost, a research institute dedicated to impeccable research and data-driven policy analysis.
What we need is some people to stand up with the courage of their convictions, to do what they promised when they ran for election, and fight to stop Obamacare.
I've developed a lot of reform proposals myself and been accused of trying to destroy Social Security, when the whole point was to try to save it. I think most people know that Social Security is bankrupt.
The Heritage Foundation is the premier think tank, research organization. The premier idea group for the conservative movement.
I'm a conservative first, and I believe that, if we do a better job of helping Americans understand what we're trying to do, to showcase every place in the country that our ideas are working at the state level, that that will help those at the federal level who want to carry those policies.
Frankly, if independents and Democrats want to work with us on conservative ideas, I can do that better at Heritage than as a partisan inside.
The message is pretty clear: Americans are sick and tired of the doubletalk coming out of Washington, of us going home and saying we're conservative and then coming up here and voting for 10,000 earmarks. We can't fool America anymore; the media is too good. They're reporting what we're really doing.
I don't think Obama will get re-elected.
