American,Politician
Our immigration system is a broken system that needs to be fixed. We need reform that provides hardworking people of good character with a real path towards citizenship.
Latinos have fought in all of America's wars, beginning with the Revolutionary War. Many Latinos are fighting and dying for our country today in Iraq, just as several of their ancestors fought for freedom in Mexico over a century ago.
I consider it top priority to improve water quality and increase water quantity in my community.
Head Start graduates are more likely to graduate from high school and less likely to need special education, repeat a grade, or commit crimes in adolescence.
The Postal Service's unmatched ability to reach every household and business in America six days a week is a vital part of the nation's infrastructure.
Caring for our children and making sure they do not get addicted to drugs is all of our responsibility.
Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation's history and the world's future.
We learned in World War II that no single nation holds a monopoly on wisdom, morality or right to power, but that we must fight for the weak and promote democracy.
Products made in China are cheap through the exploitation of the workforce. Every time we shop, we are driving the nail further into the coffin of American manufacturing jobs.
Catholic schools in our Nation's education have been paramount in teaching the values that we as parents seek to instill in our children.
Native Americans are the original inhabitants of the land that now constitutes the United States. They have helped develop the fundamental principles of freedom of speech and separation of powers that form the foundation of the United States Government.
The School Energy Crisis Relief Act authorizes the Secretary of Energy to issue energy assistance grants to help the poorest school districts across the Nation offset these unexpected and challenging costs.
All of our children have so much potential. All of our children deserve a chance at life.
The goal of the Head Start program is to give at-risk children all across our Nation a fair chance at succeeding in the educational system.
Head Start is especially important to Latino children. Latino children make up more than one-third, 34 percent, of all those eligible for the program.
Head Start's ability to improve the educational skills and opportunities of Latino children will be an important component of America's future success.
The Republican majority will stop at nothing to prevent access to the legal system for those who are hurt.
Many of us are alarmed at the skyrocketing cost of medical care, including patients, who are the consumers. However, medical malpractice is not the reason for these increasing costs.
The Republicans would like to take us back to a darker time, when corporations ruled and the underserved had no rights.
The Postal Service delivers mail six days a week to nearly 140 million addresses. Every year this number increases by 2 million.
To help U.S. workers, farmers and businesses, and America's long-term economic security, Congress should take decisive action to bring about fair trade with China, instead of squandering this opportunity on a weak Republican bill.
Every year thousands of Americans mistakenly refer to Cinco de Mayo as Mexico's Independence Day.
Cinco de Mayo has come to represent a celebration of the contributions that Mexican Americans and all Hispanics have made to America.
We cannot neglect the unemployed, underemployed and dislocated workers of America who need ample and widespread funding for federal job training services.
As a proud Catholic, I know the impact that faith-based education can have in our society and have witnessed it first hand in my district.
Catholic school graduates exhibit a wide variety of qualities that will not only help them in their careers but also in their family and community lives.
