American,Politician
Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher.
Every child should have a safe place in their life.
Come to West Virginia and we'll show you how to live... how to treat people. We're open for business. West Virginia is truly on the move.
I just think, you know, when we talk about a politician, I think a person has to be themselves. Let the voters see the real you.
Economic development is what's going to make mountaintop removal palatable.
I fully expect to be able to complete one more campaign goal - and that is to proudly report that signs have been erected as you enter our great state that say 'Welcome to Wild, Wonderful West Virginia: Open for Business!'
A child's geographic location, race or parent's income level should not predetermine their life's course and it's up to us to see that they don't.
I want each and every West Virginian to have bragging rights. I want to stop playing defense and start playing offense. So, together, let us grab the reins of history.
Our workers comp debt is the Achilles heel of our state's economy, and I firmly believe that in order to create more good jobs in West Virginia this system must be fixed and it must be fixed now. We cannot afford to wait even one more minute.
The work completed during the special session was just the beginning. During those six days we lit a spark that will positively impact the lives of our children and grandchildren, but the full fire is yet to come.
Wherever there is one job on the verge of being lost, I will fight to save it. Wherever there is one company looking to grow in West Virginia, I will fight to make that growth a reality.
I know firsthand how agonizing waiting can be.
I would never abdicate, nor would I expect any other governor to abdicate, the responsibility to protect the people of my state.
We have reduced sales tax on food. Now we want it eliminated.
We shouldn't accept mediocrity as the best a politician can do.
We have to change the culture of mass violence we have.
I think it's time to rebuild America.
I don't know anyone in the hunting or sporting arena that goes out with an assault rifle.
Millions and millions of people are proud gun owners, and they do it responsibly and by the law.
Well, you know, first of all, let me just say that I am a proud member of the NRA and have been, and I'm a lifetime member and will always be.
I'm a defender of the Second Amendment to the Constitution.
I'm a sportsman. You know, I go out clay shooting and put three shells in.
Why would anybody not own a gun?
There's a lot of Democrats, myself included, who have supported right-to-life.
My grandmother had a great saying. It always stuck with me: 'People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care.' They've got to see it and feel it. And it's for real. And that's all. Be who you are.
I strongly believe the DREAM Act should require the completion of a degree.
