American,Politician
Self-righteousness has killed more people than smoking.
His ambition is to be the spider in the World Wide Web.
Foolishness is rarely a matter of lack of intelligence or even lack of information.
It is said that man doesn't live by bread alone. Sometimes this is unfortunate, because people who cannot live by bread alone too often kill other people in consequence of the fights they get into.
In human history, the desire for revenge and the desire for loot have often been closely associated.
Inside of many liberals is a fascist struggling to get out.
An excessive knowledge of Marxism is a sign of a misspent youth.
Honor among thieves is the ancestor of all honor.
When I see a slippery slope, my instinct is to build a terrace.
He who refuses to do arithmetic is doomed to talk nonsense.
Compassion is contempt with a human face.
With no more than six levels of misquotation, any statement can be made to say whatever you wish.
A declining institution often experiences survival of the unfittest.
Hard distinctions make bad philosophy.
If a person can be said to have the wrong attitude, there is no need to pay attention to his arguments.
Hardly anyone has noticed that in the Northern Hemisphere people stir their drinks counterclockwise, whereas the same people stir their drinks clockwise when visiting the Southern Hemisphere.
Slogans rarely convince the unconvinced. However, they do rally the troops already on your side.
Language is froth on the surface of thought.
Asking a critic to name his favorite book is like asking a butcher to name his favorite pig.
Proposals to forbid golf courses have about the same motivations as proposals to forbid skate boarding, although the rationalizations are different.
Once a person has killed other people on behalf of an ideology, he becomes rather devoted to it.
Don't try to talk anyone out of concentrating his hatred on Ayn Rand or any other dead person. It can't harm the dead. Diverted to a living person, it might actually do harm.
The slogan was 'Don't trust anyone over thirty'. Sixty years later the slogan became, 'Don't trust anyone over ninety'.
Of course, Third World leaders love you. By ascribing third world ills to First World sins, you absolve them of blame for their countries' failure to advance.
Suicidal terrorists may have short shelf lives.
The difference between a contemporary liberal and a socialist is that to a liberal the most beautiful word in the English language is 'forbidden', whereas to a socialist the most beautiful word is 'compulsory'.
