American,Politician
Paper currency has hitherto been regarded with suspicion, as insecure.
It was the king's army, the king's people, the king's taxes; and he who questioned the propriety of the royal prerogative of taking from his people without return or accounting, was reckoned, and felt himself to be, a criminal, guilty of the highest crime of disloyalty.
In brief, egoism in its modern interpretation, is the antithesis, not of altruism, but of idealism.
There is no word more generally misinterpreted than the word egoism, in its modern sense.
But egoism is more than this. It is the realization by the individual that he is above all institutions and all formulas; that they exist only so far as he chooses to make them his own by accepting them.
For each one of us stands alone in the midst of a universe.
However near and dear to you may be your wife, children, friends, they are not you; they are outside of you.
You are forever alone.
Your thoughts and emotions are yours alone.
There is no other who experiences your thoughts or your feelings.
According to your sympathy, you will take pleasure in your own happiness or in the happiness of other people; but it is always your own happiness you seek.
But the egoist has no ideals, for the knowledge that his ideals are only his ideals, frees him from their domination. He acts for his own interest, not for the interest of ideals.
The egoist is fooled by no ideals: he discards them or uses them, as may suit his own interest.
Sometimes, instead of purchasing a commodity out and out, people want to buy only the use of it, for a longer or shorter period. The price paid for such temporary use is commonly called hire.
In precisely the same way money is often hired, and the hire paid for the use of it is called Interest.
Large sums were paid for the use of money, because the available amount of gold and silver was far less than was needed to carry on the commercial transactions of the times.
Modern money is almost altogether credit money.
The business of a bank is to lend money; which amounts, nowadays, to lending credit.
In this way, the charge that the bank makes for the use of its notes - the interest - is a continual and universal tax upon all the members of the community.
Not an old woman that buys a paper of pins, without yielding a part of the price to the banks as interest!
Capital, however capital may be defined, would practically cease to exist as an income producing fund, for the simple reason that if money, wherewith to buy capital, could be obtained for one-half of one per cent, capital itself could command no higher price.
At present, financial crises occur, chiefly because the paper currency is redeemable in gold only.
There is never enough gold to redeem all the currency in circulation.
Accordingly, when the supply of gold runs short, the security behind the notes is diminished, the loaning of notes is restricted or suspended, and the panic follows.
When not only gold but all commodities are available for the redemption of the paper currency, its volume is limited only by the value of all the wealth of the country, and it can never become insecure up to this limit.
The Massachusetts Land Bank, during Colonial times, prospered, and brought prosperity to the community, until it was forcibly suppressed by special act of Parliament.
