American,Politician
Climate change is the environmental challenge of this generation, and it is imperative that we act before it's too late.
When active duty ends, we have an obligation to uphold our own pledge: a pledge to ensure that every veteran receives the care and benefits they deserve.
Congressional dysfunction is the logical result of closed primaries, too many gerrymandered one-party seats, and low-turnout elections.
The big legislative updates that we need to compete in the 21st century and to raise living standards have been blocked by a reluctance to seek common ground.
Veterans come from all walks of life, and they live in small towns and big cities, in red states and blue states.
A family's love is often the best medicine, and in difficult times, I believe that our military families deserve the option of staying together.
Maryland's different than Virginia. Maryland has certain advantages that Virginia doesn't have and certain disadvantages... We should just worry about ourselves and not worry about comparisons.
In my private sector career, two of my favorite sayings were, 'Strategy is easy and execution is really hard,' and that we should 'run at criticism.'
America's disabled veterans answered our country's call, and when their time in uniform is done, our country must stand with them.
One of the key issues all veterans face is making the transition to a civilian career, and for veterans who need extra medical attention, this can be even more difficult.
Instead of serving special interests, Congress should focus on the big picture. Globalization and technology have completely reshaped our economy in recent decades, and if we don't respond, we're putting the future of the middle class at risk.
During their service, men and women in our Armed Forces live by a common creed, promising never to leave a soldier behind. We should live by the same principle. When our veterans are asked to travel hundreds of miles for care that's offered right next door, we simply aren't living up to that standard, and something has to change.
America's men and women in uniform bravely defend our nation and our values. Their skill, dedication, and valor are the envy of the world. When their time in uniform is over, they are entitled to world-class health care, a benefit they've earned and that their country is grateful to provide for them.
Small businesses are more nimble and innovative than large corporations, and as a result are much more likely to develop the breakthrough ideas we need for global competitiveness.
The United States has the world's largest and most innovative economy, an unmatched rule of law, and a free market that is the envy of the international community. For investors, we are the reserve currency.
I don't say bad things about my Republican colleagues, ever.
People ask, 'How do you work with the other side?' Well, I start by not saying bad things about them.
Washington is paralyzed by extreme political rhetoric that creates powerful sound bites but poor policy.
With Washington already broken, the last thing we need is a left-wing version of the Tea Party.
We have to start grounding our policies in facts and recognize that a strong economy is critical for funding progressive priorities.
Imagine a country where the vast majority of seniors live in poverty, a country where for many there are no golden years, but a time of struggle and dependence. That was the United States before the creation of Social Security, which has proven to be one of the most effective and important government programs in our history.
In 1935, the year Social Security was created, the poverty rate for seniors was over 70%.
I am dedicated to making sure Social Security will be there for future generations and have written legislation to strengthen the program.
Social Security is not broke, and Social Security does not need to be privatized.
No military or veteran family should have to choose between paying their bills and being together while one of our nation's heroes is in the hospital.
Our national values demand that we assist the families of our men and women in uniform, especially at the time of their greatest need.
Many have criticized a federal carbon tax, saying that it would increase energy costs. Some continue to oppose it even when that revenue would be used to reduce other taxes in what's known as a tax swap.
Representative democracy is in crisis in the United States.
We can't let 535 people continue to limit the progress of a nation of more than 300 million.
Our electoral process has created perverse incentives that have warped our democracy and empowered special interests and a vocal minority.
We started CapitalSource because large banks were ignoring small to mid-sized businesses, and we saw a big business opportunity as a result.
By any measure, CapitalSource outperformed both our direct competitors and the financial services industry in general, particularly in the context of the near collapse of the financial services industry where 19 of the 20 largest financial institutions in the country either failed or were bailed out by the government.
Using static scoring, tax cuts are broadly assumed to 'cost' a raw amount of reduced revenue. With dynamic scoring, the new revenue likely to flow from increased economic activity produced by a tax cut is considered, improving the accuracy of the projection.
If done correctly, dynamic scoring will provide a more complete picture of Congress's actions. This is exactly the type of modeling the private sector uses, and advances in data collection and analysis create an opportunity for it to be employed accurately.
Federal research dollars invested at the National Institutes of Health seem expensive until we factor in the economic growth and jobs created by our world-leading life sciences industry.
New highways, ports, and runways appear economically foolish if we don't understand the economic growth that flows from such investments.
In the context of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and a still-stagnant economy, President Barack Obama faces two important questions on energy transmission: a decision on the construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline and the question of increasing American natural gas exports. These are choices that will resonate from Crimea to Cove Point.
In my judgment, the president should reject Keystone and step up natural gas exports.
Oil is largely our energy past, and Keystone does little to respond to the actual challenges and opportunities before us.
The process to generate energy using the Canadian tar sands is particularly dirty, producing one of the most noxious fossil fuels on the planet and leaving a devastated landscape in its wake.
While many employers do the right thing and provide flexible schedules for disabled veterans, I felt that it was important to provide all disabled veterans with a solution that would help them have access to medical leave. Here's how our bill works: we accelerate the eligibility process for disabled veterans.
Despite all the dysfunction in Washington, I believe that when it comes to helping veterans and keeping our fundamental promises as a country, we can come together and do the right thing.
As the founder and former chief executive of two publicly traded companies, I have had a great deal of exposure to how debt markets work.
The best companies with the strongest credit ratings borrow like the United States: on a non-prioritized basis. This means that in the event of a default, all of their debts are of equal priority because lenders and creditors believe default is highly unlikely. And they spend considerable effort maintaining this status.
An institution that borrows on a non-prioritized basis would never contemplate borrowing on a prioritized basis. Doing so would undermine its standing in the bond market and suggest that it is not worthy of its strong credit rating. This type of self-imposed downgrade would materially affect its financial prospects.
What was once a fringe idea - finding a way to use the record levels of overseas capital to finance new projects in the United States - is now mainstream. The support is there; we just have to work out the details.
For years, comprehensive tax reform has eluded legislators.
A lack of reform - particularly in international tax - has hurt our ability to compete in a global economy by keeping U.S. corporate cash overseas and reducing domestic investment, slowing economic growth.
I'm not an economist, but I have spent time around thousands of small-business owners and investors, and I remain skeptical - despite the best intentions of the Fed - that even lower interest rates can make a meaningful dent in our unemployment problem.
The impact of low interest rates is broad and deep. Many Americans rely on interest income from their savings to help cover their cost of living.
Low interest rates benefit individuals or investors who own or want to buy assets; in that regard, they disproportionately benefit wealthier Americans.
The United States faces structural employment problems because of the long-term effects of globalization and technology. This was only exacerbated by the Great Recession.
Federal spending is like a massive ship that takes a very long time to turn.
Maryland is never going to be the low-cost place to live and work, and we shouldn't try to be because we have a lot of other stuff we bring to the table. And you get what you pay for.
Our safety and security is more important than ever, and Congress needs to take an active role in enforcing international agreements that support global security.
If there's any state in the country whose values are not consistent with the things Trump has been saying, it's the State of Maryland.
I believe this is a moment of truth for our country, a time when people of all parties and persuasions should stand together and denounce Trump's campaign. That includes our governor here in Maryland.
I am not a professional politician.
There's a lot of new subject matter to learn. You start slowly peeling the onion and start figuring out how the policy and the politics intersect.
You can't really yell, 'Charge!' and hope to have your team behind you unless they agree that the hill you are trying to take is a hill you should take.
I think I have a real feel for the industries that are being successful and where opportunities are, and the big issue that I really care about is U.S. competitiveness.
We should, as a country, be very concerned about our borrowing cost.
I think some people don't truly understand the situation, and they think, you know, the debt limit, it doesn't really mean anything, and they don't understand the implications on the U.S. economy and on the global markets.
After speaking with community leaders, faith leaders, and voters across the District during my campaign, I came to understand that visiting Israel was necessary to obtain a full and proper perspective on our relationship with our strongest ally in the Middle East.
I support giving President Obama the ability to negotiate and complete new trade agreements with some of the fastest-growing economies in the world.
Getting trade policy right is huge for our economy and huge for Maryland. This is about creating Maryland jobs by selling Maryland products to Asia, moving right from Western Maryland farms out through the Port of Baltimore.
I've said from the beginning that Obamacare is an imperfect piece of legislation that is designed to do a very important thing for this country. It's not perfect, and repealing it is a terrible idea.
If you approach economic policy with the spirit of compromise, you can actually get good support.
Economic policy is like business - it's all about compromise.
What the establishment was trying to do was to position me as a Republican running in the Democratic primary.
I basically applied to law school as a way of telling my parents that I wasn't going to medical school.
I believe that business creates the jobs in this country and not government.
My mother wanted me to be a doctor.
