Portuguese,Politician
The dynamic of globalisation in financial and economic terms, but also in geopolitical terms, confronts Europeans with a stark choice: live together, share a common destiny and count in the world; or face the prospect of disunity and decline.
Norway or Switzerland are two marvelous countries, I very much admire, the most advanced countries in the world in fact with great qualities of life.
Norwegian legislation is more in conformity with the rules of the European Union than most member states.
There is no stability without solidarity and no solidarity without stability.
I have full confidence in the IMF. It is a very strong international institution.
My mother wanted me to be a professor, because I have several people in my family who are professors at university.
I very often compare relations between states to relations with people. Sometimes we are nicer to those we don't know well, who are not our friends, than we are to our friends, because with our friends we don't need to be nice all the time.
What people call serendipity sometimes is just having your eyes open.
I believe that Europe without Britain at the heart will be less reform-driven, less open, less international Europe.
I'll put it frankly - Britain has more influence in China than Norway or Switzerland, with all respect for the other countries.
You have to understand that to have a revolution when you are 18 years old is completely different from normal political leaders who were born in a democracy and will die in a democracy and never to have experienced that change. I have seen that change.
There's a tendency in many politicians to become inward-looking, more protectionist, more nationalistic and more defensive, in the bad sense of the word.
I say to my friends, 'Don't just listen to the vuvuzelas; look at who scores the goals.' And this is the important thing.
A new state, if it wants to join the European Union, has to apply to become a member of the European Union like any state.
The Eurogroup decisions are always taken unanimously.
I don't know why my son was born conservative.
We need open, competitive, market economies... but at the same time with effective regulation and supervision.
Internal protectionism in Europe would be deadly, really a disaster for European economies.
Governments are not always right.
Decisions taken by the most democratic institutions in the world are very often wrong.
For investor confidence, it is important that there is certainty about the future of Ireland in E.U.
The euro area must not be treated as an 'opt out' from the European Union.
Growth based on debt is unsustainable, artificial.
The E.U. is founded on the Treaties which apply only to the Member States who have agreed and ratified them.
Smart, sustainable, inclusive growth is the key to job-creation and the future prosperity of Europe.
Even when governments take the right steps to reform, these can be negatively impacted by events outside their control.
