Australian,Politician
We are increasingly recognising and accepting, respecting and celebrating, our cultural diversity.
Greater public recognition will also be critical in encouraging prevention and early intervention, and more generally in building public support to meet the challenges of dementia.
Our cultural diversity has most certainly shaped our national character.
The Australian economy is resilient, but business and consumer confidence is fragile.
Well they're very, very genuine concerns at present as to the status of the 800 people who are to be sent by Australia to Malaysia. There's concern about the status of asylum seekers in Malaysia generally, but there's concern about the status of the 800 to be sent.
Ageing means a loss of a number of skills over time.
The strongest initiative that government can take to ensure Australia is prepared for population ageing, is to maintain a strong economy, and a secure nation.
Dementia is not exclusively a problem of the developed world.
Synergy and serendipity often play a big part in medical and scientific advances.
Australia is already a world leader in dementia research, treatment and care.
Community care is a fundamental, an essential, an enduring part of our aged care system.
We know that so many of the conditions and diseases that we associate with ageing can often be prevented or in fact their onset delayed if we just took preventative steps earlier in our lives.
Australia has an increasingly multicultural society.
At the last census it indicated that about 22 per cent of Australians were born overseas.
When the Australian Government looked at how to meet the challenges, and the opportunities, presented by our ageing population, it saw that an all-encompassing approach was a prerequisite.
It is a fact that governments tend to put in place policies and strategies in response to current scenarios.
We preserve the status quo, preserve existing systems.
Advances in science and medical research and public health policies have meant that life expectancy for Australians is one of the highest in the world.
Today it has been estimated that the average 70 year old has four chronic conditions and consumes an average of 35 PBS scripts per year for those conditions.
Prevention is one of the few known ways to reduce demand for health and aged care services.
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.
We are already seeing older people wanting greater choice in how, when and where they receive care.
We know we are entering a period of transformation in aged care.
The message from the United States and Europe is that governments must live within their means.
The Gillard government must give up its addiction to wasteful spending borrowing and taxing.
The concern is the Government is not coming clean and informing the Australian public of the assumptions that they have made to give rise to a $10.4 billion package.
