Canadian,Politician
I am a teacher. It's how I define myself. A good teacher isn't someone who gives the answers out to their kids but is understanding of needs and challenges and gives tools to help other people succeed. That's the way I see myself, so whatever it is that I will do eventually after politics, it'll have to do a lot with teaching.
Canada was built around a very simple premise. A promise that you can work hard and succeed and build a future for yourselves and your kids, and that future for your kids would be better than the one you had.
You can't run a government from one single person. What instead matters is that leadership be about gathering around extraordinary individuals and getting the best out of them.
Canada has always been there to help people who need it.
Who cares about winning? We should focus on serving.
Canadians are nice and polite. It's not just a stereotype.
I think people understand that if you're going to have a successful economy, you need people's potential to be realized. That means education. It means university education, sure, but it also means training, apprenticeships and various kinds of skills diplomas that we know are necessary.
At one point, people are going to have to realize that maybe I know what I'm doing.
The Liberal Party will not vote - no Liberal member of Parliament will vote - to take away a woman's right to choose.
My idea of freedom is that we should protect the rights of people to believe what their conscience dictates, but fight equally hard to protect people from having the beliefs of others imposed upon them.
I had to learn to dismiss people who would criticize me based on nothing, but I also had to learn not to believe the people who would compliment me and think I was great based on nothing. And that led me to have a very, very strong sense of myself and my strengths.
I was a high-school teacher. I am a strong advocate for women's rights, and I'm not a woman.
I have no regrets.
I have been incredibly lucky all my life. I've had a family that has loved me and given me incredible opportunities. I've gone to great schools. I've travelled across the country.
People are very much worried that our kids are not going to inherit the same opportunities that we inherited from our parents.
Ours was not a normal or easy life.
We're committed to making sure parents have affordable, quality early learning for their kids - there's no question about it.
Canadians want to elect good people to be their voice in Ottawa.
We need the middle class to feel more confident about its prospects and about its future. We need to cut down on this anxiety that sees some people succeeding and the majority struggling - having to make choices between paying for their kids' education or saving for their own retirement.
I know that a prime minister of Canada needs to be deeply respectful of the other levels of government - whether it be municipal, provincial, or even nation-to-nation relationships with aboriginal governments.
I think we're pretty much where we need to be on corporate taxes.
One of the challenges that Vancouver and cities across the country are facing is that we don't have a federal partner in terms of building for transit, not in the way we need.
We're asking those who have done well to do a little more for the people who need it.
Promising something that seems popular at the time that you know you're never going to deliver - that's the kind of cynical politics that I don't want any part of.
People don't believe that any politician is any different from any other one.
My father's values and vision of this country obviously form everything I have as values and ideals. But this is not the ghost of my father running for the leadership of the Liberal party. This is me.
I think it's hard to know how one deals in situations of confrontation until you're actually in there, so I'm not going to speculate on what I would do.
Our child benefit goes directly to the families who need it the most.
I think we need to price carbon; there's no question about it. The way we do it needs to be based on science and not political debates and attacks, and that's why I'm drawing on experts and best practices from around the world.
When my father died, I had millions of people supporting me in a very, very difficult time. I have received so much from this country. I realize that we're defined in life not by what we get from this world but by what we have to offer it, and I know that I have a lot to offer this country, and I'm serious about devoting my life to it.
I have a very difficult, high-pressured job. Everyone knows how challenging it is to balance family responsibilities with a job that takes me across the country and working extremely hard.
I sort of locked into the idea that if I could be the perfect son to both of my parents, well maybe that would be enough to keep them together. And ultimately, obviously, it wasn't. Regardless of what I tried to do. That was a lesson about limitations.
My mother is brilliant but emotional and very much gregarious and connected to people. My father was brilliant but focused and driven and very narrow-casted.
I trust Canadians to be able to look at the different parties, the different leaders, the plans, the teams, and make a responsible choice. And I'm very, very confident that's exactly what Canadians are going to do.
When I get out across the country and listen to people, the resentment that I see and the frustration that I see is that we have a generation of people who are fairly convinced that their kids are not going to have a better quality of life or a better future than they will.
People still think there's sort of a debate around the Charter that politicos go into. And I get wrapped up in it, too, from time to time.
My father found cocktail parties challenging.
The fact is, I'm opposed to coalitions.
Once Canadians no longer believe that there is any good in politics, they no longer feel we can work together to solve the challenges we're facing, and that is my fundamental motivation: how do we work together as a country to solve the big challenges we're facing.
Canadians are tired of being cynical.
I remember the bad times as a succession of painful emotional snapshots: Me walking into the library at 24 Sussex, seeing my mother in tears, and hearing her talk about leaving while my father stood facing her, stern and ashen.
Any decision made by my father was the result of a process that had involved many voices and which sometimes had taken weeks or months.
