American,Politician
There's some bells you can't unring.
If a corporation can express opinions and be protected in doing so by the First Amendment, then there's no reason logically one wouldn't think they could undertake to enjoy the other rights protected under the First Amendment.
It's hard to make me speechless.
I don't mind knife fights. I just want the knives to come to the front.
I don't mind fighting as long as it's for a good cause.
My view is that homosexual acts - not homosexuality, but homosexual acts - are wrong. They're intrinsically wrong. And I think in a natural-law-based country, it's appropriate to have policies that reflect that... They don't comport with natural law.
Senator Cruz has done well in Republican states.
People in this country don't realize how tyrannical the Left is. It is phenomenally intolerant of any views other than its own, and it must label them as bad, evil, malodorous in some way.
Every liberal position is built on a fallacy.
If you give me enough questions honestly answered, I can get you to the hollow core of any liberal position.
I like being home for dinner.
I was an attorney general. That was - that matters to me, and if you won't obey your own rules, there's no reason to think you'll obey any others.
I think it was in 1971 or 1974, the Supreme Court ruled marriage is not a subject that the federal government can exercise jurisdiction over, including the courts. To do that, we would need an amendment to the Constitution.
The one thing that even my staunchest opponents will admit is I'm a straight shooter and that I'm a man of my word.
I don't play golf with presidents.
I don't go hunting with kings and princes.
I have a serious concern about middle-class families being able to afford college.
I would rather we limited - for the sake of transparency - we limited the number of taxes that we had and we were right up front about what they are, how much they are, and so forth.
I don't believe you back off being pro-life: You don't stop being pro-life because they say you're mean because you're pro-life.
Conservatives are the heirs to the Founders' vision. But we have to act like it.
I look Italian, but I act Irish.
I'm more of an engineer with a law degree than I am a lawyer with an engineering degree in terms of how I think.
I have been approached to consider an appointment to the Virginia Supreme Court. I am humbled and honored to be considered for such a position, but it is not something that my wife and I have previously contemplated.
The first thing in my oath is to uphold and protect the U.S. Constitution.
Put simply, no one in state government can create new specially protected classes except the General Assembly with the concurrence of the Governor.
One of the beauties of the Tea Party movement - and the many, many like-minded citizens that don't participate in the Tea Party movement - is the fact that it is independent.
An e-cigarette does not function in manner of a traditional cigarette because it functions electrically rather than via combustion of a material such as tobacco.
I'm the most pro-liberty elected official statewide in my lifetime. It isn't even a close call, so for people who care about protecting liberty, there's never been - again, in my lifetime in Virginia - a statewide elected official who's been as aggressive and consistent about doing that as I have.
Strategies that do show evidence of effectiveness include policing that's focused on high-risk individuals or geographic areas, and/or deterrence-based approaches that hold entire gangs accountable should individual members engage in criminal behavior.
What to do about these increases in crime? Plenty of laws already exist to punish violent criminals, and research questions the level of correlation between longer sentences and lower crime rates.
We can agree that keeping serious criminals in prison is an effective means of preserving public safety, but we must also recognize that the axiom of 'putting people in jail and throwing away the key' does not apply to all offenders universally and can actually be counterproductive.
Incarcerating non-violent offenders in the same population as more dangerous criminals has the effect of inculcating the former into a culture of criminality common among the latter, making them more of a risk to public safety upon release than when they originally went in.
Even without mandatory sentences, judges are still capable of levying tough penalties for serious offenses - and just as in states like Texas that have 'tough on crime' reputations, this can be done without jeopardizing public safety.
There's nothing conservative about allowing ourselves to become so inured to a 'tough on crime' frame of mind that we would abandon tested alternatives that can yield better outcomes.
Let's help take back our country with our wallets, and don't forget to contact your senators and congressman to let them know that you don't want amnesty for illegal aliens, that you want them to restore our borders and our sovereignty.
In the Republican Party, we talk all the time about the importance of free markets and open competition. It seems to me that if we don't practice what we preach, we won't have much credibility with others.
I have not always held the position I do today on the life issue.
There was a time that I questioned the government's role in abortion.
I didn't run for office to make friends.
Every time you blow the whistle, half the people are going to be mad at you.
When you run on something definitive and then win by a significant margin, you have a mandate.
I don't get to sue just because I don't like something.
I start with a concern about the growth of federal government. I start with a perspective concerned about the growth of that power, and containing it within the bounds of the Constitution.
We have a battle over the fundamentals of our country.
On the issues the Tea Party cares about, I land right in their bull's-eye.
A media-only campaign has its advantages, but it also has its very severe disadvantages.
I absolutely believe that President Obama was born in the United States. I don't buy into the claims that he wasn't.
The very purpose of Clinton's server was to intentionally retain documents and materials - all emails and attachments - on the server in her house, including classified materials.
It borders on inconceivable that Clinton didn't know that the emails she received - and, more obviously, the emails that she created, stored and sent with the server - would contain classified information.
Simply being secretary of state didn't allow Clinton to authorize herself to deviate from the requirements of retaining and transmitting classified documents, materials and information.
The truth is our friend.
We need to move back toward a free market.
We don't have a free market in health care. We need to connect customers up with the cost of care. And to drive innovation that way.
In Virginia, we want to have our own opportunity to control our own destiny, control our own market.
I was one of the founding members of State Legislators for Legal Immigration.
I want very much to see some sort of compromise reached in the area of immigration... so that we could move on to other issues.
I've always been one of those folks who think competition is actually a good thing. And if we're going to preach it as a party, we need to practice it.
It is hard to argue that the conservative movement is not having success.
We are moving the debate in a more limited government direction. And in a more rule of law direction, a more conservative direction.
When Eric Cantor lost, being the only majority leader in history to lose a primary, that was pretty - and still is - earth-shattering in Virginia and across the country.
Really, given that God does judge nations, it's amazing that abortion has run as far and foully as it has without what I would consider to be a greater imposition of judgment on this country. Who knows what the future holds?
The notion that those of us that are pro-life because we love children - is that so terrible? Really? Is that so terrible?
They spend us into the dirt and lie like crazy, and, my gosh, I have never seen an opponent who just lies like he's taking a drinking of water like Terry McAuliffe. It is nothing to him.
I was the first attorney general to court to fight Obamacare - about 30 minutes after the president signed the bill.
