American,Politician
I find that when you open the door toward openness and transparency, a lot of people will follow you through.
When we create hope and opportunity in the lives of others, we allow love, decency and promise to triumph over cowardice and hate.
My hope is that in the future, women stop referring to themselves as 'the only woman' in their physics lab or 'only one of two' in their computer science jobs.
If we expect our children to thrive at our colleges and universities, and succeed in our economy once they graduate - first we must make quality, affordable early childhood education accessible to all.
I believe transparency in government is key to restoring our nation's faith in its elected leaders.
A strong mentor can help a young woman find and advance in the career of her dreams that otherwise may have seemed impossible.
Along with a livable wage, many parents are desperate for quality affordable child care.
Empowering women in the workforce is a key to growing the economy and having a thriving middle class.
The brave men and women who have served - and those who continue to serve - our armed forces have selflessly sacrificed for our nation, and we owe it to them to provide the best services and protections available when they're overseas and after they return home.
Hardworking men and women deserve not only job security, but also a paycheck when they need to take time off to care for a loved one.
We must do everything we can to help our service members and veterans transition into civilian life once they return home, and that means preparing them for the tough job market.
When mothers earn their fair share, young children have greater access to quality health care, educational opportunities, and safe communities. By ending the wage gap, we will help ensure that every child can achieve his or her God-given potential.
Like all Americans, I will never forget where I was the morning of the 9/11 attacks.
The horrific damage of 9/11 did not end when those buildings came down.
As we all know, there is no harder or more rewarding job than being a mom.
When women earn more, families are stronger, and children have better access to quality health care and education.
A strong and dedicated mentor can help a young woman get her foot in the door, get a promotion and get a raise.
America is the only high income nation without a paid family leave program. This means that if you or a family member gets sick, there is no guarantee that you can take the time you need to take care of yourself or your loved one, leaving already vulnerable families in the position of making hard decisions in cases of illness.
For American families, Universal pre-K is an essential piece of the puzzle that not only allows their kids to get a good start, but it also allows mothers to remain on the job earning a paycheck and helping our economy grow.
If one of my colleagues wants to block a bill, they should stand up in front of the American people and explain why.
Use your voice on the local level where it has the potential to be more widely heard.
In addition to being an economic security issue, the failure to pay women a salary that's equal to men for equal work is also a women's health issue. The fact is that the salary women are paid directly impacts the type of health care services they are able to access for both themselves and their families.
The American people deserve to know that their elected leaders play by the exact same rules that they play by and that their lawmakers' only interest is what's best for the country, not their own financial gain.
When they return home from serving our country, our National Guard and Reserve members shouldn't have to be confronted with red tape in order to access the benefits they've earned fighting for our country.
For me, getting off the sidelines means women making a difference by letting their voices be heard on the issues they care about.
I have not been in Washington very long, but I've been there long enough to be shocked by how antiquated some of our laws have become.
