American,Politician
We should start by allowing drilling in Alaska's National Wildlife Refuge. It can provide billions of barrels of recoverable oil and trillions of cubic feet of recoverable natural gas.
Energy is necessary for economic growth, for a better quality of life, and for human progress.
My view is that when in doubt, society should err on the side of life.
Our country has had a hard time learning that lesson with energy.
In sum, we took energy for granted, assuming when we flipped the switch, the lights would go on and assuming that there would always be plenty of cheap fuel for our vehicles.
We should restore a proper balance in environmental regulation and energy production that is based on common sense, not political agendas.
We must continue research into new forms of energy and into more efficient use of existing energy sources.
The challenge we have in the war on terrorism is looking around for those pieces that matter and trying to fit them together.
Mr. Speaker, I agree with those who say that the Global War on Terrorism is actually a Global War of Ideas and that terrorism is one of the tactics used in that War.
Now, forty years after his passing, Winston Churchill is still quoted, read, revered, and referred to as much, if not more, than when he was alive.
In a budget this massive, there are certainly areas where I think we could do much better.
The death tax robs parents of the opportunity to pass something along to their children, and it is responsible for destroying a lot of family-owned businesses.
It is very distressing that anyone would look at these matters from a political viewpoint. Core beliefs about when life begins and ends are far too important for any such calculations.
I know of no serious proposals that would change the way Social Security operates for today's seniors.
No other date on the calendar more potently symbolizes all that our nation stands for than the Fourth of July.
For more than two centuries since winning our own freedom, we the people of the United States have repeatedly answered the call to lead the quest for freedom around the globe.
The day before the anniversary of D-Day, we lost a man who was equaled by few and surpassed by none as a leader in the cause of freedom: Ronald Reagan.
And to stick our head in the sand and pretend that we are somehow safer if we do not know or to pretend we are somehow safer if we limit our options seems to me not only foolish but actually dangerous.
When it comes to helping make the country strong, we in Congress have an important role to play.
