American,Politician
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
The PHYSICAL Act gives our schools the flexibility they need to give physical education the attention it deserves in promoting our children's well-being.
We are at a point in our nation's history when the right leadership is needed more than ever. Hillary has spent her life advocating for poor and working class families. Hillary will help build an economy for tomorrow and beyond; strengthen America's families; defend our country and its core values; and revitalize our democracy.
Civil rights is unfinished business. Make it your business.
If leadership is something that is in-your-face, then that is a different type of leadership.
Black lives do matter, and our lives do hold value.
Promoting healthy lifestyles and encouraging fitness are so important for our children's development and reducing the nation's epidemic of childhood obesity.
The times when black women have been successful in confronting and overcoming the structural and institutional sexism and racism that persists in our society have been when we are thoughtful and strategic about speaking up. It's when we've done what it takes to introduce and implement our ideas and our plans to make things better.
It's our moral obligation, as well as, I believe, it is the government's obligation to take care of its people.
I thank Secretary Clinton and her team for recommending me to serve as the permanent chair of the 2016 Democratic National Convention. It is an honor for me and the people of Ohio. I am happy to serve and look forward to a great convention and our ongoing efforts as we work together for a strong party and a successful election.
As members of Congress, we may disagree with the administration's position on foreign policy matters, but the fact remains: the Executive Branch is tasked with handling diplomatic matters.
Any staffing changes that disproportionately cut the number of African Americans at CNN - intentionally or otherwise - are an affront to the African American journalism community and to the African American community as a whole.
The 2012 superstorm known as Hurricane Sandy wreaked havoc beyond the Eastern Seaboard and reached Northeast Ohio as well, with heavy rain, wind gusts of nearly 70 miles per hour and waves on Lake Erie reaching 15 to 18 feet.
A nation cannot be truly great without a moral compass.
This is not about race or affiliation, and it isn't about black versus blue. All lives matter.
I ask for calm yet resolute voices to be heard in our communities. It is imperative that people of good will, those who believe in a just and fair criminal justice system, hear our voices.
The fact that our country, the greatest country in the world, remains mired in race relations issues in the year 2014 is an embarrassment.
If Paul Ryan wants to talk about the soul of America, I ask him to look into his own soul. Because if he is saying we have no soul, he certainly has a hole in his. He needs to understand that every single person in this country has a right to expect that their government will take care of them in their greatest need.
I just believe in common courtesy.
In too many ways, Ohio is being run for the benefit of those who have already made it, and too many of our friends and neighbors are being left behind. Nowhere is this more evident than in the cuts to police officers, firefighters, nurses, teachers, and to our local schools, while property and sales taxes are going up.
I've never been one to try to find a niche for myself. I've always tried to wait and see what comes.
In order to govern, you have to win.
As utility companies work to achieve full compliance with clean water standards, Congress must ensure our nation's most vulnerable are not priced out of life's most essential resource.
The Ferguson Grand Jury's decision not to indict Officer Darren Wilson in the death of Michael Brown is a miscarriage of justice. It is a slap in the face to Americans nationwide who continue to hope and believe that justice will prevail.
Our ultimate goal is that Iran never have a nuclear bomb.
U.S. trade policy is not just about the relationship between our nation and other countries. It is part of a larger conversation about living wage, consumer protection, job security, and a better quality of life for all Americans.
I do have a very large Jewish population, so it's not unusual that I would be interested in being a part of discussions and finding out what's going on in Israel.
It's important to know enough about all of the candidates to make an informed choice, and our candidate is Hillary Clinton.
We have a community where almost 50 percent of the people in the city of Cleveland alone have some type of record. I represent one of the poorest districts in America - out of 435, I'm 422.
As a trusted institution with brick-and-mortar facilities in every corner of the United States, our public Postal Service is uniquely positioned to serve as a communications, finance, and service hub for the 21st century.
Unfortunately, my colleagues in Congress have unfairly burdened the Postal Service with a costly, unfunded mandate to pre-pay health care for retirees. No other agency or business has to pay these costs in advance - and neither should the Postal Service.
The absence of diverse voices leads to policies and programs that adversely impact African-Americans.
Faith and service to others were pillars in Rev. DeBose's life. I knew him as a very kind person and an outstanding public servant.
This country must break the cycle of childhood obesity. Unless we reverse course, this epidemic will continue to put more of our children and the future of our nation at risk.
Men and women wonder if merely walking or driving justifies being followed, stopped, or questioned. This practice and the presumption of guilt so often associated with people of color must come to an end.
Historically, people of color and the Diaspora have been at the bottom of the barrel, even as it relates to immigration. If we don't engage in the discussion, then what is it that we're saying to people? That we don't care?
As a founder and most senior member of the CBC, John Conyers has been an advocate for the Congressional Black Caucus and a respected leader in the House of Representatives.
As chair of the CBC, I will do all I can to be supportive of Congressman Conyers.
Congressman Watt has a long history of advocating against predatory lending and the mortgage practices that caused millions of families to lose their homes.
Any time something goes wrong, Republicans pick on women and minorities.
I do believe that if there is some way that we can find a diplomatic way to address the atrocities in Syria, I think that we should move forward with all due speed to make sure that it is something that is credible.
I think what we do really want to do is make sure that we take chemical weapons away from Syrians. And I do as well believe that because of the threats that have come from the United States, that Russia and Syria both understand that there needs to be some action.
Democrats did not lose control of the Senate because African Americans did not vote. Actually, as supported by preliminary exit poll data, the complete opposite is the case. African Americans increased as a proportion of the electorate in 2014 over 2010.
I'm a very direct person just generally.
I don't use a lot of words unnecessarily.
I try to get to the heart of the issue, address it, and go on to the next thing.
The Office of Congressional Ethics was created to provide more transparency in the House of Representatives. It was a commendable goal.
As Americans, we should all convey our thanks to the brave men and women who have selflessly and courageously served our nation.
I think that there is not any group of people in this country who do not believe that they should be a part of the process.
Where was the closure for Michael Brown's parents?
We need to have a discussion on race, but we also need to have a discussion on how we are treating poor and minority people in this country.
Civil rights in this country is unfinished business, and racism is alive and well.
The most important thing is you have to want to do something for somebody other than yourself.
There is this real divisive theory that if we allow more immigrants to come into this country, that they're going to take our jobs. It is simply not true. Every person I know who wants to work in a hotel and change sheets can do it.
Anyone that I know who wants to work in these fields by the sweat of their brow, the bend of their back, picking lettuce and fruit, can do it. We don't want those jobs. Let's be real about that.
I am certainly humbled to receive the American Voice Award and join the ranks of so many people that I admire.
We need to address hunger, job training, justice. I can't do it alone. We need to elect people who understand the urgency.
In a nation growing increasingly more diverse, it is imperative that the organizations tasked with keeping us informed reflect the same diversity.
Ethnic sensitivity both on-camera and behind it demonstrates a corporate understanding of the benefits of diversity and a genuine respect for the audiences' needs.
If we are to learn anything from the tragic death of Michael Brown, we must first acknowledge that we have a race issue we are not addressing.
We've lost our way if we turn our backs on millions of Americans in need.
We're going to do things that are going to make this country better and reduce the cost of health care.
Our economic, civil, and constitutional rights are being challenged and, frankly, they are being lost.
At present, our country needs women's idealism and determination, perhaps more in politics than anywhere else.
We must combat ill-advised conservative-led state legislation by encouraging every eligible person you know to vote.
If we lower the payroll tax, will Americans let us raise it again? I don't think so.
All artists deserve compensation for their work, including musicians.
There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes.
Remnants of the foreclosure crisis linger everywhere.
More than a quarter of mortgage borrowers are underwater, and 11 percent of all homes are vacant.
It's troubling that by eliminating weekend voting hours, the state of Ohio specifically banned a popular voting time of choice for minorities. In Cuyahoga County, which I represent, 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population.
