American,Politician
If you can manipulate news, a judge can manipulate the law. A smart lawyer can keep a killer out of jail, a smart accountant can keep a thief from paying taxes, a smart reporter could ruin your reputation- unfairly.
I am one who believes that the world goes from the slime to the sublime. And you can take Darwin and all your philosophers and all your ontologists, and that's the direction.
The Catholic Church did not always teach that life begins at conception.
There's something about rhetorical violence that is ugly and worrying.
We Democrats still have a dream. We still believe in this nation's future.
My favorite thought about Abraham Lincoln is he believed in two things: loving one another and working together to make this world better.
You campaign in poetry. You govern in prose.
There are few things more amusing in the world of politics than watching moderate Republicans charging to the right in pursuit of greater glory.
California is an unusual and electric kind of state - it's wonderful. All sorts of things happen there.
Lincoln had bad press, too. He wasn't appreciated until after he was gone.
9/11 occurs, and you're going to rebuild, and after awhile, the memory will be there, but there will be something new there, and different, and functioning, and electric.
I have no quarrel with people seeing me as a sinner.
We must get the American public to look past the glitter, beyond the showmanship, to the reality, the hard substance of things. And we'll do it not so much with speeches that will bring people to their feet as with speeches that bring people to their senses.
In this life, you should read everything you can read. Taste everything you can taste. Meet everyone you can meet. Travel everywhere you can travel. Learn everything you can learn. Experience everything you can experience.
Every minute brings a new opportunity. Every minute brings new growth, new experiences.
Every time I've done something that doesn't feel right, it's ended up not being right.
I said I didn't want to run for president. I didn't ask you to believe me.
I have no plans, and no plans to plan.
The mugger who is arrested is back on the street before the police officer, but the person mugged may not be back on the street for a long time, if ever.
I am a trial lawyer. Matilda says that at dinner on a good day I sound like an affidavit.
I talk and talk and talk, and I haven't taught people in fifty years what my father taught me by example in one week.
You want calamities? What about the Ice Age?
The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday they might force their beliefs on us.
In 1984, I gave a speech at Notre Dame titled 'Religious Belief and Public Morality.' I said that Catholic legislators will live by the laws of the church because we want to stay in the club.
The problem is that you can't impose the church's teachings on all Americans as a matter of law.
The Catholic teaching against murder, for example, is largely the same as our secular laws. But as a law, it obviously has a secular rationale at least as strong as its religious rationale.
Debates are boring.
I think - something I learned recently looking up the meaning of ideology. If you look in American encyclopedias, it says, you know, 'Rules for - basic rules for a system of economics or politics.' If you look in the Oxford, it says that, and then it says... 'Despite - and people will hold these propositions despite events.'
Tax should be the same for everybody.
People like Pete Peterson, the former secretary of commerce and Blackstone and titan of Wall Street, etc., has been writing books for years about the debt and deficit.
You can't ever make serious progress against terrorism unless you deal with Israel.
The biggest aggravation in the Arab world, the biggest reason for their anger toward us and the creation of those suicide terrorists, is Israel and the difficulty with the Palestinian issue.
Barack Obama is probably one of the brightest in terms of sheer intelligence... also probably the best orator we've ever had as a president.
I went to electric razors so I would not have to look at myself in the morning.
In 1982, I wrote in my diary that life is motion, not joy. If the way you measure success in life is by how much joy it brings you, you're measuring inaccurately. Life is also sadness, defeat, striving. It is many things.
If I want to run for president, you'll be able to tell.
I love immigrants. Legal, illegal - they're not to be despised.
There is no basis to say I'm being coy about running for president. If I chose to explore the presidency, I wouldn't do it in a backward way. I'll say, 'I'm exploring the presidency.'
I will take a draft to the Yankees or to the Mets. A draft for president is not conceivable.
I love bunt plays. I love the idea of the bunt. I love the idea of the sacrifice. Even the word is good. Giving yourself up for the good of the whole.
The first good player I watched as a kid was Joe DiMaggio, and that was like ballet. Since then, I played sandlot and college ball and came to understand how difficult it can be.
A lot of my stories about the old days, they're delicious and funny. But every time I recall the early days, it's painful. With every anecdote, it's painful because you're summoning up the terribly, terribly difficult life of my parents. And it's painful because I didn't realize at the time how hard it was for them.
I'm not better than other politicians, but I'm different because I got into the game much later in life, after I had raised a family, after I had written a book, after I had been a successful lawyer. It's different when you get into this business after you've led a full life. I don't want to be a big man. I know who I am.
The beauty of America is that I don't have to deny my past to affirm my present. No one does. We can love this nation like a parent and still embrace our ancestral home like cherished grandparents.
The American people need no course in philosophy or political science of church history to know that God should not be made into a celestial party chairman.
Sometimes comforting the afflicted does require afflicting the comfortable.
