American,Politician
Small business is the backbone of our economy. I'm for big business, too. But small business is where the jobs are generated.
Morals are built on religious faith. Virtue is built on morality and influences a culture.
Certainly people make mistakes in their life. I'm no different, I've made mistakes. When people mess up, we forgive them. When I mess up, I ask for forgiveness.
It's tough to find a place not to like in Switzerland.
The Holy Spirit is our comforter, our teacher. That's why, in prayer, we can ask the Lord to open up Scripture and make it come alive to us, to open our understanding. He left his Spirit with us until we join him in Heaven.
I think what separates me from the candidates is the fact that I have a proven track record of being a fighter. A fighting for what people believe in, whether it is popular or not. Despite the opposition, I stand true. Because people know that I will do what I say. And that I say what I do.
My husband and I had five biological children but we also have been raising 23 foster children.
The government has no business telling an individual what kind of light bulb to buy.
Carbon dioxide is natural. It is not harmful. It is part of Earth's life cycle.
When it comes to personnel issues, I act professionally and respectful of former employees. I just assume that's a two-way street. It's disappointing when it's not.
I think you may see again a rise at the federal government level for a - a call for the federal constitutional amendment, because people want to make sure that this definition of marriage remains secure, because after all, the family is the fundamental unit of government.
Where do we say that a cell became a blade of grass, which became a starfish, which became a cat, which became a donkey, which became a human being? There's a real lack of evidence from change from actual species to a different type of species.
I pledge to you I'm not a talker. I'm a doer.
What people recognize is that there's a fear that the United States is in an unstoppable decline. They see the rise of China, the rise of India, the rise of the Soviet Union and our loss militarily going forward.
While I am reluctant to cite sexism as a political issue, sexism certainly can exist.
If we look at American history, between 1942 and 1947, the data that was collected by the Census Bureau was handed over to the FBI and other organizations at the request of President Roosevelt, and that's how the Japanese were rounded up and put into the internment camps.
I was born into a Christian family and brought up in a Lutheran church. My faith has been the center point of my life, really, since I was a child, but at 16 years of age, I fully surrendered my life over to Christ. At that point, as a teenager, I began to grasp the concept of Christ's true love and forgiveness.
I thought if anyone need a leg up, it was our foster children. So, I started getting involved in education reform, and that was back in 1998. And as a result of all the reform work that I had done, people urged me to run for the Minnesota state Senate. I did, I was there for six years.
I'm not only a lawyer, I have a post doctorate degree in federal tax law from William and Mary. I work in serious scholarship and work in the United States federal tax court. My husband and I raised five kids. We've raised 23 foster children. We've applied ourselves to education reform. We started a charter school for at-risk kids.
Government has really been growing, a lot of largesse, but the people in the real world aren't. And that's what has to change. Government has no conformity at all with the real world.
Without a doubt, absolutely, a woman will be a president, and probably sooner rather than later. I am excited about that, and if what I did serves as a steppingstone for another woman down the course, I am very grateful to have had that chance.
My view of foreign policy is that we need to be careful and circumspect about United States intervention in any foreign nation.
I have a very high opinion of Steve King and his ability, so I would encourage him to consider any position for higher office.
People were floored when they saw that the underwear bomber, after less than 50 minutes of interrogation, was given the rights, privileges, and immunities of an American citizen under the Constitution.
My parents were divorced when I was a young teenager, and I was raised by a single mother after that. So, I understand the difficulties that families have. I understand single parenting.
We're running out of rich people in this country.
The biased left-wing media does what it wants. That's not going to define me or hamper me.
No politician was more maligned than Ronald Reagan.
Many children in the foster care system are often in the midst of a family challenge.
The law limits anyone from serving as president of the United States for more than eight years. And in my opinion - well, eight years is also long enough for an individual to serve as a representative for a specific Congressional district.
You will never see President Bachmann step one toe out of the United States and apologize for this country.
I don't want the United States to be in a global economy where our economic future is bound to that of Zimbabwe. We can't necessarily trust the decisions that are being made financially in other countries.
I want to state unequivocally for the world, as well as for the markets, as well as for the American people: I have no doubt that we will not lose the full faith and credit of the United States.
Though I'm a congresswoman by title, a politician I've never been.
I'm not motivated by vanity, glory or the quest for power.
The Minnesota Republican hierarchy didn't want me to run against their incumbent in 2000; they didn't know who I was. And once many party bigwigs did get to know me, they weren't sure that I could win the seat.
I've always been pro-life from conception to natural death. It's important for the Republican nominee to maintain what we stand for. We are the party that stands for all of life, whether it's convenient or inconvenient, whether it's perfect or imperfect.
I think that it's important that the American people know that Barack Obama didn't have a mild association with Bill Ayers, he had a very strong association with Bill Ayers. Bill Ayers is not someone that the average American wants to see their president have an association with.
I wish the American media would take a great look at the views of the people in Congress and find out, are they pro-America or anti-America? I think people would be - would love to see an expose like that.
Everything I need to know, I learned in Iowa. I grew up here in Iowa.
If there was one word on a motivation or world view, that one word would be 'liberty.' That's what inspires me and motivates me more than anything - just the concept of freedom, liberty, what it means.
I am proud of my husband, Marcus, the love of my life, and his Swiss heritage. Even though I have been a dual citizen since I was married in 1978, I have never exercised any rights of that citizenship.
We're seeing the fulfillment of the Book of Judges here in our own time - every man doing that which is right in his own eyes.
When I pray, I pray believing that God will speak to me and give me an answer to that prayer. That's what a calling is. If I pray, a calling means that I feel like I have a sense from God.
I don't need government to be successful.
The world defines 'waste' very differently than Jesus does.
I would agree that President Carter didn't live up to the expectation we all had when he came in 1976. My husband and I were young idealists who worked on his campaign.
Deprivation sometimes can be one of the most marvelous teachers.
People confuse compassion with government being compassionate with other people's money versus people being compassionate with their own money.
We must never forget what government is not. Government is not a philanthropic organization. Government is not the family. And government certainly is not the church.
Small-business people do not want to have more than 50 employees, because that's when all the regulatory burden of Obamacare kicks in.
I get how devastating high taxes are to job creation.
Let me tell you what the Tea Party stands for. It stands for the fact that we are taxed enough already.
What I don't like is judges legislating from the bench. And as president of the United States, I will appoint justices who uphold the Constitution and who don't see themselves as a super legislature.
The Republican Party is extremely pro-women.
Both Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich supported the Wall Street bailout.
If you ask people do you think that government should spend less money than what it takes in, most people agree with that.
Never in the history of the United States have we cut back on troops when we've been at war.
Mitt Romney understands the private sector, he understands how profit is created, and he isn't embarrassed by it.
I made a decision when I ran for president that I wouldn't whine about my coverage in the media, and I never did.
I think it's important that people know what raising the debt ceiling is. It's Congress giving permission to the federal government to borrow more money that we don't have, and we borrow it for the purpose of spending it.
When you are running for the presidency of the United States, you have to expect that you are going to have attacks by all sides.
Why would any parent want their kid on their health-care plan when they are 26? Parents want their kids to grow up and take care of themselves. A 26-year-old is an adult.
Voting has not been tough for me, for the most part, because there's guideposts about what will bring about the greatest amount of happiness for the greatest amount of people.
I want to be America's Margaret Thatcher. I will be the next Iron Lady.
We aren't using Guantanamo Bay anymore to take additional terrorists. That was the perfect facility to be able to use to extract information from people to keep the American people safe.
You can't take money from the taxpayers out of the treasury to give it to pay off your political donors. That's corruption to do that.
You don't stay married for 33 years and not compromise.
I think that the American people are curious about who a candidate is, what their background is, who their family is, what their faith experience has been, their education, their work experience. All of those are factors that voters look at because they want to take a measure of the individual.
A man can do a television interview and roll out of bed 15 minutes before; it's just not the same for a woman. A woman has to pay attention to her hair, makeup, clothing, and jewelry choices.
John Quincy Adams most certainly was a part of the Revolutionary War era. He was a young boy, but he was actively involved.
My future is full - it is limitless - and my passions for America will remain.
I think people recognize I'm very sincere in what I say.
I don't have anything against Jimmy Fallon. I love him; he's a kick.
I've learned the hard way at the national level that any erroneous statement will very quickly be magnified. So, as someone who talks for a living, I've learned to check, double-check and triple-check my sources.
When migraines briefly became a campaign issue for me, it appeared that political foes were maybe playing the gender card.
Literally, if we took away the minimum wage - if conceivably it was gone - we could potentially virtually wipe out unemployment completely because we would be able to offer jobs at whatever level.
I am convinced in my heart and in my mind that if the United States fails to stand with Israel, that is the end of the United States. We have to show that we are inextricably entwined, that as a nation we have been blessed because of our relationship with Israel, and if we reject Israel, then there is a curse that comes into play.
I'm not involved in light, frivolous matters. I'm not involved in fringe or side issues. I'm involved in serious issues.
Hey, I took karate when I was 17 years old; I am dangerous.
The one thing you can't buy, find, or create is time.
Sarah Palin is a compelling political figure.
