American,Politician
If you're not at the table, you're on the menu.
Every government program needs to be more efficient. Instead of pointing out how other programs can tighten their belts, every program administrator must look inward to save money.
When terrorists attacked the symbols of our national unity and strength, they failed to realize that they were just symbols of our strength. The real strength of our nation comes from our people - not our buildings.
If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.
Praying can make a difference, and it is up to all of us to try that, with faith, and see if it will not support these admirable troops, their spouses, and their families.
We are truly one nation, under God, indivisible and that we must remain so in the face of any threat to ensure our country remains strong, united and free.
One of my favorite things - and I am sure everybody else's in this Chamber - is to give away money. You really don't get much opposition when you give away money.
The President sends us a billion-page paper that shows how he would spend the money if he were spending the money. He doesn't have the authority to spend the money. He doesn't spend $1 of the money.
We are looking for ways to decrease the dropout rate. I am pretty sure, if we eliminate career and technical education, we are going to increase the dropout rate.
Congress has funded numerous programs to provide care and compensation to 9/11 victims, spending several billion dollars on extraordinary and unprecedented efforts.
The American people need to know that money is being used effectively because frankly, the nation can't afford careless spending, no matter how well-intentioned.
I used to be a retailer, and I find it discouraging when somebody comes in and they pick something up and they say, 'Now if you'll sell it to me without the sales tax, I'll buy it.'
Leaders should not just talk about - but walk the walk of - fiscal conservatism.
Businesses large and small shouldn't have to check the expiration date of a tax provision to see if it's still good.
If we bankrupt America, we will all pay the price.
