American,Politician
The Declaration calls us to recognize the inherent equality of all people. And when it becomes unmistakably evident that a government is denying the governed life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, it's the right of people to establish a new government to secure these unalienable rights.
We are gifted with freedom, but with that freedom comes the reality of the unknown and the responsibility to be aware of our surroundings and on guard against those who would do us harm.
As you prepare for the many things that fall brings, such as school, harvest and winter, it is important to be prepared for the unthinkable. Supplies and a plan will significantly reduce panic and chaos in the event of an emergency.
I have a strong marriage, and my wife and I love each other.
The economy grows when families can spend money on personal priorities rather than priorities imposed by the federal government.
In January 1776, Thomas Paine issued 'Common Sense,' advocating independence from Great Britain.
Throwing off despotism and tyranny is our history and part of our national identity - something in which we can take incredible pride.
I can think of a number of things more interesting to read about than tax law, but few things affect our lives more.
Simplicity just isn't a word synonymous with taxes.
Individuals and businesses must participate in a national discussion about a simpler tax system, one that collects sufficient revenue to meet appropriate federal responsibilities, but one resting on a broader, fairer tax base without penalizing saving and investing, the backbone of a strong, decentralized and thriving economy.
Even with multiple instruction books, maneuvering the maze of the tax code is costly and time-consuming.
Security is a component of everyday life that one spending time in Washington, D.C., gets accustomed to. Metal detectors, police vehicle barriers and heavily-armed police officers become strangely commonplace after awhile.
A major part of being prepared is having a plan. Local calls don't always work in the immediate vicinity of a disaster, so it's important to have an out-of-town contact with whom the entire family can check in.
