American,Politician
Delay is not our friend. Delay is our enemy.
Violent extremism is going viral, but our response to it is moving at bureaucratic, sluggish speed.
We should be careful not to vilify encryption itself, which is essential for privacy, data security, and global commerce.
We do a very good job at fixing broken bodies but not such a great job at healing broken minds with our returning veterans.
We are ramping up security in the United States but also looking at visa applicants, visa waiver applicants - and looking at travel manifests on the airplanes trying to come into the United States.
Churchill didn't dance around the Nazis; he called it fascism.
I think it's important to note that after the airstrikes began in Iraq and Syria, ISIS began a very aggressive social media campaign calling for these types of attacks, these lone wolf attacks.
In Europe, you have very different situation than you do in the United States. In Europe, it's very segregated. And you have the diasporas in Belgium that I saw. And they're being radicalized because they're not assimilated with the culture. I don't think we have that same situation in the United States.
I think Syria is now the training ground for the world... These rebel forces are more of a threat than anything.
Yemen is one of the most dangerous spots in the world.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is the largest external operation force within al Qaeda.
Without - you know, good intelligence stops plots against the homeland. Without that intelligence, we cannot effectively stop it.
We pulled out of Libya. Now look what's happened: a safe haven, a vacuum, ISIS training militants to hit in Tunisia.
You can have the best technology, but if you have an inside job of a worker that has access to the plane that's corrupted or bribed or radicalized, they can get a bomb on that aircraft and blow it up.
Libya is a failed state and becoming a launching pad for external operations, as is Sinai in Egypt.
That's what really concerns me about the modern-day terrorists that we face is this global expansion.
Cairo has flights into JFK, and they're going to open another one at Dulles... As long as we have flights coming directly to the United States, I think it's putting Americans at risk.
We want to do this methodically, smart, starting with border security then looking at immigration reform measures.
The head of ISIS called for attacks during the season of Ramadan, which is what you have seen both in Orlando and now in Istanbul at the airport.
I was in Cairo, Egypt, where Sinai - ISIS conducted the Russian airliner downing. We're concerned about safety and security at these last point-of-departure airports flying directly into the United States - in that case, JFK.
Remember, the Boston bombers were Chechen rebels.
There's no national strategy to deal with combating terrorism and foreign fighters.
I can reveal today that the U.S. government has information to indicate that individuals tied to terrorist groups in Syria have already attempted to gain access to our country through the U.S. refugee program.
I am extremely concerned that Syrian and ISIS recruiters can use the Internet at lightning speeds to recruit followers in the United States with thousands of followers in the United States and then activate them to do whatever they want to do.
We're dealing with an enemy now, ISIS, that has a very sophisticated social media program.
We're trying to find needles in the haystack, and the needles are going dark, and it's because of this phenomenon we can't track their movements.
What is our capability when someone posts a public social media posting that says that they're going to conduct attacks on the United States on behalf of the Islamic State. Why can't we pick up that information and then stop that act of terror?
Social media campaigns and the savviness of ISIS and propaganda is what greatly concerns us Homeland Security officials.
In the radical Islamist jihad world, you're seeing more and more recruits going to ISIS rather than al-Qaida.
ISIS is the greatest threat.
The dark space is one of the biggest concerns on the part of counterterrorism officials right now. Comey did a good job of explaining how they jump into a direct messaging box and then go into platforms designed specifically to be secure. There's no way, even if we have a lawful court order, to be able to access those communications.
We talk a lot about operational control, and that's having a better understanding of who's coming in and who's leaving, what the threat really is. We're never really going to get that.
I know there's a lot of discussion about building a 2000-mile wall. I think we need to complete the Secure Fencing Act, but we need greater technology and aviation aspects down on the Southwest border so we can see the threat from the sky. Until you can see it, you don't know where it's coming from and how to correctly stop it.
I think there's kind of a simplistic, kind of knee-jerk response that all you have to do is build a 2,000-mile wall, and problem solved.
The pope is a very... passionate man. He likes to get out with the people, and with that comes a large security risk.
We're a compassionate nation.
I take ISIS at its word. When they said, in their words, 'We'll use and exploit the refugee crisis to infiltrate the West,' that concerns me.
First and foremost, my job is to protect the American people.
Terror threats to the U.S. homeland have reached unprecedented levels.
It is time for President Obama to admit that - in this new age of peer-to-peer terror - we need a real strategy to combat radicalization at home and destroy extremist safe havens abroad.
We think there should be a better countering-violent-extremism effort, that there should be a lead agency tasked to handle that.
When you project weakness throughout the world, and you have a failed foreign policy, this is what you get. And now we have chaos in the Middle East, have ISIS taking over Iraq, Syria, Northern Africa, Egypt.
I'm very disturbed about the uptick in shootings and violence at our military installations across the nation.
We need to look at how we can better fortify our force protection at military installations. But also, how can we deal with these mental health issues with our returning veterans? And our suicide rate in the military is twice as high as the average population.
I think a lot of people don't realize that our military that defends our freedoms abroad, when they come home to the military base, are not allowed to carry weapons.
We're seeing Iran now through the Shia militias in Iraq. We're seeing Iran in Syria; we know the Quds Force is in there.
I think Mrs. Clinton has a lot of weaknesses because she was the architect of the Obama administration's foreign policy.
The sad fact is, because we've had a failed policy and failed leadership, now we're having to rely on Russians and the Iranians to go into Syria to fight and destroy ISIS.
Anything I can do to help destroy ISIS, I will support that.
I cannot support a program that could potentially bring jihadists into the United States.
We didn't take the words of Vladimir Lenin seriously until Communism spread across the globe. And unfortunately, the president didn't take the words of groups like ISIS seriously until they established a sweeping self-proclaimed Islamic Caliphate.
Now we have a generational threat struggle called Islamist extremism.
We are monitoring very closely threats against the pope as he comes in to the United States.
I predict you're going to see more and more of this shifting of al Qaeda fighters going over to ISIS because they are the game in town.
We cannot stop what we cannot see.
I don't think Mr. Snowden woke up one day and had the wherewithal to do this all by himself. I think he was helped by others.
We have about 200,000 ISIS tweets per day that hit the United States. The chatter is so loud and the volume is so high that it's a problem that's very hard to stop and disrupt in this country.
The threat is real, and it comes from the Internet. This is a new generation of terrorist. This is not Bin Laden in caves with couriers anymore. This is what the new threat of terrorism looks like.
We have entered a new phase in Islamist terror. Fifteen years after 9/11, our enemies have regained their momentum.
Obama is dedicated to a 'drip, drip' doctrine.
We need a military strategy to defeat terrorists on the ground.
I'm a big supporter of our United States military.
Our United States military is not our threat.
This is an unprecedented pace of terror in modern times. And so, to say they're on the run absolutely defies reality.
I want to give the American people assurances that we are protecting them.
I think, in Washington, getting things for the great people of Texas done is an important job.
Traditionally, you support your nominee for president, and so when I went to Cleveland, I gave a strong speech about Hillary Clinton and her devastating foreign policy, but also in the support of the nominee. I think that's an obligation that we have to support the nominee.
I don't think Mr. Putin has our best interests at heart.
