Filipino,Politician
Planet Earth is estimated to have a lifetime of nine billion years. And we're right smack in the middle of our lifetime. We've been in the universe for 4.5 billion years. So, that should mean something. We should sort of take a look at where we came from and where we are going.
Since we all know that death is inevitable, I don't really see the difference between dying now and dying a decade later. So if I'm threatened with assassination, I welcome it!
What makes me angry is when people know what is right but have, over the years, attuned themselves to the fact that what they're doing, stealing money from government, is acceptable.
The Dalai Lama has taught me that the best way to live life is to try and avoid desire. Desire is really the basic source of unhappiness.
I articulate the deepest need of the Filipino people, which is reform of a corrupt culture.
No one has ever seen God. So, for me, it is acceptable that if you don't understand a thing, just call it God.
There is simply too much corruption, too much money available for the taking.
Research shows that when women are empowered as political leaders, countries often experience higher standards of living with positive developments in education, infrastructure, and health care.
My father said, 'Aren't you going to do anything to help people? We have a whole rack of relatives who are always breaking the law. At least help your relatives.' And so that's what I did.
I have passed all the physical hardships known to man.
Sexy is the attraction that is given as an encomium to women or men, or the capacity to attract the attention of the opposite sex because of their physical attributes.
Energy is always a matter of psychology for every individual.
We are legislators, not public works contractors. People look up to us to make serious laws that could change the lives of a great number of people or could change the way society is run or managed.
There is nothing wrong with centralizing the budget in Manila. We are such a small country.
I have no one at my side except God and His angels. I pray to God that He will turn my enemies into pillars of salt.
Society leaders have urged me to seek the presidency.
Although I may not be sweet, I am full of passion.
The Philippines will have to once and for all abandon its full-spectrum dependence on America as a guarantor of its national security.
That's the very essence of pork barrelism, when you give a huge lump sum to a person and say, 'Well, tell us what you want it for, but you are free to decide where to spend it on.'
Originally in the United States, there were no laws regulating behavioral advertising. As a result, like in the Philippines, government has relied on industry self-regulation.
My style is confrontational: when I see evil, I want to remove it right away.
The cancer that demands our urgent attention is corruption and poverty.
The Philippines must ensure that it adopts, as much as possible, an equi-balancing strategy towards both China and America. To push back against Chinese adventurism by deepening Philippine dependence on another power runs counter to the very logic of protecting its national sovereignty.
Entering politics is a fate worse than death.
Sisyphus, you know, had an easy life.
It is illegal for the budget department to discriminate among senators.
