American,Politician
Leadership - leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses.
The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.
You can't continue to have higher education tuition grow at a multiple of the rate of inflation.
In the private sector, there is always innovation. There's always change. There's always improving productivity, and if you're not leading that, you'll be passed and ultimately go out of business. So there's an urgency to constantly update and renew and to rethink your enterprise.
Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose.
I don't want to transform America. I want to restore to America the economic values of freedom and opportunity and limited government that has made us the powerhouse of the world.
If you live in the mountains, you long for the trees and the lakes.
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do.
A nation has the capacity to choose its own capital city, and Jerusalem is Israel's capital.
My red line is Iran may not have a nuclear weapon. It is inappropriate for them to have the capacity to terrorize the world. Iran with a nuclear weapon or with fissile material that can be given to Hezbollah or Hamas or others has the potential of not just destabilizing the Middle East.
Now workers should have the right to join unions. But unions should not be forced upon workers. And unions should not have the power to take money our of their members' paychecks to buy the support of politicians that are favored by the union bosses.
Religious freedom opens a door for Americans that is closed to too many others around the world. But whether we walk through that door, and what we do with our lives after we do, is up to us.
I have a big family, and I spend a lot of time with them.
We reserve our deepest respect and admiration for those who volunteer for service and give their lives to help keep our nation secure.
On our watch, the conversation with a would-be suicide bomber will not begin with the words, 'You have the right to remain silent.'
I went to Massachusetts to make a difference. I didn't go there to begin a political career running time and time again. I made a difference. I put in place the things I wanted to do.
It's time for the party of big ideas, not the party of Big Brother!
Since Castro took power, the Cuban people have been denied basic human freedoms. No freedom of religion, no freedom of the press, no political freedom. And the regime uses brutality and violence to suppress these freedoms and impose its will.
If I am elected President, the Castro regime will have no reason to doubt our unwavering commitment to your cause. The regime will feel the full weight of American resolve.
People of different faiths, like yours and mine, sometimes wonder where we can meet in common purpose, when there are so many differences in creed and theology. Surely the answer is that we can meet in service, in shared moral convictions about our nation stemming from a common worldview.
Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.
In the richest country in the history of the world, this Obama economy has crushed the middle class. Family income has fallen by $4,000, but health insurance premiums are higher, food prices are higher, utility bills are higher, and gasoline prices have doubled. Today more Americans wake up in poverty than ever before.
I just think the most important aspect in being able to have a productive relationship between the teachers' unions and the districts and the states that they're dealing with is that the person sitting across the table from them should not have received the largest campaign contributions from the teachers' union itself.
The torch America carries is one of decency and hope. It is not America's torch alone. But it is America's duty - and honor - to hold it high enough that all the world can see its light.
Think of Donald Trump's personal qualities, the bullying, the greed, the showing off, the misogyny, the absurd third-grade theatrics. We have long referred to him as 'The Donald.' He is the only person in America to whom we have added an article before his name. It wasn't because he had attributes we admired.
I think there's a character one has if you're a chief executive officer. Movies would suggest you're a bad person - if you're wealthy, if you've done well, oh, you must be bad. And frankly, winning the lottery doesn't change who you are; you're the same person inside. And I'm the same person I was as an 18-year-old who fell in love with Ann.
President Obama's view of a free economy is to send your money to his friends. My vision for a free enterprise economy is to return entrepreneurship and genius and creativity to the American people!
The Cuban people still live in constant fear of a brutal totalitarian regime that has demonstrated time and again its utter disregard for basic human dignity. The fight for a free Cuba has gone on for far too long.
I can never predict what the markets will do. Sometimes it does the exact opposite of what I would have expected.
The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of America's communities, large and small.
Consulting offered me an opportunity to see a lot of different businesses in different regions of the world, to see how textiles were being affected by foreign competition, how technology was changing.
I think Dodd-Frank has contributed to a concentration of banking assets in the hands of a small number of banks.
The decision to withdraw our missile defense sites from Poland put us in greater jeopardy, in my view.
Now, let me be clear. The path I lay out is not one paved with ever increasing government checks and cradle to grave assurance that government will always be the solution. If this election is a bidding war for who can promise the most goodies and the most benefits, I'm not your president. You have that president today.
When sperm and egg unite, something goes from inanimate to animate. It is life.
Even though I love solar and love wind, like most people do, I like the renewable sources, they alone are not going to get America energy independent.
For American foreign aid to become more effective, it must embrace the power of partnerships, access the transformative nature of free enterprise, and leverage the abundant resources that can come from the private sector.
And a special thank you to the citizens of Massachusetts: You are paying all the taxes, creating all the jobs, raising all the children. This government is yours. Thank you for letting me serve you. I love this job.
When it comes to pinning blame, pin the tail on the donkeys.
And this President wakes up every morning, looks out across America and is proud to announce, 'It could be worse.' It could be worse? Is that what it means to be an American? It could be worse? Of course not. What defines us as Americans is our unwavering conviction that we know it must be better.
I've been looking at some video clips on YouTube of President Obama - then candidate Obama - going through Iowa making promises. The gap between his promises and his performance is the largest I've seen, well, since the Kardashian wedding and the promise of 'til death do we part.
My leadership will end the Obama era and begin a new era of American prosperity.
I will promote savings and investment by maintaining the 15% rate on capital gains and dividends. I will eliminate the tax entirely for those with annual income below $200,000.
Staple a green card to their diploma - welcome to the United States of America! We want those people in our country.
Mr. Chairman, delegates. I accept your nomination for President of the United States of America. I do so with humility, deeply moved by the trust you have placed in me. It is a great honor. It is an even greater responsibility.
Now is the moment when we can stand up and say, 'I'm an American. I make my destiny. And we deserve better! My children deserve better! My family deserves better. My country deserves better!' So here we stand. Americans have a choice.
The soles of Neil Armstrong's boots on the moon made permanent impressions on our souls and in our national psyche. Ann and I watched those steps together on her parent's sofa. Like all Americans we went to bed that night knowing we lived in the greatest country in the history of the world. God bless Neil Armstrong.
I don't know any nation on Earth that succeeded in creating a strong middle class with rising wages based on building a stronger and bigger government.
I think people should have the common courtesy and judgment - the good judgment - not to be - not to offend other peoples' faiths.
The unemployment rate went down as I was governor of Massachusetts. We were losing jobs every month when I came into the state.
I'm a pretty analytical guy, all right?
One of the best things that can happen to any cause, to any people, is to have Bill Clinton as its advocate. That is how needy and neglected causes have become global initiatives.
I've been on Letterman a couple of times. I've been on Leno more than a couple times, and now Letterman hates me because I've been on Leno more than him. They're very jealous of one another, as you know.
We're going to have to rely on the world of Islam, major Islamic nations, to take the lead in helping promote a very different view of Islam - peace and understanding, as opposed to the radicalization going on. The Saudis and UAE and Qatar and others are going to have to take a leading role in changing hearts and minds in the world of Islam.
That makes no sense for someone to say if they were drafted by their country, that they'd say no.
I oppose Obamacare and believe it has failed. It drove up premiums, took insurance away from people who were promised otherwise, and usurped state programs.
I believe in America. I believe in free enterprise.
Our relationship with Egypt is very, very important. And I would want them to remain an ally. I don't want to see that official status change.
Our nation is too different, too diverse to say that what works in Massachusetts is somehow going to be grabbed by the federal government, usurping the power of states and imposing a one-size-fits-all plan on the nation. That will not work.
To help the parents make the choice of which school to send their child to, I would insist that schools are graded on a simple basis that parents can understand, A through F. The way Florida is done.
There's no question I'm going to do everything within the normal political bounds to make sure we don't nominate Donald Trump. I think he would be terribly unfit for office.
My dad was phenomenal. Born in Mexico, lived poor, didn't graduate from college, and becomes head of a car company and then governor of a state. I can't imagine I would have ever thought about running for office had I not seen my dad do it.
A person like Donald Trump, who has said what he's said about Muslims, Mexicans, women, George Bush, John McCain - a person like that should not be the nominee of our party or be the president, and I will campaign for an alternative to Donald Trump until that avenue is no longer open.
You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.
Massachusetts children cannot only lead the nation in test scores, they can be competitive with the best in the world. And the gap in achievement among races can virtually disappear.
People from both political parties have long recognized that welfare without work creates negative incentives that lead to permanent poverty. It robs people of self-esteem.
America cannot continue to lead the family of nations around the world if we suffer the collapse of the family here at home.
I am in favor of stem-cell research. I am not in favor of creating new human embryos through cloning.
I feel very deeply about the need to respect and tolerate people of different social - or sexual orientation. But at the same time, I believe marriage should be preserved as an institution for one man and one woman.
Our economy is on the move and we are creating thousands of new jobs, but we need to keep our foot on the gas pedal.
Reforming the way the state works with businesses and providing incentives for employers will help preserve and create new jobs in Massachusetts.
This is a global effort we're going to have to lead to overcome this jihadist effort. It's more than Osama bin Laden. But he is going to pay, and he will die.
And the American people are the greatest people in the world. What makes America the greatest nation in the world is the heart of the American people: hardworking, innovative, risk-taking, God- loving, family-oriented American people.
Ronald Reagan was a president of strength. His philosophy was a philosophy of strength - a strong military, a strong economy and strong families.
Dependency is death to initiative, to risk-taking and opportunity. It's time to stop the spread of government dependency and fight it like the poison it is.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.
The words spoken by the leader of the free world can expand the frontiers of freedom or shrink them. When Ronald Reagan called on Gorbachev to 'tear down this wall', a surge of confidence rose that would ultimately breach the bounds of the evil empire.
President Obama instituted the most anti-growth, anti-investment, anti-jobs measures that we have seen in our lifetime. Now he called his agenda ambitious, I call it reckless.
America is not better off than it was $1.8 trillion dollars ago.
President Obama, Nancy Pelosi, Harry Reid, and their team have failed the American people, and that is why their majority will soon be out the door.
Isn't it fitting that so many of those who have contempt for the private sector will soon find themselves back in it?
Conservatism has had from its inception vigorously positive, intellectually rigorous agenda and thinking. That agenda should have in my three pillars: strengthen the economy, strengthen our security, and strengthen our families.
Instead of leading the world by how much we borrow, it's time that we make sure we lead the world in how much we build and create and invest.
We will strengthen our security by building missile defense, restoring our military might, and standing by and strengthening our intelligence officers.
Conservatives believe in providing Constitutional rights to our citizens, not to enemy combatants like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
The answer for healthcare is market incentives, not healthcare by a Godzilla-sized government bureaucracy.
Sometimes I wonder whether Washington's liberal politicians truly understand the greatness that is America.
We conservatives don't have a corner on saying 'no'. We're just the ones who say it when it's the right thing to say.
I could have possibly beaten Senator McCain in the primary. Then I could have been the candidate who lost to Barack Obama.
We have serious enemies and growing threats around the world. Unfortunately, we have an administration whose idea of a rogue state is Arizona.
The principles that made this nation a great and powerful leader of the world, have not lost their meaning. They never will. We know we can bring this country back. I'm Mitt Romney. I believe in America. And I'm running for president of the United States.
We believe in individual initiative, personal responsibility, opportunity, freedom, small government, the Constitution. These principles, these American principles are key to getting our economy back to being successful and leading the world.
Government is taking 40 percent of the GDP. And that's at the state, local and federal level. President Obama has taken government spending at the federal level from 20 percent to 25 percent. Look, at some point, you cease being a free economy, and you become a government economy. And we've got to stop that.
You balance the budget by restraining the growth of government and encouraging the growth of the private sector.
I spent my whole life in the private sector, 25 years in the private sector. I understand that when government takes more money out of the hands of people, it makes it more difficult for them to buy things. If they can't buy things, the economy doesn't grow. If the economy doesn't grow, we don't put Americans to work.
The American people I talk to don't spend every moment thinking, 'How can I tax my neighbor more than they're being taxed?' They say, 'How can I get a good job? How can my kids get good jobs? How can seniors have a confidence in their future when they know that Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid are bankrupt?'
President Barack Obama has stood watch over the greatest job loss in modern American history. And that, my friends, is one inconvenient truth that will haunt this President throughout history.
I want you to remember when our White House reflected the best of who we are, not the worst of what Europe has become.
We still believe in the America that is a land of opportunity and a beacon of freedom. We believe in the America that challenges each of us to be better and bigger than ourselves.
Internationally, President Obama has adopted an appeasement strategy. He believes America's role as leader in the world is a thing of the past. I believe a strong America must - and will - lead the future.
I stand ready to lead us down a different path where we're lifted up by our desire to succeed, not dragged down by a resentment of success.
Make no mistake, in this campaign, I will offer the American ideals of economic freedom a clear and unapologetic defense.
This President takes his inspiration from the capitals of Europe; we look to the cities and small towns of America. This President puts his faith in government. We put our faith in the American people.
When it comes to the economy, my highest priority as President will be worrying about your job, not saving my own.
Our plans protect freedom and opportunity, and our blueprint is the Constitution of the United States.
President Obama wants to put free enterprise on trial.
The president may be a nice guy, but he's just over his head.
My view is that marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman. That's the position I've had for some time, and I don't intend to make any adjustments at this point... Or ever, by the way.
Three years ago, this week, a newly elected President Obama faced the American people and he said, look, if I can't turn this economy around in three years, I'll be looking at a one-term proposition, and we're here to collect! You know the results. It's been 35 months of unemployment above 8 percent.
A competitive primary does not divide us, it prepares us and we will win.
I know what it's like to start a business. I know how extra ordinarily difficult it is to build something from nothing. I know how government kills jobs and, yes, I know how it can help from time- to-time.
On one of the most personal matters of our lives, our health care, President Obama would turn decision making over to government bureaucrats. He forced through Obama-care and I will repeal it.
President Obama orders religious organizations to violate their conscience. I will defend religious liberty and overturn regulations that trample on our first freedom.
I will insist on a military so powerful no one would ever think of challenging it.
If you believe the disappointments - if you believe the disappointments in the last few years are a detour and not our destiny, then I'm asking for your vote.
Together we will build an America where hope is a new job with a paycheck, not a faded word on an old bumper sticker.
I believe in an America where millions of Americans believe in an America that's the America millions of Americans believe in. That's the America I love.
Opportunity expands when there is excellence and choice in education, when taxes are lowered, when every citizen has affordable, portable health insurance and when constitutional freedoms are preserved.
Democrats want to use the slowdown as an excuse to do what their special interests are always begging for: higher taxes, bigger government and less trade with other nations.
Republicans prefer straight talk to politically correct talk!
I have never once regretted missing a business opportunity so that I could be with my children and grandchildren.
No person I have ever met, not even the most righteous or pure of heart, has gone without those times when faith recedes in the busy-ness of life.
It strikes me as odd that the free exercise of religious faith is sometimes treated as a problem, something America is stuck with instead of blessed with.
That said, your values will not always be the object of public admiration. In fact, the more you live by your beliefs, the more you will endure the censure of the world.
Christianity is not the faith of the complacent, the comfortable or of the timid. It demands and creates heroic souls like Wesley, Wilberforce, Bonhoeffer, John Paul the Second, and Billy Graham. Each showed, in their own way, the relentless and powerful influence of the message of Jesus Christ.
Moral certainty, clear standards, and a commitment to spiritual ideals will set you apart in a world that searches for meaning.
If you want a president who will make things better in the African-American community, you are looking at him. You take a look!
Instead of just giving lip service to improving our schools, I will actually put the kids first and the teachers union behind in giving our kids better teachers, better options and better choices for a better future.
In recent years, we have seen the United States back away from pressuring the Castro regime, under the misguided view that placating them with an open hand would yield progress. That naivete has invited only more cruelty and oppression in return.
By making bold cuts in spending and commonsense entitlement reforms, we will make our government simpler, smaller, and smarter.
Through pro-growth policies, by abolishing Obamacare and eliminating other Obama-imposed impediments to economic growth, we will get our economy back on track.
Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution. And whether the cause is justice for the persecuted, compassion for the needy and the sick, or mercy for the child waiting to be born, there is no greater force for good in the nation than Christian conscience in action.
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.
What you believe, what you value, how you live, matters.
What we have, what we wish we had - ambitions fulfilled, ambitions disappointed, investments won, investments lost, elections won, elections lost - these things may occupy our attention, but they do not define us.
Central to America's rise to global leadership is our Judeo-Christian tradition with the vision of the goodness and possibilities of every human life.
Culture, what you believe, what you value, how you live matters. Now, as fundamental as these principles are, they may become topics of democratic debates from time to time, so it is today with the enduring institution of marriage. Marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman.
Men and women of every faith and good people with none at all sincerely strive to do right and lead a purpose-driven life.
What does it say about a president's policies when he has to use a cartoon character rather than real people to justify his record? What does it say about the fiction of old liberalism to insist that good jobs and good schools and good wages will result from policies that have failed us, time and again?
Mr. President, you were elected to lead. You chose to follow. And now it's time for you to get out of the way.
You know, out-of-touch liberals like Barack Obama say they want a strong economy, but in everything they do, they show they don't like business very much. But the economy, of course, is simply the product of all the businesses of the nation added together. So it's a bit like saying you like an omelet, but you don't like eggs.
Washington has to become an ally of business, not the opposition of business.
The promise of America has always been that if you worked hard, had the right values, took some risks, that there was an opportunity to build a better life for your family and for your next generation.
If we become one of those societies that attack success, why not come as certain there will be a lot less success? And that's not who we are.
Free enterprise has done more to lift people out of poverty, to help build a strong middle class, to help educate our kids, and to make our lives better than all the programs of government combined.
It's opportunity. It's opportunity, not a check from government - it's opportunity that has always driven America and defined us as Americans.
I don't see how a young American can vote for, well, can vote for a Democrat.
It seems that the first victim of an Obama campaign is the truth. It seems that the first victim of an Obama campaign is the truth.
So, for instance, let me make this clear: You know I signed a statement. I will not raise taxes on anybody. I don't want to raise taxes on the American people.
Let me tell you, the heart of my tax proposal: I will not raise taxes on the American people. I will not raise taxes on middle-income Americans.
When you raise taxes on small business, from 35% to 40%, you will kill jobs.
I wish President Obama had succeeded because I want America to succeed. But his promises gave way to disappointment and division. This isn't something we have to accept. Now is the moment when we can do something. With your help we will do something.
I don't doubt for a second that Neil Armstrong's spirit is still with us: that unique blend of optimism, humility and the utter confidence that when the world needs someone to do the really big stuff, you need an American.
My dad had been born in Mexico and his family had to leave during the Mexican revolution.
All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God's love - this world would be a far more gentle and better place.
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?'
And that's how it is in America. We look to our communities, our faiths, our families for our joy, our support, in good times and bad. It is both how we live our lives and why we live our lives.
If you felt that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama, shouldn't you feel that way now that he's President Obama? You know there's something wrong with the kind of job he's done as president when the best feeling you had was the day you voted for him.
That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American success story.
Some of the companies we helped start are names you know. An office supply company called Staples - where I'm pleased to see the Obama campaign has been shopping; The Sports Authority, which became a favorite of my sons. We started an early childhood learning center called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised.
What America needs is jobs. Lots of jobs.
And let me make this very clear - unlike President Obama, I will not raise taxes on the middle class. As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the freedom of religion.
President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans and heal the planet. My promise... is to help you and your family.
I will begin my presidency with a jobs tour. President Obama began with an apology tour. America, he said, had dictated to other nations. No Mr. President, America has freed other nations from dictators.
First, by 2020, North America will be energy independent by taking full advantage of our oil and coal and gas and nuclear and renewables.
Second, we will give our fellow citizens the skills they need for the jobs of today and the careers of tomorrow. When it comes to the school your child will attend, every parent should have a choice, and every child should have a chance.
Third, we will make trade work for America by forging new trade agreements. And when nations cheat in trade, there will be unmistakable consequences.
Fourth, to assure every entrepreneur and every job creator that their investments in America will not vanish as have those in Greece, we will cut the deficit and put America on track to a balanced budget.
And fifth, we will champion small businesses, America's engine of job growth. That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the most. And it means that we must rein in the skyrocketing cost of healthcare by repealing and replacing Obamacare.
The America we all know has been a story of the many becoming one, uniting to preserve liberty, uniting to build the greatest economy in the world, uniting to save the world from unspeakable darkness.
If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and freedom of the world require it.
There will always be, within a party, people who backed one candidate versus people who backed another, and there will be factions in the party, and there's always a little glee faction looking at the difficulty of the other faction.
I will continue to work with the Republican Party to try to encourage primaries.
I would love to say to all Americans: 'Each candidate is going to produce a film of an hour and a half. You're going to watch one from each candidate, and then you're going to vote!'
There are a lot of people who go to Washington or go to their state houses with a personal ambition in mind.
I'm a policy guy, believe it or not. I love policy. I love solving tough problems.
Fairness dictates that the highest income people should pay the greatest share of taxes, and they do.
I read serious books, but every now and then, I read just for fun.
I'd think people would want me to follow the law and pay only what the tax code requires.
Obamacare was very attractive, particularly to those without health insurance.
I lost my election because of my campaign, not because of what anyone else did.
The president is the leader of the nation. The president brings people together, does the deals, does the trades, knocks the heads together. The president leads.
I care about America. I care about the people that can't find jobs. I care about my 20 grandkids and what kind of America they are going to have.
I recognize that as the guy who lost the election, I'm not in a position to tell everybody else how to win, all right? They're not going to listen, and I don't have the credibility to do that anyway.
It kills me not to be there, not to be in the White House doing what needs to be done.
When I was elected governor of my state, I had a legislature 87 percent Democrat. It was not lost on me that to get anything done, I couldn't be attacking them. I had to find ways to reach out to them.
When I become president, it will be about helping the 100 percent.
We expect candor and transparency from the president, from the administration.
American official policy is that Egypt is an ally of the United States.
I talk a great deal to prior Secretaries of State about policy issues.
My whole life has been learning to lead, from my parents, to my education, to the experience I had in the private sector, to helping run the Olympics, and then of course helping guide a state.
I understand that in some industries, the input cost of energy is a major factor in whether an industry is going to locate in the United States or go elsewhere.
I'd like my grandkids to be able to watch PBS. But I'm not willing to borrow money from China, and make my kids have to pay the interest on that, and my grandkids, over generations, as opposed to saying to PBS, 'Look, you're going to have to raise more money from charitable contributions or from advertising.'
Every year, virtually every governor balances the budget.
I have a Missouri Fox Trotter. So mine's like a quarter horse, but just a much better gait - it moves very fast.
I think it suffices to say that Israel has the right to defend itself.
The right course is for the Palestinians and the Israelis to sit down at the table together. The Palestinians need to recognize that the course to the two-state solution is not through the United Nations or through the United States or through anyone else, but through a face to face series of negotiations with the Israelis.
You've got to be really careful about what you say and do anywhere you are. I actually had a dream about being in parking garage and having somebody in front of me taking too long to get their change and honking the horn and then yelling back, and getting out and yelling at each other and then seeing it on YouTube the next day.
I love practical jokes and humor. That there's frankly no joke that I don't think is funny. I love practical jokes, but I don't like being scared.
I have five boys in the family, and it's constant competition, sport, humor, and practical jokes.
Ah, it's too hard to pick a favorite president. It really is. It's like picking your favorite from a box of chocolates - I love all of them.
There are many people who think we should have zero tax on capital gains, interest and dividends for everybody, as - the very, very wealthy. But recognize that means that Bill Gates and Warren Buffett would pay no income tax at all. And some people say, 'Well, that's a good thing for growth of the economy.'
I've been in politics now for long enough to not worry about what others are saying, but instead to talk about what I believe.
I'd rather see the tax for innovation reduced rather than expanded.
I'd like Americans to save their money, and not get taxed on their savings.
Let's give people more incentives to get fuel efficient vehicles.
I have a PC. My sons have a Mac and swear by it, but I have a couple PC's.
I think when a campaign is dishonest in the ads they run about another candidate, it diminishes the campaign, it diminishes the candidate, and it diminishes the presidency.
Pre-existing conditions for those previously insured must not lead to someone being unable to get insurance.
I'm married to a girl from Wales.
People have a right to be able to bear arms.
I think that the effort to continue to look for some law to somehow make violence go away is missing the point.
For an incumbent like a president, who's been in the news every day, their family, they're well known.
It's a great experience. If you get a chance to run for president, do it.
I can tell you, Obamacare, I have been stunned by the pratfalls associated with its implementation. I simply can't understand how a president that had such an effective technology campaign and has such support among the technology community members could have put in place the implementation of Obamacare as ineffectively as he did.
I would always be happy to serve my country in any way that I was called upon to do.
There's no question in my mind that I think I would have been a better president than Barack Obama has been.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are two peas in the same pod, and the American people have tasted that, and said, 'Look, that's not a good taste.'
Humanity is not common in its views.
The world relies upon, and America must rely upon, a strong military.
The big story of 2013, a very distressing year, is that Americans continue not to be able to find the full-time jobs they need, and that's something which the president has to recognize as the first priority of his administration.
People don't want to be told what type of insurance they have to have.
In my view, Russia has not been a particularly collaborative player on the world stage.
Were it my choice, I would not vote for Russia to hold the Winter Olympics or the Summer Olympics. But it's not my choice.
The decision to put American lives at risk is a decision that has a very high hurdle to pass.
Happiness, for me, is a function of the number of people I love, and I think joy and happiness is directly related to how many people are in our lives and how deeply we are bonded with those people.
There is no day more joyful in my life than when I see all my family around me. That's the best it gets.
If I have a bad hair day, I just think, 'Well, it will be an OK hair day tomorrow. Just put your head down and go.'
I actually have several busts of Ronald Reagan that have been presented to me.
Mike Dukakis, you know, he can't get a job mowing lawns.
John Kerry was always in front of the camera but not out doing the hard work.
I think effective leaders typically are able to see the future to a certain degree and then try to take actions to shape it in some way.
I love my dad. It's fair to say that I probably would not have thought of politics had I not seen my mom and dad involved in politics.
Education is largely run at the state level.
Primaries are the place where you see whose message is connecting with the largest number of people.
I think we should have the majority of the party's voters decide who they want as their nominee.
During the Reagan years, government shut down eight different times under a Democrat Congress. The president and Congress worked together and got things straightened out. Under the Carter years, again a Democrat Congress, the government shut down five times.
I do recognize and I feel very comfortable with people taking a good look at how I've lived my life, and obviously my faith is a big part of that.
Woody Allen said that 95% of history is explained as a man trying to impress a woman. And that's true in my life.
It's fashionable in some circles to be pessimistic about America, about conservative solutions, about the Republican Party. I utterly reject that pessimism.
I have seen American determination in people like Debbi Sommers. She runs a furniture rental business for conventions in Las Vegas. When 9/11 hit, and again, when the recession tanked the conventions business, she didn't give up, close down, or lay off her people. She taught them not just to rent furniture, but also to manufacture it.
I've met people of great faith. I sat in the home of Billy Graham and in the residence of Cardinal Dolan and prayed with these men of God.
If I were to offer advice to any president of the United States, it would be this: do whatever you can do to keep America the most prosperous and free and powerful nation on earth.
We look to our pastors and priests and rabbis and counselors of all kinds to testify of the enduring principles upon which our society is built: honesty, charity, integrity and family.
We Americans have always felt a special kinship with the future.
I was born in the middle of the century in the middle of the country, a classic Baby Boomer.
When President Kennedy challenged Americans to go to the moon, the question wasn't whether we'd get there, it was only when we'd get there.
I believe that if America does not lead, others will - others who do not share our interests and our values - and the world will grow darker, for our friends and for us.
The 21st century can and must be an American century. It began with terror, war, and economic calamity. It is our duty to steer it onto the path of freedom, peace, and prosperity.
Free enterprise cannot only make us better off financially, it can make us better people.
In every stump speech I give, I speak about the fact that people who dream and achieve enormous success do not make us poorer - they make us better off.
Freedom requires religion just as religion requires freedom. Freedom opens the windows of the soul so that man can discover his most profound beliefs and commune with God. Freedom and religion endure together, or perish alone.
When I place my hand on the Bible and take the oath of office, that oath becomes my highest promise to God.
A president must serve only the common cause of the people of the United States.
It is time to cut out the mountains of waste and inefficiency and duplication in the federal government.
What's at the heart of my faith is a belief that there's a creator. That we're all children of the same God. And that, fundamentally, the relationship you have with your spouse is important and eternal.
A white male Mormon millionaire was not gonna beat Ted Kennedy in Massachusetts, but someone deserved to go out there and give him a real run for his money.
I will preserve and protect a woman's right to choose, and am devoted and dedicated to honoring my word in that regard.
I appreciate the few people who say nice things about me and say, 'Gee, you were right about this,' or, 'You were right about that.' But frankly, I spend my time looking ahead. I've got 23 grandkids, and I'm concerned about what their world is going to be like.
I think I had a superb campaign team. And I know it's always expected that if you lose, people point to the campaign team and say, 'Gee, they didn't do their job well.' If you win, they're all brilliant. And the team, in my view, did a superb job.
I will support the Republican nominee. I don't think that's going to be Donald Trump. My party has historically nominated someone who's a mainstream conservative.
I'm very much engaged in the political battles, but I'm doing it as a supporter of Republicans out of conservatism rather than an active candidate.
Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University.
Presidents have an impact on the nature of our nation.
Trickle-down racism, trickle-down bigotry, trickle-down misogyny, all these things are extraordinarily dangerous to the heart and character of America.
I don't want to see a president of the United States saying things which change the character of the generations of Americans that are following.
If Bill Weld were at the top of the ticket, it would be very easy for me to vote for Bill Weld for president.
The only way to win the White House, in my view, is to become a nominee of either the Republican or the Democrat Party, and simply running to be a spoiler would not give the American people, I think, the chance to express their own views about Mr. Trump or about Secretary Clinton.
I wish everybody in the Republican Party had rejected Mr. Trump and chosen someone else.
There are a lot of folks who endorsed me that I would not want to see as president.
The people who can save this party are Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, or John Kasich.
There's no question I'm going to do everything within the normal political bounds to make sure we don't nominate Donald Trump.
Donald Trump has shown an extraordinary ability to show an understanding how our economy works, to create jobs for the American people.
Donald Trump just happens to be one of those who endorsed me I do not want to see as president of the United States.
I must admit I found it astonishing to watch the candidates below Donald Trump beat up each other and never lay a glove on the front-runner. I mean, when I was running, everybody went after the front-runner and pointed out my weaknesses and foibles, and that's part of the normal primary process.
Donald Trump represents a threat both to the party and to the country. I believe he makes the world far more dangerous, I believe he puts America's economy in jeopardy. And his temperament is totally unsuited for the presidency.
As a little boy, I wanted to be a policeman. And then as I got older, and I saw my dad in the car business, an automobile executive.
I love cars; I like the idea of manufacturing something, having a product, a hard product to sell and promote, but as time went on, I recognized that car companies are so bureaucratic and so ossified that it would take forever to work your way up. And so I went into consulting.
I would love to be president. I just concluded I was not the best person to carry forward the Republican torch.
I'm afraid you're gonna have to see more American military involvement in order to keep ISIS from spreading even further.
People in politics always say they're spending time with their family, but in my case, it's a big family. We got 23 grandkids, so I get to spend a lotta time with them, and it's extraordinarily enjoyable.
The voters of the country decide who they want to support, and the delegates are elected to also make a determination of who would be in the best interest of the party and the country to be our nominee.
The real people who suffer when business is leaving or not successful are the people in the middle class.
If you want to get wages up in America for middle income Americans, there's only one way I know how to do that in real terms... by having more businesses want to hire more people.
The reason I'm an American is for all the people in this country and recognizing that if business is thriving and growing, it will create more jobs, raise wages of our people, allow us to care for our seniors, get a better education for our kids, and allow us to have the kind of military that can defend American interests around the world.
Look, rich people and business people do well whether Republicans or Democrats are in charge.
American official policy is that Egypt is an ally of the United States. Of course, we recognize that Egypt has gone through a dramatic change in government. And what their status will be going forward in terms of the relationship with our nation is something which which I'm sure will be developing over time.
The biggest source of getting the country to a balanced budget is not by raising taxes or by cutting spending. It's by encouraging the growth of the economy.
My guess is that my mom and dad are very actively involved in the affairs of the next life, and they don't spend too much time looking back. My dad used to say he always looks forward; he never looks back.
The weakness that our campaign and that I had is we weren't effective in taking my message primarily to minority voters.
I'm not running again. I will say this: It was a great experience. I loved it.
I went and campaigned for Ken Cuccinelli and did a fund-raiser for Ken Cuccinelli. He's not from my faction of the Republican Party, but you know what? When the nominee is chosen, we have got to come together, or we will never lead.
I think the trend to move towards caucuses and conventions, whether to nominate senators, governors or presidential nominees, I think the move towards caucuses and conventions is a very bad one, and that our party should reward those states that spend the time and money to have primaries.
I think it's one of the challenges of modern politics, which is, how do you communicate who the candidate is, and what they really believe, in the short time period you have? And for me, the best opportunity was the debates, and I think I was in real trouble before the debates, and I think the debates helped me a lot.
I'm not sure people would think of me in this light, but frankly, what I enjoyed most about Bain & Company, the consulting firm, was the analytical process of solving tough problems.
I have never believed in my own ability to succeed at everything. I recognize I'm a human being like everybody else, and I make mistakes and fall short time and again.
Millennials, minorities, women - until we can connect with those populations, we're going to have some difficulty electorally.
There never was a democracy yet where the people didn't vote themselves into oblivion.
Probably the toughest time in my life was - was standing there with Ann as we hugged each other and the diagnosis came. And I was afraid it was Lou Gehrig's disease. As we came into the doctor's office, the brochures on his table there were Lou Gehrig's, ALS, and multiple sclerosis.
Good Democrats love America. Good Republicans love America. We need a leader who understands not just the words of unity but the practice of building unity.
What I do is allow middle-income families to finally be able to save their money tax-free. No tax on interest dividends or capital gains for middle-income Americans.
My highest priority is to make sure we get Americans back to work. And that we have rising incomes again and that we have a deficit reduction program in place that convinces the world that we're on track to having a balanced budget.
I was indeed very critical of Mr. Trump during his campaign.
Russia is not a friendly character on the world stage.
The greatest threat that the world faces is a nuclear Iran. A nuclear North Korea is already troubling enough.
I looked at the race, and I said, 'Look. Hillary Clinton is going to be hard to beat.' Another bad prediction on my part, because she's turned out a lot weaker than I thought.
The economy is my wheel house.
Obama has so mismanaged the economy.
Dad was an outstanding leader. He'd bring in top thinkers from a wide array of fields - how to fix the Detroit schools, for example. I watched him in these meetings. He listened and probed.
I'm very much engaged in the political battles. But I'm doing it as a supporter of Republicans... rather than as an active candidate.
I do not want to see Hillary Clinton as our next president.
I was affectionately known as Bird Legs during high school.
My son has dubbed me 'the Glove'.
My party has historically nominated someone who's a mainstream conservative.
Donald Trump tells us that he is very, very smart. I'm afraid that when it comes to foreign policy, he is very, very not smart.
I've always been a rodent and rabbit hunter - small varmints, if you will. I began when I was 15 or so, and I have hunted those kinds of varmints since then.
I like the 'Twilight' series. That was fun.
I don't like vampires personally. I don't know any.
I actually like jokes as well as things that are sort of fun.
Frankly, I was born with a silver spoon.
I have inherited nothing. Everything Ann and I have we have earned the old-fashioned way.
Now not every policy Donald Trump has floated is bad. He wants to repeal and replace Obamacare. He wants to bring jobs home from China and Japan. But his prescriptions to do these things are flimsy at best.
Successfully bringing jobs home requires serious policy and reforms that make America the place businesses want to plant and grow. You can't punish business into doing the things you want.
I am far from the first to conclude that Donald Trump lacks the temperament to be president.
The President of the United States has long been the leader of the free world. The president and, yes, the nominees of the country's great parties help define America to billions of people. All of them bear the responsibility of being an example for our children and grandchildren.
China can be our partner, but that doesn't mean that they can just roll all over us and steal our jobs on an unfair basis.
I am a son of Detroit. I was born in Detroit.
I like American cars. And I would do nothing to hurt the U.S. auto industry.
I happen to love the patriotic songs of America.
I kind of like America. I'm not looking for it to be fundamentally transformed into something else. I don't want it to become like Europe.
I want America to be more like America, if you will. I want the songs, that patriotism we have.
It's an advantage to have two parents, but to have one parent to stay closely connected and at home during those early years of education can be very very important.
While I was governor, 85 percent of the people on a form of welfare assistance in my state had no work requirement. I wanted to increase the work requirement.
I recognized that if you're going to have women in the workforce that sometimes you need to be more flexible.
Getting people health insurance is a good thing, and that's what Tom Stemberg fought for.
Without Romneycare, I don't think we would have Obamacare.
Donald Trump has had several foreign wives. It turns out that there really are jobs Americans won't do.
President Obama's astonishing failure to secure an orderly transition in Iraq has unnecessarily put at risk the victories that were won through the blood and sacrifice of thousands of American men and women.
I'm not concerned about the very poor. We have a safety net there. If it needs a repair, I'll fix it.
We do have tough gun laws in Massachusetts. I support them. I won't chip away at them. I believe they help protect us and provide for our safety.
My position on guns is the same position I've had for a long, long time. That position is that I don't line up a hundred percent with the NRA. I don't see eye to eye with the NRA on every issue.
