French,Politician
I molded myself against le Front National. Against hate speech, be it racist, sexist, xenophobic, or homophobic. Against the kind of injustice I faced during my own life.
School was always a major player in my personal journey. It allowed me to open up to the world, and also social mobility. It allowed me to enrich myself, to read, learn and understand.
When I look back at where I came from, at the school I attended... my classmates for the most part haven't had successful paths - many have had a difficult, chaotic path.
It is not just family that must transmit values, but school also.
When I started out, it was rare to see elected representatives with foreign roots. Often, I was relegated to my origins, put in the diversity box: 'You're the new face of diversity.' That annoyed me because I always felt French, and suddenly I was being made to feel I wan't as French as others.
I feel totally French - I don't feel half-French because of my dual nationality. For me, dual nationality just means I don't deny my roots.
I'm aware that beyond my own need to find a personal balance, I should be sending a signal to society as women's minister about the importance of work-life balance.
Compared to some of our neighbours, it's not frowned upon to be a mother and work in France.
We have to reappropriate the concept of laicite (secularism) so we can explain to our young pupils that whatever their faith, they belong to this idea, and they're not excluded. Secularism is not something against them; it protects them.
If a big number of young pupils felt secularism was an attack on them, it was because the term had been misused and deformed in the public debate for years by the extreme-right and the right as an attack on Islam. The term had often been misused to point out how Muslims were different to others, and that is clearly problematic.
On certain, delicate subjects, bringing in outsiders to talk about values is pertinent because pupils listen to them more attentively.
Equality in education is my number one battle.
I was very shy and reserved, so it was a bit contradictory to get into politics.
I decided to make a lifetime commitment against social injustices, against inequalities, and that is why I am profoundly from the Left.
By continuing to increase teacher recruitment and training - and ameliorating wages and working conditions - we will be able to shore up the weaknesses of the French education system.
In Europe, we will work towards having a common stance, while in France, we will strengthen our protection for asylum seekers whose lives are in danger because of their sexual orientation.
We have to be careful not to have a form of militant secularism in our country, which is counter-productive for children we would like to see - adhere - to secularism.
As long as there is no proselytism... we must facilitate the partnership between parents and schools.
How can a child adhere to school and the notion of secularism when they see their mother rejected from a school outing, stigmatized, left on the sidelines, just because she has a scarf on her head?
The education ministry files suit every time there is a case of identity fraud.
Our universities also have a lot of foreign students. Are we going to ban them access because in their culture there's a certain type of clothing?
My dream of society is a society where women are free and proud of their bodies.
People can't even imagine that it's possible to succeed anymore.
I have a chart for success at school because it gave me a great deal of pleasure. It opened my mind to the world. I learned to read.
Reading changes your perspective and feeds your imagination.
I would like all French children to have unlimited opportunities opened up for them as French minister of education.
