South African,Politician
We all belong to South Africa, and South Africa belongs to us all.
The fight for freedom must go on until it is won; until our country is free and happy and peaceful as part of the community of man, we cannot rest.
The true facts are not always obvious. They often have to be looked for.
My problem in calling for pressures on South Africa is to convince the youth to convince their governments and people that it is not the South African goods that are cheap, but the forced labor of the Africans.
I didn't really want to be a teacher, but there was nothing else I could be. Most of those who went to the university became teachers. It was just the racial restriction on Africans.
We believe that the world, too, can destroy apartheid, firstly by striking at the economy of South Africa.
The more pressure you bring from without, the less internal pressure is necessary.
We have got to move away from the concept of race and color because that is what apartheid is. We cannot end apartheid if we retain these concepts.
Our target is not negotiations, it is the end of the apartheid system. There can be no compromise about that.
The struggle to conquer oppression in our country is the weaker for the traditionalist, conservative, and primitive restraints imposed on women by man-dominated structures within our movement, as also because of equally traditionalist attitudes of surrender and submission on the part of women.
Racial discrimination, South Africa's economic power, its oppression and exploitation of all the black peoples, are part and parcel of the same thing.
How do you deal with a criminal that will not listen to what you have to say and who continues his policy of violence? Some say you continue to talk and let him tire himself out. But nearly 40 years after the institution of apartheid, is there anyone who still believes that verbal persuasion will work?
The land on which the cattle grazed was communal property. It was owned by no one. It was nobody's private farm. It was the common property of the people, shared by the people. So the practice of sharing was central to the concept of ownership of property.
We have a vision of South Africa in which black and white shall live and work together as equals in conditions of peace and prosperity.
We had to forge an alliance of strength based not on colour but on commitment to the total abolition of apartheid and oppression; we would seek allies, of whatever colour, as long as they were totally agreed on our liberation aims.
If apartheid is removed, then the violence that is necessary to maintain it will be removed along with the pressures from apartheid which create a violent response.
The results showed that Joe Mokoena and I had made history. For the first time in the history of education in South Africa, two African students had passed the JC with a First Class degree, regarded as a rare achievement for any student.
There is nothing in ANC policy which calls for attacks on civilians in supermarkets, schools, and cinemas unless these are regarded as military installations.
It is often suggested that the A.N.C. is controlled by the Communist Party, by Communists. Well, I have been long enough in the A.N.C. to know that that has never been true.
The A.N.C. was established in 1912 and the S.A. Communist Party in 1921, and so there has been an overlapping of membership all along the line.
Whites, like ourselves, belong to our country. They are compatriots, fellow citizens... we see them as Africans.
The people of South Africa are ready to stand up to the oppressions of the Pretoria regime, and they are ready to fight back.
Those who want to perpetuate apartheid also seek to divert your attention to the false issue of communism, to send the entire American public on a witch hunt.
You were not wanted. You were, at best, tolerated. You had to be constantly on your guard, like an animal in a jungle full of beasts of prey. You experienced it all within the short distance of five miles from the gates of St. Peter's to Park Station in the city.
I would not hesitate to vote for a white person as president if I thought he was the best person for the job.
Responsibility for the proper conduct of children was not confined to their parents only. When they misbehaved, they misbehaved against the community. And a senior member of the community was expected to do something about it.
I was just an ordinary student. I'd always gotten along with authorities quite well.
Apartheid is inherently a practice of violence.
The sanctions will not kill us. It's apartheid that's killing us.
The Soviet Union was a very useful ally in the defeat of Nazi Germany.
How can it be said we should use only constitutional means in our struggle, when all resistance is illegal and we have no way to change the brutal realities of the racism regime?
Who is a terrorist? Is it not the person who has been persecuting human beings simply because they are black?
