American,Politician
I wish my brother well. We agree to disagree, but he is a good man. He is my brother.
People want to give everybody a pass, but leadership comes at a price.
Perjury before Congress is perjury to the American people and an affront to the fundamental principles of our republic and the rule of law. Such behavior cannot be tolerated.
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution grants Congress clear jurisdiction with regard to U.S. citizenship and immigration matters.
Do you understand about water in the West? Whiskey's for drinking; water's for fightin' over.
The president and his open border allies may hate the fact that the Constitution gets in the way of their political agenda, but it's up to Congress to take bold action and stop this lawlessness.
The integrity of our government, our Republic, fundamentally relies on the principle that no person, not even the president or the nation's chief law enforcement officer, is above our laws.
108 members of congress have signed onto my Resolution of No Confidence in Attorney General Holder as a first step towards recognizing that he must be held accountable for the actions of his department and for his personal unwillingness to cooperate with congressional oversight requests.
We have a lot of things, you know, as a medical professional, we have to start looking at, some of the, particularly, the transgender issue has to be looked at in the psychotic - the psychosis in regards to the medical community and looking at that application because there's a lot of mixed studies in those regards.
I am honored to have heard from so many voters, supporters, and local elected officials who have been pleased with the work I have done on their behalf. They want and deserve a leader who will aggressively pursue strong conservative policies and get results. That's exactly what I have done.
Administrator McCarthy committed perjury and made several false statements at multiple congressional hearings and as a result, is guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors - an impeachable offense.
Aren't we supposed to be standing for something instead of falling for everything?
The magic of the American experience is that we've upheld the rule of law for everybody, everybody treated equally beneath the law.
Nobody's lesser or greater; that's what our Constitution is about.
All men are created equal.
It is time to reclaim our nation's moral compass.
If the United States has normalized relations with Cuba, why would we treat illegal immigrants from that nation any different than those from other countries? It is time we level the playing field and end the outdated, preferential treatment for Cubans.
Our leadership in D.C. should be bold and determined.
We have to learn to do more with less.
If the Pope wants to devote his life to fighting climate change, then he can do so in his personal time. But to promote questionable science as Catholic dogma is ridiculous.
If the Pope plans to spend the majority of his time advocating for flawed climate change policies, then I will not attend.
It is my hope that Pope Francis realizes his time is better spent focusing on matters like religious tolerance and the sanctity of all life.
It is difficult to convey the excitement I first felt when it was revealed that His Holiness Pope Francis was invited to Washington D.C. to address the world from the floor of the House of Representatives.
The earth's climate has been changing since God created it, with or without man. On that, we should all agree.
If the Pope spoke out with moral authority against violent Islam, I would be there cheering him on.
If the Pope urged the Western nations to rescue persecuted Christians in the Middle East, I would back him wholeheartedly.
The thing about it is, I'm one of these people that if you're not getting anywhere, you gotta change it up, and you gotta ask more questions.
I'm results-oriented.
Like so many Americans, I am sick and tired of watching the rapid decline of our culture right in front of our eyes.
We impugn the private sector, we impugn main street America, and the bureaucracy cannot be held to any different standard whatsoever.
Leadership has a price.
The only way that we can disincentivize Central American immigrants from illegally entering our country is if we change our policies, tweak our laws, cut the bureaucratic red tape and immediately send them back to their countries of origin. Until then, this self-imposed crisis will continue to worsen.
A government that can take all and can seize all, a government that doesn't trust its citizens, a government that says it's their way or the highway... that's the scary part.
I've asked the Department of the Interior inspector general to look into how much manpower and taxpayer money has been spent responding to ALEC-supported bills that force federal land managers to give land to states.
We do not need more status quo.
We do not need mindless spending bills with no reforms attached.
We do not need $1 allowed for the president to enact amnesty.
Water's about everything. And when the federal government controls water, it controls everything - that's the problem.
I refuse to go along with the status quo of more wasteful federal spending, and I refuse to let the Obama Administration continue to force their misguided ideology through regulatory overreach.
Our country needs more bold, conservative leaders that will actually do what they promised to do prior to coming to Washington D.C.
While Secretary Napolitano may be gone, she will not be forgotten. Her inaction and incompetence on border security will continue to plague our nation for years to come.
I have been relentless in my pursuit to hold Eric Holder accountable for his actions and will not rest until the door officially hits him on his way out.
The people around the nation, but specifically in Arizona where operation Fast and Furious was carried out, deserve more from their president and their attorney general. I will not rest until full answers are given about this project, justice is served for those responsible, and Attorney General Holder takes responsibility for his role.
You're not going to find me cringe from my record.
You don't have to agree with my vote, but you need to at least understand how I came to my vote.
Shockingly, the Government Accountability Institute has reported that the 2008 and 2012 Obama campaigns received questionable contributions of more than $500 million as a result of poor disclosure requirements.
When you have over 500 million dollars in questionable contributions, shouldn't that start to alert people?
I know Gov. Palin is a classy lady and has her head on straight.
When it comes to politics, it's nice to be mired with Sarah Palin. But I'm Paul Gosar. I'm my own person.
We were sent here to hold government accountable.
It's really hard to judge people until you see what they do with the job.
We have farmers in southwestern Yuma, so immigration - they wanted to talk to us about it.
We need immigration reform, but we need open-air, smaller bills that are germane to an issue and have an open discussion with the American people.
We shouldn't have to pass a bill to find out what's in it.
I have nothing to hide.
Our border security is laughable.
America's angry. America's scared. They want security from their country.
The consequences of Fast and Furious are higher crime and more deaths. I remain committed to seeing justice brought for Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry and the hundreds of Mexicans who have lost their lives.
I said what I was going to do. I'm going to do it. And if I deliver on that, my reelection will be just fine.
Increased spending, all these favors that we got to do for people - it's got to stop.
I will continue to ask the president and his subordinates to work with Congress rather than against it.
It's absolutely shameful that Rep. Grijalva would try to use tribes as political pawns to implement the misguided agenda of extremist environmental groups.
It is inconceivable that releasing an illegal immigrant that could cause a tuberculosis pandemic here in the U.S. would ever be considered as a possible option.
