American,Politician
A robust democracy requires active participation.
The policy of the future cannot forever be determined by the politics of the past - or even the present.
In the old way of doing business, it was fine to disagree and then go to dinner. Now it's personal and more partisan, and a disagreement on one issue leads to a disagreement on another issue.
I have never been in favor of gay marriage, and I am not in favor of gay marriage.
Because fossil fuels are not only a finite resource but hazardous to the environment, it is imperative that we diversify the resources used in generating electricity.
I think it becomes incumbent upon a candidate to essentially disavow some of the things that are in that party platform. Otherwise, I think the assumption is that you are a true believer.
Our voting records are not necessarily the same, but, you know, we're all Texans, and at the end of the day, we try to help each other out.
We must work for a solution to address the senseless cuts that hurt our border, our economy, and our country.
There's no such thing as anybody who can't be beat; everybody can be beat. It's a question of how hard you're willing to work. It's a question of the environment, the surroundings. Frankly, there's a lot of issues with timing.
PACs don't vote in the district; people do.
The luxury for me is that I've spent already several millions of dollars across the district getting people to know who I am... So, my name ID is really, really high.
If you want to come fight the good fight to make a difference for people and to try to get the government back on track, where we govern from the middle and not from the extremes, then understand that it's a lonely road, and you're going to have a hard time.
Frankly, no issue is worth shutting down the government and denying pay to those committed to public service.
I saw how hard my parents worked, and I didn't want to be a freeloader.
In Mexico, they don't have birth certificates... They don't have registration cards for voters. They have one national ID. We don't have a national ID.
Every decision I make in Congress will be centered on the needs of the district.
I didn't come to Washington to be part of the problem.
It was in the best interests of Zavala and other counties that we move forward with a farm bill and provide certainty to ranchers, farmers, food banks, and other providers.
I learned long ago you run unopposed, or you run scared.
The fact that I am Latino is not a secret. There's not much I can do about that. It is what it is. I think people know that my last name ends in a vowel. What can I tell you?
The irony is that kids are treated equally when it comes to tests and standards and expectations but not treated equally when providing funds to meet those standards and expectations.
HB 2 leaves 90% of the children behind. The disconnect between this bill and the basic needs of Texas schoolchildren is appalling.
I told the president 'no' to special treatment for Congress when he tried to exempt them from Obamacare.
Obama's very unpopular. I don't need a poll to tell me that.
How do you defend inaction in the face of crisis? How is that defensible for anybody?
We've made our living for a long time on commerce and trade at the border.
As the polarization in D.C. spreads, the people willing to come to the middle find less and less acceptance.
I like having a battleground district because I think that's real-life America.
In the district I represent, I have to talk to everybody.
I don't have the luxury of just hanging out in my primary and, once I win the primary, I'm fine. I have to talk to Democrats and Republicans.
My family never took vacations; we never traveled together. We never did anything. My spring breaks were going home to help my dad at the restaurant.
It's tremendously undemocratic in a democratic society when you deliberately disenfranchise thousands of people.
Turnout is good for the system.
I'm confident in my strengths. I'm prepared to jump any hurdle.
For me, the issue is if I'm your advocate, if I'm your representative, my job is to stand up for you and talk about you and defend you.
One of the things that ties people together, whether they live in a rural or urban area, is the really big number of people who have served in the military. Veterans issues are very important in the district.
It's a lack of respect for the community when you're not willing to debate because it's the 'wrong' network.
One of the things in my experience about changing parties: There are very few exceptions to the general rule. And the general rule has been, people are going to invite you into the church, but they are not going to make you a deacon.
You want to empower people who think like you do.
