Dutch,Politician
Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, they're very intolerant.
When I become prime minister, I'm going to buy one of those Margaret Thatcher handbags, and I'll bang it on the table and demand my money back from the government for past bad services.
We have a lot of guests who are trying to take over the house and the owner of the house doesn't like it.
Right-wing in Holland is to the Left of the Tories in England.
Christianity and Judaism have gone through the laundromat of humanism and enlightenment, but that is not the case with Islam.
Christianity and Judaism have gone through the process of enlightenment, making them creative and constructive elements in society.
Modern society places an emphasis on individual responsibility, whereas Islam places an emphasis on collective responsibility and the family.
In Holland, homosexuality is treated the same way as heterosexuality. In what Islamic country does that happen?
Le Pen is a petit bourgeois nationalist.
All those who are here can stay. I don't say send them home like he does.
What we are witnessing now is a clash of civilisations, not just between states but within them.
Why they vote for me is irrelevant, but if they do, they're in safe hands.
Moroccan boys never steal from Moroccans.
I say what I think, and I do what I say!
If you're successful, you must express a modest appearance.
We are already overcrowded. There's no more room, and we must shut the borders.
This is a full country. I think 16 million Dutchmen are about enough.
How can you respect a culture if the woman has to walk several steps behind her man, has to stay in the kitchen and keep her mouth shut?
I have traveled a lot in the world, and wherever Islam is in charge, it's just terrible.
I'm not anti-Muslim; I'm not anti-immigration.
I'm saying we've got big problems in our cities. It's not very smart to make the problem bigger by letting in millions more immigrants from rural Muslim cultures that don't assimilate.
My policies are multi-ethnic and certainly not racist.
I want to stop the influx of new immigrants. This way, we can give those who are already here the opportunity to fully integrate into our society.
This country is bursting.
Le Pen is old; I'm young.
I am a citizen of the world.
