Indian,Politician
Women politicians take their job seriously and accomplish their duties diligently and sensitively. Only they can understand the problems of women and act as a sounding board for their concerns.
It is very creditable when a woman gets into politics. She does this at the expense of responsibilities toward her home and family and should be lauded for this.
Modi Model of Development is more a hype than reality, and the Congress has always stood for inclusive development.
The electricity tariff in Punjab is highest in north India, and it should be decreased.
Every time I have visited the U.S., I have been asked to let loose my hair and remove the hair pins. Each time, I have put up a defiant face.
The turban is an inextricable part of the Sikh identity. Sikhs say you may take off their head but not the turban.
Women are totally unsafe in Punjab.
The police in Punjab has been politicised; it has become a wing of the Akali Dal.
Pakistani prisoners are safe in Indian jails. We are a responsible government.
The Indian community in the U.K. has a unique place in our diaspora. U.K. is the first country which has an Indian community truly representative of its diversity.
While U.K. is one of India's most important trade and investment partners, India has become one of the largest investors in the U.K.
Over 600 Indian companies have opened their offices in U.K. and have secured the second highest number of jobs by a foreign employer in the U.K.
India's dynamic growth, coupled with its large reservoir of skilled workforce, its commitment to democracy, and the rule of law, all taken together make India a very attractive investment destination.
The total bogus voters in Dera Bassi might be several thousand.
When an Indian meets a terrorist, we condemn this.
The Indo-Canadian community has been a microcosm of the people of Indian origin living abroad besides reflecting India's diversity.
Politics is a potent way to empower women.
I still cherish the memory of walking into the Parliament for the first time.
Women are as much politicians as men, and I hope that more and more women will enter public life through politics, as this would not only increase participation of women in public life but also have a salutary effect for the amelioration of women's status in India.
I look forward to the day when there are more women politicians accepted in their own right and not as 'women politicians.'
