Israeli,Politician
A multicultural society does not reject the culture of the other but is prepared to listen, to see, to dialogue and, in the final analysis, to possibly accept the other's culture without compromising its own.
Learning the core curriculum cannot come through coercion. It must come through a recognition of the need to integrate with economic life.
It's not for the president to determine the arrangements between Israel and the Palestinians, and the Arab world, but to be the bridge between opinions and to facilitate dialogue and understanding.
All humanity share a common future, and we must work to try and shape it together. This is our duty, and it is our responsibility to our children and grandchildren.
There is no, and cannot be, any situation in which we don't respect the law and the judiciary. It is unacceptable to attack the courts; criticism is allowed, but attacks are not. It shakes the basis of our democracy.
As a Jew, even if you were not born in Poland, the very name, Poland, gives rise to a shuddering in your body and a longing in your heart. This country was the breeding ground for the soul of the Jewish nation, and unfortunately, also grounds to the largest Jewish cemetery.
We need a broad government which will make decisions, but not a national unity government, because we are divided from within.
We are living in a multicultural society. Our role as leaders is to enable grappling with this situation, even when multiculturalism is difficult.
No nation is immune to anti-Semitism and xenophobia.
Multiculturalism is a bed of beautiful roses that has some thorns, so we just have to be careful not to get pricked or to prick one another.
We have always realized, as Israelis and as Jews, that we are not fighting Islam and thus avoided turning the Temple Mount issue into a war of Jews against Muslims.
As a rule, whenever I hear about a demographic threat, it comes first of all from a type of thinking that says the Arabs are a threat. And this leads to thinking of transfer or that they should be killed. I am appalled by this kind of talk.
It seems to me that many of the belligerent Jewish movements that were built upon hatred of Arabs - and I'm not only talking about Lieberman, but within the Likud as well - grew out of the patronizing socialist attitude that said, 'They'll be there, and we'll be here.'
There is a conflict in the Middle East between two entities, and they're both right, each in their own way.
One could establish a system in one state in which Judea and Samaria are jointly held. The Jews would vote for a Jewish parliament and the Palestinians for an Arab parliament, and we would create a system in which life is shared.
I'm a utopianist.
I won't intervene in Knesset decisions.
I pray that we learn to live together. That Jerusalem is one, with law and order.
Israel's foreign policy has three points: the relationship with the U.S., the relationship with the U.S., and the relationship with the U.S.
There's no doubt we'd be very angry if the American president had come to the Knesset and argued against the government of Israel.
I want to thank the American people - on both sides of the aisle - for years of financial, diplomatic, and military support, and for helping us carry the burden of defense.
Everyone needs to understand that we were meant to live together in this country. We have to get to know one another; even if we don't agree, we have to enable each side to express itself.
Jerusalem should not tolerate any religious war.
Jerusalem is the united capital of Israel. Since 1967, anyone can practice his religion according to his own conscience and complete free will.
Jewish and Arab neighborhoods in Jerusalem are interlaced one with the other.
We demand that people don't deny the Holocaust, and we can't ignore the tragedy of another nation.
Conflicts, even just ones, which in the end can come at the expense of the State of Israel, are things that we must be very cautious about and hold back on personally.
We also need the world, even though many times we don't agree with it.
Netanyahu must mend fences with Obama.
To come and say about me that I'm destroying Israel, that I hate Israel, that's a bit insulting.
United Jerusalem has been and will forever be the capital of the Jewish People.
Direct talks is the only possible way to build trust and to resolve the conditions for a peace perspective between Palestinians and Israelis.
We must stay focused on the bilateral negotiations between the Palestinians and us.
There are no short cuts, no detours in the Middle East.
The Knesset was right to limit the president's tenure to seven years.
I ask the members of the Knesset to be very strict about maintaining the principles of democracy.
I see myself as a former politician, and in that capacity, I say to other politicians, 'Hold back.'
One cannot tell the High Court what to adjudicate. They must judge, and then the legislature must act accordingly.
When we come to the hospital to give birth, we don't come as a Jew or an Arab; we come as a human being.
Israeli society is comprised of four principal tribes growing closer in size.
The burden is on the Jewish majority in Israel to prove that the definition of their country as Jewish and democratic is not a contradiction.
The relationship between the Jews and Arabs is necessary to help build a bridge between Israelis and Palestinians.
The idea that the State of Israel could be democracy only for its Jewish citizens is unconscionable, and we must find a way to address this.
It pains me to see the gap that exists in the public's consciousness - religious and secular - between the notion of Israel as a Jewish state and as a democratic state.
I believe that our democratic values are also born out of our Jewish faith, a 'love for the stranger,' and equality before the law - these are not foreign values: this is Judaism.
We are one family, and the connection between all Jews, all over the world, is very important to the State of Israel.
There is one thing on which Arik will make no concessions: terrorism.
In the end, Arik believes in security above all and is a salient pragmatist, a disciple of Ben-Gurion.
Arik is suffused with a mystical belief about Jerusalem.
Whereas, in the personal realm, Sharon is a very sensitive person whose eyes often grow moist, in the national realm, he is entirely without emotions.
Undoubtedly, a democratic state without an alternative is a danger to democracy itself.
Peres came with a worldview. I also came with a worldview that I have not abandoned and that guides me still.
I know that sometimes politics creates situations in which people want to say particular things for political reasons.
We must immediately find the way to come and say to the U.S., 'Despite the difficult differences of opinion between us, there are no closer friends, and no better allies than you to us, and we to you.'
We have many candidates, like in reality television, but we don't really have a leader.
The reality is that we only have one person whom the public sees as appropriate to be prime minister, and that's a shame. I think that if there were more, it would be better for everyone, including Netanyahu.
Today, there are those who hallucinate that a democratic and Jewish state is only democratic for the Jews.
The Palestinians must understand that this is our home, to which we have returned, and we also have to understand that this is the homeland of all those born to it.
There are many Palestinians who believe there is no way to recognize Israel as a Jewish state. They call for the right of the return of refugees to Israel - something which is unacceptable for the consensus in Israel and which strikes at the very heart of this issue.
All sides must learn to respect one another.
There will never be peace unless we have open borders. But that does not mean open on our side and you continue to hit me on the other.
We are not fighting against the Palestinian people, and we are not at war with Islam. We are fighting against terrorism.
The depth of this conflict, which is more than one hundred years old, requires us to find a way to communicate... so that the residents of the Middle East, Jews and Arabs alike, can live not as if they were forced to live together, but rather destined to live together.
My door will be open to everyone.
Those who know my stance on Israeli democracy also know that there is nothing more foreign to me than the rejection of a position different to my own.
I wish to strengthen the hand of the Prime Minister and the heads of the security agencies in the unrelenting battle for our right to maintain normal daily life in every place in Israel.
I don't see any possibility of peace if there won't be open borders between us and our neighbors.
The president is the face of the State of Israel around the world: not a representative of a specific ideology but of the collective creativity and history of the Jewish people.
Every opinion must be suffered. One must listen to what may be rousing, annoying, even shocking, but it must be done honestly, fairly and with equanimity, respecting the rights of every Member of the Knesset and each faction, guarding the minority in the face of the predatory majority.
A friendship between Germany and Israel didn't always seem natural.
It's preferable for the Palestinians to become citizens of the state than for us to divide the country.
It can't be 'occupied territory' if the land is your own.
I hereby swear, in my name and that of all our descendants, that we will never act against the principle of equal rights, and we will never try and force someone from our land.
The extremists are talking too loudly, and everyone is convinced that only he is on the right side.
