American,Politician
Abortion is a question of choice.
Any man who has ever tried to use political power for the common good has felt an awful sense of powerlessness.
Abortion is defended today as a means of ensuring the equality and independence of women, and as a solution to the problems of single parenting, child abuse, and the feminization of poverty.
Whose rights will we acknowledge? Whose human dignity will we respect? For whose well-being will we, as a people, assume responsibility?
Today, the growing economic and social pressures in our country are putting millions of women, children and families at increased risk of abuse and neglect, especially when families are denied basic support services and economic opportunity.
Our moral, religious, and political traditions are united in their respect for the dignity of human life.
The abortion license has not brought freedom and security to women. Rather, it has ushered in a new era of irresponsibility toward women and children, one that now begins before birth.
Our party has always been the voice of the powerless and the voiceless.
In short, our response as a party should be to work to solve the crises that produce crisis pregnancies, and work to make life worth living for mother and child, rather than victimize the child as a way of dealing with the crisis.
I am convinced that this approach, a mainstream Democratic approach, commands the strong support of the American people, and presents a sharp and compassionate contrast to the Republican abortion position which offers no real hope or commitment to mother or child.
Who belongs to the community of the commonly protected?
I come to urge my party to be open to debate and discussion; to move away from a lock-step litmus test which advocates abortion on demand in an effort to reach a broader national consensus.
The national Democratic Party has embraced abortion on demand. I believe this position is wrong in principle and out of the mainstream of our party's historic commitment to protecting the powerless.
A 1990 Gallup poll found that 77 percent of Americans polled said abortion was the taking of human life. I agree, and believe that taking the life on an innocent child is unjust.
Abortion is the ultimate violence.
Abortion on demand has, in my judgment, contributed significantly to an environment in our country in which life has become very cheap.
We must make children and families a national priority.
My strong personal view, which I believe is shared by millions of Americans, is that our party should make a strong statement in its platform that the unborn child has a fundamental right to life which should be protected.
Indeed, an entire generation of Americans has grown to adulthood since the Roe decision of 1973, which held that the right to choose an abortion was a privacy right protected by our Constitution.
If our country is to reach a workable solution to the abortion issue, the Democratic party must be open to and tolerant of opposing views.
By rejecting abortion-on-demand, we can move our party back to the mainstream.
In this generation, the issue pressing that question on our consciences is the issue of abortion.
For almost twenty years, abortion policy in America has been controlled by the courts.
Abortion on demand, throughout the full nine months of a pregnancy, for virtually any reason, became public policy in the United States of America. No other developed democracy had, or has, such a permissive abortion regime.
A vast abortion industry, generating some half a billion dollars annually, sprang into existence in the wake of Roe and Doe.
From the beginning, each human embryo has its own unique genetic identity.
