American,Politician
I'm tired of being 51st in this country on the NEAP scores on fourth-grade math. We don't have but 50 states.
I'm not worried about state parks. I'm worried about people who can't be treated because they have schizophrenia or other mental illnesses out there. I'm worried about people.
The people of this state won't back down from a challenge. Not in the fight for civil rights, not in defending our nation's freedoms, not in the aftermath of devastating natural disasters.
I can assure the people of Alabama I have never done anything illegal.
At no time I have used the resources of my office to facilitate a relationship of any type.
I love many members of my staff. In fact, all the members of my staff. Do I love some more than others? Absolutely.
If you start free trade with a Communist country, allow them to develop their own businesses, they don't remain communistic. They become a free society when they're able to make money themselves, and we increase trade with them and allow them to really produce products.
You have to have your wallet for security reasons. I'm the governor. And I had to have money. I had to buy something to eat. You have to have identification.
I have no intentions of resigning.
My intentions are to try to make this state better.
Have I made mistakes? Yes, I have. And I admit those.
I want the people of Franklin County to know how much I care about them.
I know some of you don't care about food stamps, but I'm telling you if it feeds children, you do care about it.
If you're in Congress, you vote and give speeches. But governors have to make decisions every day, and presidents have to make decisions every day.
We need someone who has the experience - and the demeanor - to be the president of the United States.
There are 500,000 poor children in this state that did not choose to be poor, and we have to take care of them.
They only have to be right one time, the terrorists do, and we have to be wrong one time.
Raising property taxes in Alabama is never going to happen. The people are never going to vote for that. I don't like property taxes, either.
I really want to see good health care brought to all the people of Alabama at a reasonable cost.
You can't work across party lines when there aren't many of them. So I'm going to work across Republican Party lines because there are a lot of divisions in the Republican Party.
We will face the challenges head on. We will work with both parties, across the aisle, to make our state better.
You can't be partially pregnant.
Either you're going to have to vote for taxes or not vote for taxes. So, if you've already voted for taxes, you've already done it.
We have to have an adequate number of taxes and an adequate amount of taxes.
I'm against high taxes. But we certainly cannot be so anorexic in government that we cannot function.
I am concerned about the plight of the working poor... If doctors are not paid for seeing those patients, doctors will not go to rural Alabama because you can't expect a doctor to go to rural Alabama and lose money.
