American,Politician
We must treat the disease of racism. This means we must understand the disease.
It is well to be prepared for life as it is, but it is better to be prepared to make life better than it is.
Respect for another man's opinion is worthy. It is the realization that any opinion is valuable, for it is the sign of a rational being.
When Roosevelt came along, I approved of his program, generally. I figured an economic system should work for people, not vice versa.
Racists are irrational and illogical in their attempts to justify their prejudices.
If education does not create a need for the best in life, then we are stuck in an undemocratic, rigid caste society.
In the Peace Corps, the volunteer must be a fully developed, mature person. He must not join to run abroad or escape problems.
Christian virtues unite men. Racism separates them.
Do we talk about the dignity of work? Do we give our students any reason for believing it is worthwhile to sacrifice for their work because such sacrifices improve the psychological and mental health of the person who makes them?
A line has to be drawn somewhere between what is essential and what is peripheral.
Any idealist who tries to join the Peace Corps must realize he is not going to change the world overnight.
Being accused of enthusiasm is something I'll never live down.
Do the job first. Worry about the clearance later.
Does politics have to be injected into everything?
He who knows all things and believes nothing is damned.
I can remember at college, living on 30-cent meals.
I do not think that the educational program of our schools should be determined by what the community thinks it needs.
I don't have to run the Peace Corps. I could live without seeing my picture in the newspapers and without being interviewed.
I don't think the Gallup Poll technique is going to be very helpful in determining the goals of our educational system.
I hate goofballs.
I never ride just to ride. I ride to catch a fox. I play baseball to make the team.
If a young person has any idealism at all, it's strongest about the time he finishes college.
It is precisely our job as Catholics to speak the truth as plainly and precisely as we can.
It wouldn't kill me if I were never nominated or elected to anything.
It's the most rewarding thing to be a civil servant.
Joe Kennedy isn't in the habit of having incompetents around. I wouldn't have lasted three months if I didn't have some ability.
