American,Politician
I believe in working together to solve the problems we've got. And we need to get rid of the venom in the political atmosphere in D.C. It's a poisonous atmosphere.
I fell far short of living up to the kind of public servant I wanted to be.
I do expect that the President will say something at the beginning of his remarks today, at the conversation.
A free and prosperous Iraq will be a major blow to the terrorists and their desire to establish a safe haven in Iraq where they can plan and plot attacks.
In survey after survey, the Iraqi people say, 'We want to choose our leaders.'
The president said, 'You've got to vote your conscience.
Well, uh, all people - all, I think all human begins, uh, have good attributes, and they also have their flaws.
The permanent campaign is inherently deceptive.
Well I think that you have to be open and honest in order to learn from your mistakes and be able to correct them in the future to understand what would happen to take things off course. And if we don't address these issues openly and honestly then we don't learn.
I'm done with my job. It was my job to be the advocate and spokesman for the President of the United States.
I'm a centrist.
All I can say is what I believe.
When I was knowingly misled but only learned that much later, that's really when I started to become disillusioned at the White House.
I'm glad to share my views.
The Iraq war was not necessary.
Waging an unnecessary war is a grave mistake.
When words I uttered, believing them to be true, were exposed as false, I was constrained by my duties and loyalty to the President and unable to comment. But I promised reporters and the public that I would someday tell the whole story of what I knew.
As press secretary, I spent countless hours defending the administration from the podium in the White House briefing room.
I remember my mom saying to me that what your friends do is one thing, but what you do could be on the front page of the paper.
I have had a career in public service.
I was raised on the values of speaking up and making a positive difference in a very political family that believed in the importance of public service.
My wife and I look for ways to always support the troops, including sending care packages regularly to them.
I'm someone who believes in centrist governing philosophy.
If it takes talking about unpleasant truths to change Washington, then so be it.
