American,Politician
If it doesn't have a full delay or defund of Obamacare, I know I and many others will not be able to support whatever the leadership proposes.
All the experts agree Medicare is going to go broke.
There will always be waste, fraud, and abuse. That's just life.
Our government depends upon the rule of law.
My view is that we should not be taxing at the Federal level for the things that New Jersey can do for itself.
I'm literally running up and down stairs all day long. If a constituent comes in to see me, I go downstairs. If a law client comes in, I run up to see him.
I said I support anyone's right to run for public office and will support those people who support positions that's in the Republican platform.
I support anyone who supports what's in the Republican platform, which includes support for traditional marriage.
Dealing with immigration should originate in Congress. The president should not act unilaterally.
Every challenger has come forward and said he's going to challenge me and win because I'm out of touch with the constituents. We run a race, the election comes, and the majority of voters disagree with them.
If you raise taxes on something, you discourage that activity.
If you discourage saving and investment, that means you're walking in the opposite direction of job creation. You're discouraging good job creation and job growth.
I never defended the Bush administration's spending.
I often criticized what President Bush did, but President Obama is Bush's spending on steroids.
If we want the banks to lend - and we all do - if we want the economy to expand - and we all do - do you really want to start confining the banks in their ability to make profits in order to generate more capital to lend out to the people?
The actions of hedge fund managers in exercising their fiduciary responsibilities to their investors is not the reason why Chrysler is in jeopardy.
It doesn't matter whether I'm in Hackensack or Hackettstown, the response from the people is the same: They are concerned about jobs, the economy.
The House Freedom Caucus has the same agenda today as it did yesterday, and that is to try to address the needs of each of our constituents, address the concerns the voters have been saying they have for a long time.
Dodd-Frank is a direct cause of the economic struggles millions of Americans continue to face today. The law provides so much regulation that it is a burden on the economy.
The way it's supposed to work is you pass a bill out of the House, you pass a bill out of the Senate, you go to conference on it, and you iron out the differences.
We do know the welfare system, starting in the '60s, basically encouraged the dissolution of marriage, encouraged families to separate in order to get the benefits.
When the former Fed chairman was in, Alan Greenspan was in, there was a saying back in those days that you called the 'Greenspan put.' Any time the treasury secretary - for the Fed chairman - said something, the market saw that as good news, and it took off.
When the banks grow to or when these financial institutions grow to such a size that they can't sustain themselves, or what have you, they have problems, economic problems, or financial problems, they shouldn't be able to look back to you and I, the taxpayer, to be bailed out.
We have the idea of saying that put limitations on bailouts, so that the bailouts don't occur in the future, so that we don't have to do the - look to see AIG situations or Bear Stearns situations or the Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, which is probably going to be more money spent on those two institutions than the Congress spent on the TARP program.
They always like to put labels on me.
Taxes are just too high - that's obviously a priority.
Elections have consequences.
A dramatic spending increase to fund the SEC and the CFTC, as envisioned by the authors of the Dodd-Frank legislation, would further the mindset that our nation's problems can be solved with more spending, not more efficiency.
If it's conservative to say we need to help the middle class, then I'm a conservative.
The use of military force against a sovereign nation is an act of war. Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution explicitly grants Congress the sole power to declare war.
Unfortunately, since its passage in 1973, the War Powers Resolution has been stripped of its original purpose and has instead served as a temporary, de facto authorization for the executive branch to use military force whenever it deems it necessary.
President Obama is in violation of Section 3 of Article II of the Constitution by refusing to enforce the employer mandate provisions of Obamacare. The executive branch, which has no constitutional authority to write or rewrite law at whim, has usurped the exclusive legislative power of Congress.
