Canadian,Politician
Make no mistake. Canada is not a bilingual country. In fact it is less bilingual today than it has ever been.
Having hit a wall, the next logical step is not to bang our heads against it.
The job numbers are positive. We've had more jobs created now than were lost during the recession. We're seeing that the creation, we're seeing those numbers not only grow but shift toward the private sector and shift toward full-time employment and these are all signs that the recovery is taking some hold but we're not out of woods.
Human rights commissions, as they are evolving, are an attack on our fundamental freedoms and the basic existence of a democratic society... It is in fact totalitarianism. I find this is very scary stuff.
I do not intend to dispute in any way the need for defence cuts and the need for government spending cuts in general. I do not share a not in my backyard approach to government spending reductions.
I think in Atlantic Canada, because of what happened in the decades following Confederation, there is a culture of defeat that we have to overcome.
There is a Canadian culture that is in some ways unique to Canada, but I don't think Canadian culture coincides neatly with borders.
As a religion, bilingualism is the god that failed. It has led to no fairness, produced no unity, and cost Canadian taxpayers untold millions.
If Ottawa giveth, then Ottawa can taketh away.
Whether Canada ends up as o-ne national government or two national governments or several national governments, or some other kind of arrangement is, quite frankly, secondary in my opinion.
Look, I think the worst case scenario is obvious. I think first of all it doesn't work for very long. It's an unstable government that raises taxes and destroys the image we're building for Canada as a strong place to invest.
I believe very strongly that in this world you have to have values and you have to stand up for your interests and if you don't do those things you're not going to get anywhere.
We should have been there shoulder to shoulder with our allies. Our concern is the instability of our government as an ally. We are playing again with national and global security matters.
After all, enforced national bilingualism in this country isn't mere policy. It has attained the status of a religion. It's a dogma which one is supposed to accept without question.
But I've been very clear in this campaign - I don't believe the party should have a position on abortion.
Canada remains alienated from its allies, shut out of the reconstruction process to some degree, unable to influence events. There is no upside to the position Canada took.
First of all, I can't forget my first responsibility - which is to be the Leader of the Opposition and that's to provide an alternative government.
I don't believe an Alliance government should sponsor legislation on abortion or a referendum on abortion.
I don't get into that second guessing of myself publicly.
I have no difficulty with the recognition of civil unions for non-traditional relationships but I believe in law we should protect the traditional definition of marriage.
I think the way to change it is to handle issues individually when it's essential to do so.
I've always been clear, I support the traditional definition of marriage.
If you want to be a government in a minority Parliament, you have to work with other people.
It's the government's obligation to look really to the third parties to get the support to govern.
My own views on abortion, I'm not on either pole of that and neither of the interest groups on either end of this issue would probably be comfortable with my views.
On the justification for the war, it wasn't related to finding any particular weapon of mass destruction.
