American,Politician
I understand from experience that unity is easy to call for, but it takes the right kind of leadership to achieve.
Never give up on something you believe in.
When building a strong team, you need a strong leader.
We want to build a wall.
Next to the Bible, I think the Constitution is the most important document ever written.
My theory has always been, if you take care of your business today, take care of the job you have at hand, whatever else comes down the road will be there for you.
At the end of the day, you are judged by your character. And look, I'm proud of my record of working to help people throughout my years of public service.
We are not giving up on repealing and replacing Obamacare.
We're not going to let some unelected bureaucrats in Washington stop us from moving forward with our agenda, but at the end of the day, CBO is not the Holy Grail.
We want President Trump to have all the tools he needs to build the wall.
No oyster in the world tastes as good as a Gulf oyster.
If you don't agree, present what you think is a better way.
I like the House. The House is where you can effect the most change. It's such a fast-moving dynamic body compared to the Senate.
If Republicans are going in the wrong direction, I am still willing to stand up against them.
I've always been a conservative first.
There are going to be times when we disagree with our leadership, but ultimately, we've got to work hard to pull our leadership to the right and to move a conservative agenda forward and unite as conservatives if we're going to get things done.
There's a general understanding amongst, I think, most people in this country that whether or not you have a preexisting condition, it's not your fault, and you shouldn't be discriminated against in healthcare policy.
For all the banging from the Left that, you know, 'They don't care about people with pre-existing conditions' - There was never a day where our conference was willing to leave people out in the cold.
Ultimately, what we want to do is see the president follow the laws.
We're going to try to solve problems for everyday people.
House Republicans are the most powerful force for limited government, strong national defense, and economic opportunity that exists in America today. But it is not enough to just talk about conservative values.
We need to pass conservative policy. And we can only advance our values when we are united.
While we always strive to reach 218 with Republican votes, sometimes that is not possible with divided government, and the story of a bill that passed with 150 Republican votes is much more positive and assertive than the story of a bill that passes with 79 Republican votes.
Who makes decisions for families across America? Should it be a family with their doctor, or should it be some unelected bureaucrat in Washington?
Medicaid is one of the most failed forms of health care.
A national carbon tax would devastate an already struggling American economy, force the cost of gas at the pump to jump even higher, and kill millions more jobs here at home.
We ought to prioritize national disasters... in a fiscally responsible way.
Over the years, CBO has been all over the board on healthcare. The only consistent point is they've missed the mark on different pieces. That's the nature of a scorekeeper.
Obviously, you cannot do full repeal of Obamacare without a 60-vote bill in the Senate, but you can surely gut the law and give people true healthcare freedom with 51 votes in the Senate.
Our argument is everybody ought to be paying lower rates, and we ought to be focused on growing the economy and rebuilding the middle class.
Barack Obama destroyed the middle class. Whatever you want to say about his rhetoric, the rich got richer, but the poor got poorer, and the middle class got wiped out. That's really what Trump appealed to and inspired in the forgotten man.
There are a lot of people in the Rust Belt who felt like, 'Nobody's concerned about me, and my shot at the American dream is going away.' We need to restore that.
The states should have much more responsibility for infrastructure building.
I'm not for amnesty. People must play by the rules. And border enforcement must come first.
Dr. King challenged our country to fulfill the promises of liberty, equality, and justice prescribed in the founding of our great nation. Leading by example, he stressed the teachings of tolerance, service, and love, regardless of race, color, or creed.
I'm prepared to continue doing what we need to do to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.
You want to prevent war, you talk, talk, but you also have to back it up with actions.
I was on the board of Teach for America. And we transformed a failed public school system in the City of New Orleans, probably the most corrupted and failed system in the country.
I've been very proud of a lot of the work I've done in New Orleans.
We can pass conservative policy that unites us.
Barack Obama, he just sits out. He sits back; he criticizes everybody. He's got his professorial attitude, real condescending, as if he's got all the answers.
Most Americans get that there is a need for a safety net in our country, and we support that safety net.
The president does not have the option of choosing which laws he will follow and which he will ignore.
I'm very proud of the Italian heritage of my great-grandparents, who came here from Italy, and how they helped be a part of the American Dream, and that's something we want to continue to make available to everybody who wants to come here.
There was a very strong bipartisan coalition in Congress under President Bill Clinton that passed the Defense of Marriage Act. And you've had a majority of the states in this country that have strongly stated that marriage ought to be remain the union between one man and one woman.
Mexico secures their border. Why shouldn't we be able to secure ours?
Look at what happened in the 1990s: when they balanced the federal budget, it was through growth in the economy and controlling spending.
The idea of strengthening health savings accounts... that bolsters the marketplace.
You can't say it's broken, but let's keep some of Obamacare. You have to start over.
