American,Politician
There's nothing like making a decision when you're a football referee. It really pushes you to be very clear - to make that decision and to sell it to everybody who's there. You believe in it, but you have to make sure other people believe in it, too.
As our nation continues to slowly recover from the recession, it is clear some families are doing better than others.
Innovation is what we're going to need for the future, and that's always been a part of the technology industry.
There's nothing like having a football coach yelling at you at homecoming in front of a bunch of people. You do kind of get used to being inflappable in front of all that heated emotion. At times, that's very useful in business.
Stay engaged; be part of the process.
More and more companies are updating their leave policies to reflect an understanding that being family-friendly is a smart investment in their workforce and America's future.
Windows Mobile enables our industry partners to customize devices according to their customers' needs while including productivity features such as access to e-mail, contacts, calendar, and other critical business information for mobile workers on the go.
We have Windows 8 machines for our office. All of our staff have Windows phones. Some have desktops. We have a couple of folks who are using a Surface. I use a Surface.
In the more than four decades since Roe v. Wade, it has become clear that some will stop at nothing to obstruct women's reproductive rights.
Women deserve better. They deserve the freedom to make their own health care choices.
People think about their business instead of their products.
Together, Cingular Wireless and Microsoft are working to revolutionize the way people communicate with mobile devices and set a new standard for personal connectivity.
The i730 combines the familiarity of Windows Mobile software with the innovative design of Samsung that will be a popular choice for mobile professionals.
The i730 provides an integrated mobile solution for customers who are on-the-go and want access to their calendar, contacts, and e-mail as well as a variety of applications and services that enable them to be more productive.
We are very pleased with Vodafone's decision to adopt Windows Mobile as a preferred software platform for its mobile business. Together, we will deliver services which we expect will help Vodafone achieve cost-efficiencies while delivering new propositions to its customers, thus making Windows Mobile an even more compelling platform.
The Windows 95 launch was such an incredible experience.
The SP-i600 by Samsung with Windows Mobile software provides a great mobile phone experience that allows mobile professionals to be more productive and effectively manage their busy lives with seamless access to their data and the Internet when they are away from the office.
The Cingular-branded 2125 Smartphone is an example of how Windows Mobile 5.0 can create a flexible, powerful phone that helps mobile information workers access their most essential business data in a compact form factor.
The more we educate folks, the more it will help them make informed policy decisions.
I think we have to be more forward-looking when considering any legislation dealing with technology.
Congress should... at least keep pace with technological advances.
Government has not been good about being good stewards of policy.
Policy gets out of date.
We need to learn what's working and what's not working.
We saw firsthand how a collapsed bridge in Skagit County impacted our local economy, which is why we must fix our infrastructure now before it's more expensive to maintain in the future.
I will go on doing what voters tell me to do, which is working with others, working out solutions, and getting results.
You don't want to wake up and find out that your watch was hacked, that your thermostat was hacked, that your coffeemaker was hacked.
Most of our technology issues aren't partisan.
We have a lot of folks who talk about immigration reform but haven't put their name on a bill.
Growing our economy means supporting our small businesses, and one straightforward way to do this is to help business owners with the cost of health insurance for their workers.
It's clear that the small business tax credit created under the Affordable Care - while well-intentioned policy - can be improved to better serve the needs of small businesses.
Strong, enforceable environmental protections will not only help protect our planet for future generations, it will also level the playing field for small-and-medium-sized U.S. businesses by raising environmental standards.
Policy doesn't move as quickly as innovation happens.
Lawmakers need to be better stewards of policy and update it, not just keep adding on top of old laws.
You don't have the chance in a small business - when every dollar counts, every day - to make too many mistakes and recover from them, and you don't have the luxury of waiting to make the decision. You have to move quickly.
Climate change is a very real threat right now to our economy, the future of our children, to our way of life.
Like many of you, I was very disappointed at the rollout of the Affordable Care Act.
I don't believe corporations are people.
I talk to business; I talk to labor. I talk to everybody.
People have looked at all sorts of effects of globalization and blamed trade. But it's lots of things.
As I have said all along, for any trade promotion authority bill to gain my support, it must require strong, enforceable environmental and labor protections.
I was working in email in the early days in the late '80s, and people weren't using electronic communications at all in the way we take for granted today.
I am running because I believe strongly that we need to get folks back to work and address the needs that the folks in the 1st Congressional District have in terms of employment and economic opportunity.
When you have multiple patients on life support, you don't pull the plug on one just to save another.
Some of the best preparation I had for coming to Congress is being a football referee. Because you've got to make a decision, and no matter what you do, someone's unhappy with you.
My parents were from Wisconsin, and football was a big thing.
SXSW has been a melting pot of ideas and policy on immigration, cybersecurity, privacy, Internet of Things, international trade, and innovation.
