American,Politician
It's hard to see how the Copyright Office can rise to the many challenges of the 21st-century work that you do without dramatically more independence and dramatically more flexibility.
From the preemptive strike that destroyed Egypt's air force during the Six-Day War, to the daring raid on Entebbe, to using all available means to slow the Iranian nuclear program, Israelis have combined strength with ingenuity to keep the country's enemies at bay.
When enacted, health care reform provides generous tax credits to help people afford their health insurance premiums.
Individuals can stand up against genocide in Darfur and Iran's quest for nuclear weapons.
I believe we're stronger when we speak loudly and unapologetically for human rights; when we stand with our allies against common threats like terrorism, radicalization, and poverty; and when we unite to prevent the world's most dangerous regimes from acquiring the world's deadliest weapons.
I wasn't a vegan when I came to Congress. It was a decision I made soon after I got here, and it's had such a positive impact on my life that I decided to try to help others as well.
It is well past time for President Abbas to stand up and condemn all acts of violence, rather than encouraging violence by glorifying terrorists and teaching children to view Israelis as animals.
Unfortunately, we have seen terrorist groups use social media to spread hateful propaganda, to recruit members, and to incite violence with alarming effectiveness.
As I understand, the role of the federal judiciary, the role of our court system, is to provide justice.
I'm proud to support Secretary Clinton.
So many of us have friends or family who have battled cancer, and we know how important it is to find a cure.
Social media companies must work closely with the U.S. government to ensure their platforms are not being used by terrorist organizations to do harm to our country.
This OCCUPIED amendment, this constitutional amendment, would overturn Citizens United. It would make clear that corporations aren't people, that they - the framers of the Constitution never intended to give constitutional rights to corporations, the ones that we enjoy and cherish.
We need to get the corporate money out of the political system and return democracy to the people.
For those whose lives have been turned upside down by Chinese drywall, we're trying to give them a chance to seek justice.
The United States does not provide economic support funds to the Palestinian Authority to build new homes for terrorists or fund President Abbas' anti-Israel campaign trips through Europe.
The American people do not want their taxpayer dollars funding any activity that runs counter to the security of our nation or our ally Israel.
We have a responsibility to ensure the Palestinian Authority is abiding by U.S. law with total transparency.
We need to focus on building up our own nation and creating jobs here at home.
Saving enough to retire has become impossible for most Americans.
Social Security is the only thing most Americans can count on to keep them out of poverty during retirement.
Social Security is too vital to be lumped into backroom budget talks where the views of ordinary Americans risk going unheard.
I am proud to have played a small part in ensuring that no veteran's heroic service will be cast aside due to prejudice.
My connections to Broward are long, and they are deep, and I'm proud of them.
I'm really excited about the prospect of deepening what is already a really strong relationship that I have with the people of Broward.
The issues that we face as a country and in South Florida aren't broken down by city line or county line.
Eating disorders have the highest mortality rate of any mental illness, and yet so many Americans are left to fight this battle without the coverage, support, and resources they need.
If we are going to use places of worship as polling places, we should not discriminate.
There's no question that looking down to search the Web, send a text message, or log onto Facebook puts you in danger and puts people around you on the road in danger.
For many older Americans who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender, a lifetime of discrimination has undermined their right to a retirement with dignity.
Many of my constituents are in their 80s, 90s, even 100, and our focus is ensuring that their needs can be provided for.
Because Republicans have no ideas, they want to turn elections into the battle of dollars.
Let's make Jeb Bush explain his plan to give millionaires another massive tax cut.
Let's make Marco Rubio explain why he thinks oil companies should write our energy policy.
Let's make Donald Trump explain his hair.
Ultimately, the goal of sanctions is to ratchet up the economic pressure on the Iranians to such a level that the regime determines it is simply too great to bear, and they are forced to weigh the decision to carry on their nuclear development and their illicit quest for nuclear weapons against the ever-growing pressure from their own people.
Standing up to Ahmadinejad is not a partisan issue and should never be one.
It is no surprise that companies do not often respond to moral pressure alone. We need to hit them hard in their pocketbook and on their balance sheet. We need to show them that their stock prices will be affected if their actions encourage Iran's nuclear weapons ambitions.
Individuals want to know that none of their own money is being invested in companies that put their profits ahead of international security.
I became a co-chair of the Congressional Study Group from Germany several years ago with the expressed purpose of helping increase aid to Holocaust survivors.
Germany can make a major difference in the lives of so many Holocaust survivors who are struggling in their later years.
This is not a political issue. I know Florida's leadership has talked about a real commitment to helping our veterans. Now it's time for them to show it.
We need to move past blame and make sure we are delivering care to our veterans.
We can help a whole lot of people if we could figure out a way to expand Medicaid and get people the care that they need.
It was sanctions that drove Iran to the negotiating table in the first place.
In South Florida, where there are so many beneficiaries, when Social Security isn't adjusted to reflect their increased costs, that affects their daily lives and their contributions to our local economy.
Any constitutional amendment that simply gives Congress the option of regulating campaign finance fails to immediately achieve what the American people want, and that is a complete reversal of Citizens United and other Supreme Court decisions that have allowed corporations and the wealthy few to drown out the voices of everyday voters.
The Democracy is for People Amendment will stop corporations and their front groups from using their profits and dark money donations to influence our elections while reaffirming the right of the American people to elections that are fair and representatives that are accountable.
I look forward to representing the voters of District 30 and moving the state in a new direction.
We have just been working hard to have people to come out to vote and to make sure people understand how important the election is.
I have been talking to a lot of people who don't normally vote Democratic - independents and Republicans. They have been voting for Democrats because they think it's important to change the direction America is going.
I was elected on April 13 and sworn in two days later, so I had no orientation. I had to figure things out as I went along.
Pressure for the most part comes from this overarching concern that if I head into the election season without sufficient resources, then any outside group, any individual, any super PAC may choose to come in to my district and overwhelm it and take over the airwaves and control the debate.
Everybody has to agree that the best thing we can do to start reducing the deficit in this country is to put people back to work.
It's not class warfare to suggest that we shouldn't look to seniors and the less fortunate to bear the brunt of deficit reduction. I believe America needs to understand there needs to be a sense of fairness.
People want the United States Congress focused on creating jobs in this country.
Denying our courts the ability to hear oil-related cases of great consequence to our environment and our economy is completely the wrong direction to protect the rights of Floridians.
Beyond a power play by the oil industry, there is no conceivable explanation for barring courts within any state from considering cases related to oil leases and energy production off its own coastlines.
Congress has no business telling courts within a state that they are prohibited from considering issues involving a lease for energy development, production, and exploration that has the potential to cause irreparable environmental and economic damage to the Gulf Coast area of that state.
I participate in the SNAP Challenge to raise awareness about the millions of people in our communities who struggle with hunger on a daily basis despite living in the most prosperous nation ever known.
We know that for children, hunger is especially devastating.
Kids from financially distressed households are twice as likely to have to repeat a grade and more than two-and-a-half more times to struggle with poor health later in life.
I introduced the Food Security Improvement Act in Congress to remedy the fact that most SNAP beneficiaries find themselves skipping meals or running out of benefits every month.
Given my district, it would not have been right to put together a 99-song playlist and not include Barbra Streisand. She has appeal across several demographics of the district.
While I was serving in the Florida Senate, American soldiers were being killed in Iraq, a war we should have never started, and often by Iranian proxies and their improvised explosive devices.
Working across the aisle, I helped pass laws exposing business dealings in Iran, cracking down on Iranian human rights abusers, and applying crippling sanctions to Iran's oil and gas industries.
No one disputes Iran's destabilizing influence in the Middle East or role in killing Americans.
Opening Iran up to foreign investment, increasing its oil exports, and unfreezing over $100 billion in assets means more money for Hamas for building terror tunnels in Gaza, more weapons for Hezbollah in Lebanon, more slaughter in Syria, and more violence worldwide.
Right now, there is no way that the federal government can prevent someone who's on the terror watch list from buying a gun - none.
This isn't about grabbing people's guns; this isn't about changing the Second Amendment. This simply says that someone who is on the terrorist watch list - a dangerous terrorist - should not be able to purchase a gun.
There is total unanimity that the most serious threat facing the United States and Israel is a nuclear-armed Iran.
In order to survive in a dangerous neighborhood, Israel has always needed to be more than tough. The country has always needed to be smart.
