American,Politician
I'm always jacked up. I'm pumped up. It's just, I love life and I'm having fun.
I could never drive in a great big car; people like me because I'm a man of the people, a hustler.
I've done business with people I've met in politics, who I went to law school with, who I grew up with. Who do you do business with? People you meet in life.
I wake up every morning singing 'The Star-Spangled Banner.'
One-third of Americans have already been forced to change their lifestyle because their disposable income is gone. A guy can't go to the corner bar after a rough day at work to have a beer, that's gone to oil!
People make mistakes in life. You shouldn't have to live with that for the rest of your life. I believe in redemption. I'm an Irish Catholic, and I just think it's the right thing to do.
There is a visceral dislike of George Bush, and it's going to bring these guys together.
Someone who lies about the little things will lie about the big things too.
I invested in many companies, and I'm happy this one worked. This is capitalism. You invest in stock, it goes up, it goes down. You know, if you don't like capitalism, you don't like making money with stock, move to Cuba or China.
There is no place people can hide from me.
I just operate on the assumption that all phone conversations are bugged.
I started my first business at 14!
I stay away from issues.
You help me, I'll help you. That's politics.
I've got to have 25 balls in the air at the same time.
I've signed thousands of documents, but never read them.
You need money to get out your message.
People like to do politics with me, and they like to do business.
I think sometimes Richmond, especially the House of Delegates, thinks too small... Richmond is not doing what needs to be done, forward thinking, big bold ideas.
People ought to quit talking to the press.
I have big ideas. If you don't like them, don't vote for me.
I've always been an entrepreneur, but it's never been about the money. I like a challenge, the harder the better.
I've gone to China, bought a manufacturing company and moved it to America. Now China wants to buy back some of that new technology from me. That's a great story for America.
Everybody in this public arena makes statements and gets interpreted different ways.
Anyone in politics would like to have great economic numbers.
It is the Democrats who get the economic engine of this economy moving forward again.
