Politician
Thailand stands at a crossroads.
If you cannot reconcile the difference between the elite that stay behind the scene and the right of the people, that's going to be forever chaos. It's time to compromise, to allow more democracy. Those who are stay behind the scenes must hand off and observe the law.
Don't underestimate the people. Let them decide.
The rubber industry is of much significance to our countries. For millions of our smallholders, the rubber tree is a tree of life, serving as a crucial source of income for earning a living and raising families.
I will protect democracy with my life.
If I were not a public figure, I wouldn't fly with Thai.
Many corpses will be floating in the sea.
The first step is that the Cambodian government has expressed sincerity to apologize for what happened.
The guy was infected with bird flu because he took a sick chicken, slaughtered it and and then ate it.
This is the most terrible thing that can happen in a friendly country if Thai people have to escape from the backdoor of an embassy.
We will talk about cooperation to destroy the disease as soon as we can.
I never, never supporting any violence and everybody that know me, and all the countries here they know well that is no one, nowhere that the former prime minister will become terrorist to hurt their own country. No way.
I come from election, I come from the people. I owe gratitude to our people. I do everything for the good of the country and the people.
Enough is enough. Six years you serve the countries. You been working hard. You sacrifice your time even your life. And, even your family life. So it's, it's time for me to go back as a private citizen. And contribute to the Thai society outside political arena.
I have to give moral support to my supporters. If I'm not going to fight anymore, that might hurt the feelings of my supporters. They are fighting for democracy. They are fighting for the rule of law.
I don't have to come back politically, but I would like to do something that will help the people of Thailand. There must be a process under which I can come back. I want to come back to clear the chaos in Thailand, the civil war in Thailand.
I want Thailand to be a peaceful country.
Pheu Thai has to find prominent party leaders that can solve the problems of the country now. If we can find those types of people, then we can win. There are many good people in Thailand but we have to recruit them.
I am active in brain storming with our people, our strategists, in Thailand.
Politicians always criticize each other in different ways.
I am really close to the Chinese government. And I have a chance to talk to them, listen to them.
I'm very disappointed by the mature-democracy countries. I was ousted by a coup d'etat.
I'm the first Thai prime minister in history that first time win half of parliament seats and second time win 76% of parliamentary seats and I was ousted because too popular.
I always say the best Thai restaurant in Dubai is my home.
The popularity of the party and Yingluck is getting more and more.
