American,Politician
You're never as ready as you think you are. You're never as ready as you need to be.
I believe our health care system is in drastic need of innovative, patient-centered reforms that encourage competition and increase consumer choice, not the bloated bureaucracy, tax increases, rationing, and mandates in the president's government takeover.
During my childhood, my father, a Southern Baptist minister, and my mother, a teacher, made sure I took educational trips to cities such as Washington, D.C., Williamsburg, Va., Philadelphia, and Boston to learn about America's history.
Should the federal government be giving people cellphones?
I'm going to spend some time with my family. My kids are really in the years where I'm starting to miss more stuff, and we're going to stay very involved in politics.
I love my service; I'm going to finish my four years and be very proud of it.
We have decided that now is the time for me to focus intently on my top priority, my family, as Elizabeth and I raise our two young children. To that end, I will not seek reelection to a third term.
I will complete my second term, but I have made no decision as to my plans after Congress except that I will continue in public service, including as a lieutenant colonel in the Army Reserve.
People love to talk about the old bipartisanship. But it wasn't really bipartisanship. Yeah, they had a different label. But they're replaced now by people with basically the same views.
I'm in the gym every morning and have lockers by Democrats. You know, I don't ask person X or person Y to go out to dinner. Not because they're bad people - I just have very little in common with them.
I go home every weekend to see my family.
So far, Senate Republicans are good at getting Facebook likes and town halls and not much else. Do something.
While I am talking about private sector job creation, the cap-and-trade energy tax, Speaker Pelosi's health-care bill and card-check legislation, Washington Democrats are defending groups like ACORN. They are on the wrong side of the issues and know their views are wrong for Arkansas, so they attack me.
I love serving in the U.S. House of Representatives, and I have especially enjoyed my time on the Ways and Means Committee.
Serving the people of Arkansas' 2nd District is the honor of a lifetime, and I'm grateful for the opportunity I have been given by my fellow Arkansans.
I grew up when 'Schoolhouse Rock' taught millions of American kids how a bill becomes a law.
We ought to be incentivizing people to save more of their own money for use taking care of their healthcare expenses, and what we have done is we have set it up where health savings accounts are harder and harder to use for narrower and narrower purposes.
President Obama's policies have been categorical failures for our country.
In order for our country and economy to get on the right track again, we need a leader who understands how the real economy works and has the vision to fundamentally change Washington. That leader is Mitt Romney.
Whether it was turning around failing companies, rescuing the Olympics, or improving the business climate in Massachusetts, Mitt Romney has proven that he is ready to be president on Day One.
I had someone call me this morning telling me they had somebody who would only work a certain number of hours a week because if they worked too many hours a week, then they couldn't get their government assistance.
I wasn't elected to avoid conflict. I was elected to represent the people of the 2nd District.
Most private-sector folks don't get a pension.
We can't be paying pensions to the next generation of federal workers when hardly anyone in the private sector gets them.
I don't care what party you belong to or what your background is. If you believe we are headed in the wrong direction and believe there needs to be a check and balance on the president and Congress, then join my campaign.
Telling people more about yourself and distinguishing yourself from your opponent - they're both essential parts of communicating with voters.
There is nothing better than just policies that say, 'Come on: grow your jobs here.'
I believe 2014 will be another historic year for conservatives in Arkansas, and I stand ready to help with that effort and make sure a conservative wins the 2nd Congressional District.
I hear people saying we need this and we need that as a society, but is it really fair for the government - i.e. the taxpayers - to provide people with cell phones? I don't think so.
When I looked at it and did my homework on this issue, I concluded that a flat tax is better than a consumption tax.
A lot of what you have seen with third-party groups - like the Tea Party - these folks are conservative, and they are fed up with people in Washington who are not working for them but against them.
