American,Politician
If you're a quarterback and you keep throwing interceptions, you change quarterbacks.
As a Catholic, I find mindfulness helps me participate in my religion more wholeheartedly. If you are praying the rosary, participating in the rituals at Mass, or listening to the priest preach, you will actually be paying attention! Whatever your religion is, it can enhance the experience of participating in that religion.
And I believe that if we can care about whether or not our neighbor has a good job or access to affordable health care for their children, and we move to implement the policies that can improve these situations, we will unleash vast amounts of human potential and recapture the American spirit.
I love having the ball with two minutes left, down a touchdown. That's when I'm right in the zone... I'm a Catholic and a quarterback. Those are the two things that really shape my life. I'd much rather be the underdog than the favorite any day of the week.
The people I represent in Northeast Ohio and the tens of millions of workers across our country are proud to be called blue collar.
My grandparents and my mom prayed the rosary a lot, and later in life, I had a priest friend of mine teach me centering prayer, based on Father Thomas Keating's work. That led to practicing different kinds of meditation off and on as I got older.
Everyone has to do their part, too. No one is disconnected. And everyone has to improve their skills, take care of their own health to the extent they can and contribute their time and talents to the community and country.
The American people need to know we understand that they elected us to fight for economic opportunity for all. We need to create America 2.0 - a multicultural, progressive, and innovative country that fights every day for ordinary people.
The mindfulness revolution is not quite as dramatic as the moon shot or the civil rights movement, but I believe, in the long run, it can have just as great an impact.
It is like our foreign policy has attention deficit disorder.
While the political debate over abortion will continue for a very long time, the federal government can and should be doing more to support programs and services that provide women with better options.
I just find Bobby Kennedy's short campaign for president so inspiring because his rhetoric identified what America can be like if we care about each other.
I've been on enough sports teams in my life to have experienced the magic of what can happen when a group of people care for and love each other.
Obviously, I have certain policy positions that I push and advocate for that would benefit people dealing in a system that breeds inequality and makes life more difficult for people.
I got a lot of respect for Nancy Pelosi. I love her. She was a mentor of mine.
I think our failure as a caucus has been not to focus on economic issues. I think we - and I'm supportive of all the issues that - that we talk about, but you need an economic - a robust, economic message that - that covers everybody.
I've been in Congress 14 years. I've been on the Appropriations Committee in which we are in charge of trying to move legislation.
I got kids that are growing up in a Donald Trump world because we screwed up because we haven't been able to craft a message and push policies that connect with working class people.
Trump is president of the United States. We can't blame our voters. We clearly did something terribly wrong.
I have come to believe that we must trust women and families - not politicians - to make the best decisions for their lives.
I am a proud Italian American, raised by an Italian mother and Italian grandparents.
The Italian culture and values have significantly shaped who I am, and I would never intentionally demean or degrade the very culture that has been so integral to my life.
I know from the stories of my grandparents and great-grandparents the real struggles and discrimination that Italian Americans faced when they first immigrated to America.
The biggest piece of advice I have is - listen. Don't jump to the answer or what you think the answer is. The more you listen, the more you learn.
It's a lot easier to negotiate and be skillful from the majority. I want Paul Ryan negotiating with us. I don't want to have to negotiate with Paul Ryan.
If you love your neighbor and are compassionate, are you automatically a Christian? Practicing present-moment awareness does not entail joining any religion or accepting any belief system.
