American,Politician
We need a conservative welfare reform initiative that is focused on putting people back to work and ensures taxpayer money is only spent on programs that have been proven to work.
A rising tide lifts most boats. But some boats require patching.
I'm a pro-life, pro-gun Marine that wants to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Elections should highlight principled disagreements, but they must not obscure our capacity to cooperate for the common good.
One of the things I learned at the Naval Academy and the Marine Corps is we have to make tough decisions.
Our message of ensuring every Hoosier has access to a quality education that turns into a good paying job, that ultimately leads to a meaningful career with access to affordable health care, is resonating.
It typically takes bipartisan work to build enough consensus to get things through our legislative process.
When countries with the worst possible human rights records sit on the UNHRC, seek to deflect attention from their own egregious human rights abuses and attempt to pass judgment on Israel - a country with a vibrant liberal democracy - the credibility of the UNHRC is further undermined, and the United States must not be silent.
In my experience, all Americans - Republicans, Democrats, and everyone in between - want roughly the same thing: an assurance that if they work hard, they can create a better life for themselves and their families. They want to feel safe in their communities and secure in their future.
We may not realize it, but a crucial step in building a healthy economy is helping people move from welfare to work.
Social-impact partnerships address our moral responsibilities to ensure that social programs actually improve recipients' lives, and to do so in a fiscally prudent manner.
As a parent, I know I speak for millions when I say that every child deserves to grow up in a stable, loving home.
If you look in a dictionary, the word 'Indianan' may appear. But the first task, the litmus test as to whether or not someone really is from Indiana or has spent any kind of considerable time in Indiana, is whether or not they use the word 'Indianan,' because no one in Indiana ever uses that term. We refer to ourselves as Hoosiers.
We need to make sure that joblessness never pays more than employment.
Freedom requires us to view people as wanting the opportunity to earn their success.
Safety-net programs must make efficient use of taxpayer resources and harness the capabilities of recipients by helping them move back into the workforce.
Typically, discussions of the safety net boil down to one side wanting to spend more in the name of compassion, and the other side wanting to spend less in the name of fiscal restraint. In both cases, money serves as a proxy for moral responsibility.
I'm a libertarian-conservative. I believe the state should focus on defending lives, rights, and property instead of depriving its citizens of their God-given liberties.
It's extremely hard for the economy to grow when the workforce is shrinking.
Our safety net must reflect our country's belief that - without exception - Americans are not liabilities to be written off but assets to be realized.
As someone who took an oath to defend this country, I refuse to sit idle until the unimaginable occurs: Iran cheats or simply runs out the clock, and the largest state sponsor of terrorism threatens the United States and its allies with a nuclear weapon.
Intelligence work in the Marine Corps proved to me the strategic value in establishing a Central Command to act as a clearinghouse for disparate bits and floating bytes of information.
Part of my responsibility as an officer was to oversee a team of analysts charged with synthesizing all of the data points on the map to see how one related to another. By bringing those data points together, a broader picture could be drawn and a strategy developed to counter the existing threat.
The American people deserve an honest assessment of the state of our foreign affairs.
As the son of a small business owner, I know how regulatory overreach can stifle our economy and cost Americans jobs.
As bad as the Obama administration is at trying to legislate without legislators, all too often, Congress is responsible for handing them the 'pen and phone.'
Most Hoosiers aren't really political people.
I'd like to solve more problems and help Hoosiers with more opportunities by serving on more committees.
I'm proud of my dad's name. But I'm not running on my dad's name. I'm running on my dad's values.
Getting the budget balanced, regulatory reform, tax reform - I think these lead to economic growth.
Clearly, there are persistent differences in our country.
Modern media has a real tendency to focus on the divisions rather than the commonalities.
Most Hoosiers underestimate their ability to effect change.
Not everything can be solved by government.
It's not often that a United States Senate seat comes open.
I think I've demonstrated... that I'm a good fundraiser.
Indiana's ninth congressional district isn't historically known as a fount of congressional contributions. That said, if you look at my fundraising history, we've succeeded.
We live in a representative democracy, characterized by free and fair elections and peaceful transfers of power. After most elections, roughly half of Americans are thrilled with the results; the other half are profoundly disappointed.
Washington's foot-dragging, obstructionism, and overreach must end.
Under Obamacare, rates are skyrocketing, and insurers are leaving the marketplace.
Does it seem like Washington's rigged for the well connected? That's because it is.
In the Marine Corps, we're taught to put America above ourselves.
The best way I can think of to give back is to ensure that every Hoosier family enjoys a better future.
The Senate, as opposed to the House, has been less successful in advancing some of the legislation that I think are important to Hoosiers.
We can score political points. We can try to advance some important initiatives. But at some point, it takes sober-minded, responsible conservative leaders to identify when you've pushed as far as you can and to have the courage to go back and face the electorate and explain to them why you voted the way you did.
Most Hoosiers intend to support the Republican nominees. Most Hoosiers believe leaders like myself should speak out when we disagree.
In the absence of specific solutions or evidence that we have people in Washington, D.C., who can make a significant difference... people will cling to those who at least speak to their frustrations.
I like to overcome great challenges.
It sounds outright bland, but people here in Indiana want conscientious public servants who have deep convictions but are prepared to work across the aisle when possible.
I'm a competitive person.
Everything in my life I owe to God, my family, the Naval Academy, and the Marine Corps.
Hoosiers are practical people, and Hoosier Republicans in particular have a history of unifying.
There's an appetite for advancing conservative solutions and not just talking about them.
