American,Politician
The sport of horse racing which, at its best, showcases the majestic beauty of this animal and the athleticism of jockeys, has reached an alarming level of corruption and exploitation.
It is essential that we provide the best possible care for our wounded and disabled veterans.
They rushed to move it forward, uh, and then a lawsuit was filed and we spent many months litigating, rather than trying to come up with legislation and move forward on that front.
It's a national concern, I mean how we dispose of nuclear waste in a safe way, how we deal with this incredible amount of nuclear waste we have created over the years.
Well the appeals happening because we believe the certification process uh, hasn't worked out the way it should, that there hasn't been substantial evidence to support their certification.
As a part of preparing those lawsuits, learning about those lawsuits, I learned about the various nuclear issues in parts of the nuclear production process I guess you'd say.
Encouraging underground uranium mining on the Colorado Plateau um, the federal government was the only purchaser of uranium ore to try to manufacture uh, atomic bombs.
Well, I probably, I guess first became aware of the whole, what I call the nuclear complex or weapons work those kinds of things, right out of law school.
I will never forget the debt we owe to those who have fought to keep America safe.
New Mexico is full of brave men and women who have dedicated their lives to service.
Athletes, coaches and parents today are increasingly aware of the danger of concussion, and this awareness influences decisions about buying new and reconditioned football helmets.
I mean, if you go back to 1960 on major pieces of legislation, the filibuster was used about eight percent of the time.
It used to be in the Senate that if you were filibustering, you stood up. There was a physical dimension to it, that you - when you became exhausted you would have to leave the floor. That was the idea of the filibuster.
With existing technology, we can enforce airport security without sacrificing our personal privacy.
Man is now in charge of the thermostat for the globe.
A majority of senators should be able to adopt rules at the beginning of each Congress.
The Senate as an institution is broken. We're not doing the work of the American people and the rules are being abused. The only way to get us back to the traditions where the Senate is doing the work of the American people is to change the rules.
It's happened to far too many Americans. You open up your phone bill and wonder why there's an extra zero, or several, on the amount that you owe.
Balancing our energy portfolio is a real chance to reduce energy bills, revitalize rural America, slow global warming and strengthen our energy security.
I have served in the Congress during two wars and I have seen the impacts on our military, on their families and on our national deficit.
