Australian,Politician
We just can't stop people from being homeless if that's their choice.
If I was in a refugee camp somewhere on the Pakistani border, of course I'd want to come to Australia.
I'm a politician. I'm not going to get into a whole range of scientific argument with scientists.
For small business people, less paperwork means higher profits, boosted sales and more time with the family.
I think leadership is knowing what you want to achieve and then purposefully and sensibly taking steps to achieve it, remembering always that you have got to bring people with you if you are seeking to be a successful political leader.
All of the people who are using their BlackBerries or their iPhones, Facebook, all of the people who are sitting in cafes and hotels rooms doing their work, they're all using wireless technology, and we shouldn't assume that the only way of the future is high speed cable.
Climate change is crap.
I think that people should come to Australia through the front door, not through the back door. If people want a migration outcome, they should go through the migration channels.
My mum and mad were both very generous, encouraging parents.
If we boost productivity, we can improve economic growth.
Once people come to Australia, they join the team.
I want to see an end to sovereign risk questions over Australia.
A tax cut to compensate for a tax increase is not a cut - it's a con.
The problem with politicians getting to know the issues in indigenous townships is that we tend to suffer from what Aboriginal people call the 'seagull syndrome' - we fly in, scratch around and fly out.
The truth is I try to take people as I find them.
I think that marriage is, dare I say it, between a man and a woman, hopefully for life and there are all sorts of other relationships which should be acknowledged and recognised, but I don't know that they can be recognised as marriage.
The smart way to improve broadband is not to junk the existing network but to make the most of it. It's to let a competitive market deliver the speeds that people need at an affordable price with government improving infrastructure in the areas where market competition won't deliver it.
I have close family members as well as lots of close friends who are gay. Many of them strongly support gay marriage.
I mean there are many, many people in all sorts of different countries who don't have a great life, who are subject to injustice. Are we obliged to take all of them who come here? I think the answer is 'Not necessarily.'
Well, I'm not saying that an emissions tax is ever going to be good policy.
I understand that government should live within its means, value the money it holds in trust from you the taxpayer, avoid waste and, above all else, observe the first maxim of good government: namely, do no avoidable harm.
You try turning up in America without documents, without a visa, without a passport; you'll be treated as very, very much illegal.
The problem with the Australian practice of abortion is that an objectively grave matter has been reduced to a question of the mother's convenience.
There are no factions in the Liberal Party.
It's very easy for Australians living in big cities to either romanticise or demonise the situation in Aboriginal places - to kind of look at things through the 'noble innocents' prism or through the 'chronically dysfunctional' prism, and I suspect that is so often the case.
I would not want to see any relaxation of the law prohibiting human cloning.
