Politician
Corruption is a true enemy to development.
All governments must maintain power through consent, not coercion.
I see corruption as a mortal enemy for young democracies.
It is true that power corrupts. The hope at the polling stations and the actions of the elected representatives, unfortunately, often turn to be opposite. The power of ballot turns into the power of wallet. Some law-makers become law-breakers.
We know that dismantling old oppressive regimes is a great deal faster and easier than building new flourishing democracies. Chinggis Khaan once said, 'It was easier to conquer the world on horseback than to dismount and govern.' True validation of democracy lies less in what we tear down, and more in what we build.
Mongolia is a country of rich and ancient heritage, unique culture and astounding natural beauty. It is a land of free and brave, peace-loving and hard-working people.
Freedom was the desire of our people throughout centuries. Freedom enabled our people to be owners of their destiny.
The roots of our statehood go back more than two millennia and two centuries to the origins of the Hun Empire. Building upon the legacies and power of the Huns, Mongols had built the largest land empire in the history of the mankind.
Many still believe that conducting political and economic reforms at the same time is not an Asian way. But this is a fairy-tale. We broke that old stereotype by reforming our political, economic and social systems concurrently since 1990.
Once people sense their own power, no authoritarian government can stand against the people who are determined to be free.
In the Great Mongol Empire, Mongols governed by a written law called the 'Ih Zasag,' which is translated as 'the Great Order.' It was an era when the Mongols strove to establish a new world order, thus, justice, peace and cooperation in their relations with other states and peoples.
Democracy literally means the power of people. Democracy is not about politics, it is about the people.
No central planning, no autocratic rule and no military regime can produce what free man can do.
There are nations, where people live in captivity, fear and silence. I believe, one day from prison camps and torture cells and from exile the leaders of freedom will emerge. The world should stand with those oppressed people until the day of their freedom finally arrives.
Greater technological connectivity makes the world wider, and the walls of isolation - thinner.
I am confident that if we stand for the hope and freedom of others we will make our own freedom more secure.
I do believe in the power of freedom. The power of freedom is the mightiest force of history. Once that power unleashes, it ultimately leads to peace and prosperity.
You cannot be democratic one day, and undemocratic on another. It is a state of mind, it is a way of living, and it is an essence of action.
We can never intimidate and discourage the people who voice their words with courage. The essence of freedom rests precisely here - in the freedom of expression of the people. And we must protect it.
The first step into justice begins with the politicians. You have to demand from yourself what you demand from people.
The constitution is a sacred document in a democracy.
We should never take democracy for granted. Democracy can emerge and develop, but it can also decay.
From my quarter-a-century experience as a fighter for democracy, there is never a final victory for democracy. It is always a struggle in every generation, and you have to take up the course of time and time again.
People are not really interested in what politicians talk about, but what they are really interested in is how their hard-earned tax money is spent.
Real progress comes from people.
What do you think, what people want from their governments? Simple. A better life for themselves and for their children. Government that is fair, just and responsible.
