American,Politician
It is a sign of the times that the absence of meaningful ID requirements in many states leaves our voting process vulnerable to fraud and allows legal votes to be cancelled out by illegally cast ballots.
The fact that the price of gasoline has declined some in recent weeks must not allow Americans to be lulled into a false sense of security. Energy independence must rank along with border security as the top priorities of the United States.
I don't want to have one currency for all North America.
I support our country being our country.
Success is measured differently by different people.
It is important that the United States move with all deliberate speed to develop and get into usage alternative fuels that will allow us to end our dependence on foreign oil.
In addition, the bill passed by the House requires a person performing an abortion on a minor from a different state to notify one parent in the home state.
In my almost ten years in the House of Representatives, I have voted consistently to allow companies to drill for oil and natural gas in environmentally friendly ways.
Even as we work to develop more sources of petroleum for the United States, we must continue our vigorous pursuit of alternative fuels, so that we can be powered by cleaner, more efficient sources of energy.
Only in the last week, South Carolina announced that it is seeking to become the U. S. center for hydrogen fuel cells, and BMW revealed that it will power some of its high-end model cars with hydrogen.
Further, the United States is moving ahead in the development of clean coal technology. There are vast coal reserves in our country, and when it is burned cleanly, coal can provide a resource to supply a large amount of our energy requirements.
However, it may occur that we will find ourselves using a variety of fuel sources to give us the energy we need support our lifestyles and boost our economy.
In general, anyone who paid the long distance telephone tax will get the refund on their 2006 federal income tax return. This includes individuals, businesses and non-profit organizations.
All of us who serve in the House of Representatives and the Senate pay into Social Security.
The salary of a member of Congress ends the day that he of she leaves office.
The retirement system that is in place for members of Congress and other federal workers features what is known as the Federal Employment Retirement Plan.
In my case, I pay a standard premium to participate in the Federal Employees' Health Benefits Plan for my wife and myself out of each month's paycheck.
The progress in Iraq has not been without cost.
We have indeed been fortunate in this country. Over the last 200 some odd years since our Nation was founded, rarely have there been attacks upon our homeland.
We need to thank all of our troops, and particularly those for whom we can never express enough gratitude for they have given their lives so that all of us may be free and that our democracy can be a shining light for the rest of the world.
If the massive invasion is not stopped, we are going to be flooded to the extent that we will drift into third world status. For our children and for our grandchildren, we cannot fail on this issue.
Amnesty is the magnet. Other magnets that you mentioned are anchor babies who get benefits in this country and employer deductions for employees, even if they are here illegally, which Mr. King is addressing.
For more than two centuries, the defenders of liberty have put their lives on the line, because they have known that we cannot take our freedoms for granted.
As the American public continues to focus more intensely on illegal immigration and securing the nation's borders, the number of members of the House Immigration Reform Caucus continues to grow.
The average citizen saw that the big PACs with the billionaires and the multimillionaires get what they want in Washington, but the average citizen is left behind.
When I raise my hand to take the oath on Swearing In Day, I will have the Bible in my other hand. I do not subscribe to using the Koran in any way.
If I'm fortunate enough to get the nomination of the Constitution Party, I will take as many votes from Obama as I would from the Republican nominee.
We really don't have much of a choice between Obama and Romney. Neither one of them are for Medicare or taking the steps that's needed for jobs in America.
It's a very distinct difference between Romney and Obama and myself.
The Founding Fathers had just four Cabinet departments and the postmaster general.
The voters of each Congressional district select the representative that they choose to represent them, and perhaps voters in all districts will now ask prospective candidates whether they will use the Bible, the Koran, or anything else.
It's time for grassroots citizens to have a president that's focused on them rather than the super PACs.
That would be the biggest shake-up Washington ever had, if big money didn't dictate who the candidates were and who got elected.
You can't keep bringing people in from other countries, finding them jobs when Americans need jobs first.
Every company that comes into the office for appropriations, the first thing I ask is how many jobs are you going to bring to the 5th District that are not already there.
The difference between Obama and Romney is the difference between tweedledum and tweedledee.
I'm for making sure Americans get jobs before other people do, and I'm not going to let jobs get outsourced overseas, like Romney let happen.
We should do what Obama and Romney won't do: Concentrate on Americans.
You've just got to be honest and straightforward.
One: balance the budget now, not later. Two: Get Americans jobs by ending illegal immigration and making legal immigration harder. Lastly: Impose term limits.
Both Obama and Romney are just rolling in PAC money. Plus, they have the super PAC's behind them. They've got multi-millionaires and billionaires just buying 30-second ads. It gives each of them tremendous exposure.
Government cannot ensure equal results because every individual differs.
The biggest problem with the deficit is programs that are unconstitutional and wasteful.
Taxes should be simple and fair... I'm not for increasing income taxes - if we even have an income tax.
I'm a conservative, but with a focus on average people. For instance, I support Social Security and Medicare.
I'm for a balanced budget now.
I can tell you, if I'm elected president, it won't be on the Koran, and it won't be on the Book of Mormon.
You shouldn't have political action committees.
I do not love immigration. I think immigration has been harmful to the United States. I think it's brought more persons more dependent on the government into this country.
I just wish that more people would be welcoming to dogs and cats so they didn't have so many that got killed and had to be thrown in a landfill.
We need to preserve jobs in America for American citizens first, and none of the other presidential candidates are - are addressing this issue. It's not politically correct, but it is one thing we could do right away to have jobs in America for American citizens first.
We can have more jobs in small businesses if 'Obamacare' is eliminated.
What we have are - some of the big political donors behind the super PACs are big on promoting more of these trade agreements which cost us jobs - another reason that we need to end political action committees and have only individual donations with their donations being disclosed completely with names and addresses and other information.
If you are in this country illegally, stealing a job from an American citizen, I'm going to do all I can to put an American citizen in that job and not somebody that has crossed our border, come into the country and violated our laws.
I think citizenship should count for something... and it really counts for nothing.
There's a huge cost that comes with illegal immigration.
I talk to a lot of those voters who say, 'Just give us another choice.'
