Politician
My fate is in the hands of almighty Allah.
My fate is in the hands of almighty Allah. I will deliver to the Gambian people and if I have to rule this country for one billion years, I will, if Allah says so.
You cannot be in your offices every day doing nothing... and at the end of the day you expect to be paid.
I will develop the areas that vote for me, but if you don't vote for me, don't expect anything.
Most of the sicknesses we suffer from are from the things we eat.
May we be saved from evil thoughts and deed of enemies of world peace who find pleasure in creating havoc and perpetrating all forms of carnage.
Any one who wants to live in peace and freedom will be to live by toil, demonstration of high levels of discipline and tolerance for one another.
Despite all odds we have emerged as one people and one country.
Homosexuality is anti-humanity.
I have never seen homosexual chicken or turkey.
Allowing homosexuality means allowing satanic rights.
Some people go to the West and claim they are gays and that their lives are at risk in the Gambia, in order for them to be granted a stay in Europe.
What brought the British to the Gambia in the first place - which was bigger than it is now - was trade in ivory because the Gambia had a lot of elephants. They wiped out all the elephants and ended up selling Africans.
As far as I am concerned, LGBT can only stand for leprosy, gonorrhea, bacteria, and tuberculosis, all of which are detrimental to human existence.
I can cure AIDS, and I will.
Homosexuals are not welcome in the Gambia.
When your neighbour's house is on fire, you should help with a bucket of water.
Our forefathers used to live longer and healthy lives.
Today, the origin of 90% of all the edible food Gambians consume are from places they have never heard of.
If you don't show care and love for your children and leave the mothers to take care of all their needs, if they grow up, they will also not consider you.
Apartheid was in South Africa; now it has been transferred to Palestine.
The missile that downed the Malaysian plane, they say, is a Russian-made missile. But the weapons that are used in the barbarism in the barbaric act against the Palestinians were made by the West, and nobody is blaming them. Nobody talks about it; not even the U.N. Security Council can pass a resolution against Israel!
Every Westerner is jubilating that the Berlin Wall has fallen. Something worst than the Berlin Wall is in Palestine; and nobody is talking about it.
If I want to ban any newspaper, I will, with good reason.
I don't believe in killing people. I believe in locking you up for the rest of your life.
I am not a witch doctor, and in fact, you cannot have a witch doctor. You are either a witch or a doctor.
