Israeli,Politician
One of the things that hold together a human society is the existence of basic politeness among its members.
Holocaust survivors came to Israel in order to establish a new human society where nobody would be able to hurt them just because they're Jewish. This is both a furious and vulnerable message.
I'm not particularly fond of Shoah jokes, yet there is one I cannot forget: Why was Auschwitz an optimistic place? Because all the pessimists were already in New York by then.
I want to live in a country that is not just a place but also an idea, and Jerusalem is the heart of the idea. There may be practical considerations, but a country cannot exist without an ethos, and Jerusalem is an ethos.
Succeeding in life is a difficult business - you need to work 16 hours a day, face failures along the way, remember that nobody owes you a thing, and take risks.
The Internet, Facebook, synagogue pamphlets, and the plethora of TV channels and cellular networks in our lives increasingly blur the boundary between the public and private sphere.
The win-win situation is the basis for America's entire business world. Instead of wasting our time attempting to defeat each other, let's find a way that will make both of us gain and go home satisfied. In Israel, it doesn't work because the only meaning of victory is seeing your rival's body lying trampled on the floor.
Corruption is when a politician uses public funds to deliver pistachio ice cream to his home and transfer garden furniture to his Caesarea villa, then requesting that the expenses be covered for the water in his pool and fights to get a private jet.
The Holocaust changed our perception of morality not only because we discovered that morality is the only thing that can stand up to the ultimate evil, but also because it shifted the focus from society to the individual.
Freedom of expression is tested during times of anger and conflict and enables all opinions and outraged expressions of dissent that we may not want to hear. But even for this there have to be limits.
Hebrew is the language I use to thank the Creator and, also, to swear on the road.
Israelis want peace and security, and Palestinians want peace and justice - these are two very different things, and this is the real gap we have to close.
The liberals will surely argue that every person has the right to fall in love with no regard to religion, creed or gender, but I am not that liberal.
Politicians around the world are very different, but they all have one thing in common: The first thing they respond to is public opinion.
Arab society features apartheid of women, apartheid of homosexuals, and apartheid of Christians, Jews, and democracy.
Why doesn't anyone remember that the Palestinians already had four real opportunities to establish their state, yet each time they preferred to revert to terrorism?
Does the global Left - as well as the Israeli Left - truly not care about the horrific Taliban regime, the terrible oppression of women in Gulf states, and the mass hanging festivals in Iran?
Yeshivas barely teach any Bible, only Talmud.
I studied math, and I was terrible at it.
Twenty percent of students in Israel's schools are haredim; another 20% are retired; another 20% are Arab. I have no problem with any of them.
You want private education for your students? No problem whatsoever; pay for it.
I'm going into politics because I think that the kind of discourse taking place in Israel is leading this country to oblivion, and I want to change it.
As opposed to journalists, politicians cannot make do with questions. They must also offer answers.
I think that haredi children should study the core subjects and that their parents must work, and I believe that there are many haredim who think like me and would be glad to discover that someone is fighting the radical functionaries and rabbis who embitter their lives.
For years, Judaism has been a sort of product put on the religious shelf, and on holidays, we would take it off the shelf and let seculars play with it for a bit. Now, Judaism is going back to being something that more closely touches everyone.
My children receive education that greatly emphasizes the fact they are part of a human group that has tradition, collective memory, and a state. I am a great believer in the need for Israel to be a Jewish state. I certainly believe my children will pass that on to their children.
Instead of personal security, citizens are afraid to walk down the street in Jerusalem.
Netanyahu needs to stand before the Israeli public and say, 'I failed.'
The Israeli public's willingness to enlist, the warm embrace for the soldiers and the residents of the south, and the desire to contribute and to give at any given moment really warm the heart, and it gives all of us strength.
If you want to do stuff, you have to be able to handle controversy.
Politics - when it's not cynical, it can be a creation.
Israel was founded as a refuge for the Jewish people, but today it isn't a safe place. It is safer to be Jew in New York.
I like Tel Aviv; I live in Tel Aviv, but our right of return is Jerusalem. We did not return after 2,000 years for Tel Aviv but for Jerusalem.
I don't feel we need a declaration from the Palestinians that they recognize Israel as a Jewish state.
Judaism shouldn't be the jailhouse of ideas but a liberator of ideas; not a disintegrator of people but what brings people together.
People in Israel are sick and tired of the old politics.
One of the hardest things is to create hope.
Israel can't be the only country in the Western world not to have freedom of religion.
I do not deal with threats and ultimatums.
I'm willing to take a polygraph test to prove that I'm happy about Kahlon's return to politics. He's a good man, a man who cares. It's good to have people like that in politics, I have no problem with that.
The Golan Heights is an area in the north of the State of Israel that has no part in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
I want to do everything in my power to ensure the equality between all movements of Judaism in the state of Israel: Orthodox, Conservative, or Reform. In conversions, in budgets, in the eyes of the law. No one can claim ownership over the Jewish God.
The Palestinians must be brought to an understanding that Jerusalem will always remain under Israeli sovereignty and that there is no point for them in opening negotiations about Jerusalem.
The Tower of David is important for Israel's heritage and existence because it is more than a tower, it is a symbol. It is more important than the Azrieli Towers.
I feel we're at risk that a whole generation of young Israelis, who went to the army, work hard, pay taxes, one day will look around and say, 'Hey, this country is going nowhere.'
Social revolutions are never simple.
When the Americans see someone like Steve Jobs or Mark Zuckerberg, who made billions thanks to their talent and determination, the first thing they say to themselves is, 'I want to be like him.' This, in many ways, is the engine that drives Western society: The desire to make it like the winners.
People like to invent enemies. It spares us the need to address complex worldviews.
The views of religious-Zionist rabbis are of course worthy of being heard, yet they represent a very defined and very narrow camp within the Israeli spectrum. This is not the way to shape the perception of future division and brigade commanders.
I am a Zionist.
The State of Israel was not established so that the anti-Semites will disappear but, rather, so we can tell them to get lost.
I am a man of tomorrow, but I also live my past.
I'm not telling you what to do on the Sabbath, and you won't tell me.
I urge the senior members of the political system to form as broad a government as possible that would unite the moderate forces from the Left and Right so that we will be able to bring about real change in the State of Israel.
Israeli citizens deserve full-time ministers.
Israel's master strategy needs to be moving toward a regional arrangement that will enable a full normalization of relations with the Arab states and the establishment of a demilitarized Palestinian state alongside the State of Israel.
There's always a reason not to do anything... to flee the need to make decisions.
When someone doesn't react to changes, the changes turn against him.
I don't reject caution, but you also have to be careful about caution because there's a stage when it turns into paralysis.
The Left doesn't understand the importance of God in the Israeli public discourse, and Yesh Atid does.
Yesh Atid is a Jewish, religious-secular party. Our DNA is center - both Left and Right. The difference between center-left and center-right is more emotional and hereditary than having to do with what people think about the Palestinians.
Judaism is a whole line of values that have existed for thousands of years, but the democratic idea is a new idea, and significant parts of it stand in contradiction to Judaism.
How can Israel say that everyone is equal before the law - that you're equal before the law - when the law defines Judaism as the cultural, national and legislative basis for the state?
I used to have so many opinions before I learned the facts.
If you want to change a country, you're going to be bumped every now and then.
Jerusalem will remain under Israeli sovereignty and will not be divided.
The Human Rights Organisation deceives the world by calling itself a human rights council.
I have written to Israel's friends around the world, including the U.S. Congress and the E.U., and asked them to make funding for the United Nations dependent on ending blatant discrimination against Israel at the U.N. Human Rights Council.
Every Jew is my brother, and I will not succumb to hate speech.
