Somali,Model
Beauty is being comfortable and confident in your own skin.
Eliminating the things you love is not wellness. Wellness feeds your soul and makes you feel good.
I suffer from low self-esteem. I had horrible self-esteem growing up. You really have to save yourself because the critic within you will eat you up. It's not the outside world - it's your interior life, that critic within you, that you have to silence.
Looking good is a commitment to yourself and to others. Wigs, killer heels, Pilates, even fillers - whatever works for you, honey.
Life is too short not to have pasta, steak, and butter.
Nobody has ever said to me that I was pretty, 'til I met Peter Beard.
My looks have changed. I have laugh lines - not wrinkles.
On a Friday night in 1983, I was in a taxi in New York riding home from dinner with friends. A drunk driver ran a red light and hit the cab, and I was thrown toward the glass partition. I tried to duck, but my face hit the glass, and the impact fractured my cheekbone, my eye socket, my collarbone and several ribs.
It's really not a good idea to forecast or double guess the fates; you will always be fooled.
I did not want to get involved with a rock star. No way. It is not a sane thing to do.
After the bones mended, my left eye was smaller than my right, and my eyebrow never grew back. But you know what? Big deal. I think I became beautiful after the accident. I became kinder, more aware. I gained respect for other people.
That is something that my mother instilled in me at a very young age - to know my self-worth. And I have had times again and again in the fashion industry where all of that was tested and I rose to the occasion because I was told that I am worthy and I should be able to walk away from something that is not worthy of me.
Change makes you find your calling, your legacy, and God's divine plan for your life. Don't run from it.
I wasn't a major in political science for nothing, so I understood the politics of beauty and the politics of race when it comes to the fashion industry.
There is no age better than another. The commitment to give of yourself and the knowledge that the time is right are what's important.
I have a certain manner of speech that is unique to me. I tried once to have my staff tweet for me, and it was a disaster! People knew right away that it wasn't me.
On my 50th birthday in 2005, my discount-wielding AARP card came in the mail. I hurled it in the trash, put on something fabulous, and had a decadent meal. Just the thought of putting it in my wallet felt like a concession.
Intelligence is sexy. Don't play dumb, especially young girls. Don't play dumb. And let people see that you are intelligent.
I believe in glamour. I am in favor of a little vanity. I don't rely on just my genes.
Multicultural markets are nuanced but not alien.
If I feel frustrated in a situation, I take a deep breath and walk away.
I was born in Somalia, which is in East Africa. My parents started with nothing: poor, poor, poor. They eloped, which was unheard of in my country, when my father was 17 and my mother was 14.
I am the face of a refugee. I was once a refugee. I was with my family in exile.
The day you settle for less is the day you will get less.
The women I gravitate to are the ones who defy convention and reinvent themselves - hence, they reinvent the world around them.
I can't stand my legs, for a start, and you rarely see me in skirts.
I started the cosmetics in 1994 after I stopped modeling, out of my frustration as a woman of color not finding what I needed.
People talk about the miracle of birth. No. There's the miracle of conception. I did IVF, but nothing happened. So I began to think of adoption, and then I got pregnant. It was definitely a miracle.
The difference between rearing a child in your 20s and one in your 50s is one of patience.
I was never a practicing Muslim. But I do consider myself a Muslim.
When everyone is telling you, 'You're so beautiful, there's nobody like you,' you begin to think it's true. But of course there is nobody like you.
Italian was my first foreign language. I speak it better than English.
I beg you, don't use the verb, 'discover', I hate it. What does it mean, that I didn't exist before?
You want a career? Do that first. You don't want to have kids? Then don't. You don't want to get married? Then don't. But once you do something, you've got to know that there is compromise.
We never wore burkas because Somalis had our own culture.
I'm always criticised by other Somalis and Muslims for what I'm doing as a model and married to a white man and all that.
I was under 18, and to leave Kenya to come to the United States, to get a passport, you had to be 18. So I lied and said I was 19 to get the passport, because otherwise, I had to have permission from my parents, and my parents would never have let me come.
We never do Valentine's dinner, because everybody, they look. On Valentine's, imagine me and David going to a restaurant! Like, everybody's going to say, 'Did they talk? Did they hold hands?' Twenty years. We've been married twenty years!
I was a very nerdy child. I never fit in, so I became laboriously studious.
I had never seen 'Vogue.' I didn't read fashion magazines, I read 'Time' and 'Newsweek.'
People get numbed when they see picture after picture, year in and year out, of people starving.
I would go to cosmetics counters and buy two or three foundations and powders, and then go home and mix them before I came up with something suitable for my undertones.
We all have friends and loved ones who say 60's the new 30. No. Sixty's the new 60.
My given name was Zahra, which is the 'flower of the desert.' I don't look anything like the flower of the desert. My name was changed by my grandfather to Iman, which means 'have faith.' And it meant to have faith that a daughter would come.
I speak five languages besides mine. I went to school in Egypt because girls weren't allowed to go to school in Saudi Arabia. It's very restricting, especially for girls; we're not allowed to go anywhere.
I arrive in New York on October 15, 1975. On my own, by the way.
I'm against a signature look, as that can be very outdating. But having said that, I also know my best qualities, so I'm not going to foolhardily give away my power.
Modeling gave me so many experiences, like traveling and being exposed to global cultures, but the most valuable lesson has been working with designers who truly are visionaries in their field.
There is a lot of noise out there. I don't want to follow the trend - I want to create the trend.
I'll be truly happy when we're not counting the number of ethnically diverse models on a fashion runway or campaign, when having a representation of the entire human race is the norm and not an exception.
I keep on 5 to 10 pounds above my jeans weight, as the ultimate no-filler-needed refresher, and buy a size up on jeans.
I've always said if what I'm going to create doesn't look good on everybody, I'm not going to do it.
I was studying political science; I was adamant that I was going to follow in my father's footsteps.
I wanted a bronzer so I could look like I just came from Ibiza everyday.
We all want what every girl wants: to look fabulous while we're out there ruling the world.
I have a 15-year-old daughter who thinks that I always had this self confidence that I have now at the age of 60. And I always tell her that what she is going through - the low self-esteem as a teenager - that is a right of passage.
I don't do anything by myself. I have a whole crew to get me ready every day.
I thought at 46 years old, I've been removed from the fashion industry for 10 years. I couldn't possibly write a model's book. That's for a 20-year-old. But I could say what I want to say without chastising the industry.
I was raised to treat my body as a temple, but even as a little girl, I had a major issue with self-esteem. I thought there was something wrong with the temple.
There are some people who have helped to advance me and other girls, but the fashion industry is always behind popular culture. They think they understand the zeitgeist. They don't know anything about the zeitgeist.
At the end of the day, a 34B doesn't give you self-esteem.
I don't love eating meat. I really only like chicken and fish.
I tell all my younger friends, 'Don't be afraid of change. That is when you truly see what your destiny is.'
I was admittedly comfortable with Iman Cosmetics being identified as a beauty brand that filled the gap for black women because it was deeply personal for me.
The people who are the most successful in life are not stopped by fear.
I believe the universe has great plans for us. When you are young, you don't learn that.
When I started modeling, they tried to pay black models less than they paid Caucasian models. I turned down those jobs because I knew what I was worth.
At the end of the day, my legacy will not be modelling but my cosmetics line.
When I lived in Egypt, we always wore kaftans. I had cashmere kaftans from Halston. You put on a kaftan in your backyard, and it's like you're in Ibiza.
