Nicaraguan,Celebrity
I think the difference between El Salvador and Nicaragua is that in Nicaragua you had a popular insurrection, and in El Salvador you had a revolution.
Look at what President Kennedy managed to achieve during the Cuban missile crisis. If Bush had been president in 1962, do you think he would have avoided a nuclear war?
I wanted to have a political career. I thought studying political science would be the best way to achieve it.
The death penalty is being applied in the United States as a fatal lottery.
Most governments in Latin America have failed to recognize the rights of indigenous people and their right to their own traditional territories.
I find it disturbing that the media keeps referring to my marriage, since I got divorced in 1979. But the media never wants to let me forget.
Americans need to understand the significance of having their civil liberties dismantled. It doesn't just affect terrorists and foreigners, it affects us all.
George W. Bush and his administration embarked on a full-scale assault on civil liberties, human rights and the rule of law, walking away from his international obligations, tearing up international treaties, protocols and UN conventions.
We are not supposed to go out and kill all those we suspect to have committed a crime.
Tony Blair has turned his back on the principles he claimed he believed in before he stood shoulder-to-shoulder with George W. Bush. He was an entirely different kind of leader.
Today, we talk a lot about terrorism, but we rarely talk about state terrorism.
Those who suffer are not those at the top, but are the less privileged members of society.
There is a question for which we will never know the answer: had the U.S. not launched the Contra war to overthrow the Sandinista government, would they have succeeded in bringing socioeconomic justice to the people of Nicaragua?
The U.S. embargo imposed on Nicaragua, rather than weakening the Sandinistas, actually maintained them in power.
The Sandinista revolution was without any question a popular insurrection.
The Sandinista government became consumed with fighting a war of survival. They were up against the biggest superpower in the world.
Saddam Hussein has been brutal against his people, but when he was committing those crimes, the international community did not come to the rescue of the Iraqis.
President Bush should be indicted and should be driven out of office. He should be sent back home in Texas.
People in the U.K. cannot understand whether Blair has lost his mind or whether his ambition to be the second-most-powerful man in the world made him lose his mind.
People in so many countries look up to the United States as a model of democracy, but I doubt if that can continue. It leaves me with a great sense of loss.
Live interviews are more difficult to distort.
In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words.
The mere fact of an American being present could help save the lives of innocent people. That's why I believe in the importance of bearing witness, to become a voice for the voiceless.
The killing of innocent people is always wrong.
The British Red Cross asked me to help them spearhead a fundraising campaign for the victims of the war in Nicaragua. It was a turning point in my life. It began my commitment to justice and human rights issues.
I've enjoyed doing Wolf Blitzer's program, and I even enjoyed having a heated debate with Bill O'Reilly. I will do it any time.
