Canadian,Musician
Sometimes it's the journey that teaches you a lot about your destination.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
A relationship can give you a gut wrenching feeling sometimes. It's a real emotional ride.
I'm not going to lie; listen, I'm nice at basketball.
I'm not confrontational, but if someone challenges, I'm not going to back down.
There will be days when I walk in an arena and people will cheer and then there might be days when I walk in an arena and people might boo, but it all sounds the same to me because it's all just noise that lets me know that I'm relevant.
'Perfection' to me is, I walk away from a situation and say, 'I did everything I could do right there. There was nothing more that I could do.' I was a hundred percent, like the meter was at the top. There was nothing else I could have done. You know? Like, I worked as hard as I possibly could have. That's perfection.
I'm mischievous, but I'm calculated.
My life is mine to remember.
I like sweaters. I have a sweater obsession, I guess.
I'd rather tell you how I really feel.
My mother made me truly appreciate women.
I'm actually a very honest person, and sometimes I end up like, 'Man, I said too much.' It's hard for me not to tell the truth when you ask me.
I'm dying to be a great dad one day, whenever that day comes.
I've never been reckless - it's always calculated. I'm mischievous, but I'm calculated.
When it comes to knowing what to say, to charm, I always had it.
Me and my dad are friends. We're cool. I'll never be disappointed again, because I don't expect anything anymore from him. I just let him exist, and that's how we get along.
Kanye West is my favorite artist.
There are a lot of good women in New York.
Patience is key for getting over a breakup. That, and trailing off your interaction after the breakup.
I try to really capitalize off of what other rappers really can't do. There are opportunities that rappers I love simply can't get, because... you know... I don't have the tattoos; I have a different image.
There were people who incorporated melody before me, but I would deem myself the first person to successfully rap and sing.
Reviews condition people. At the end of the day, a lot of human minds are malleable. They can be easily shaped with strong words.
I like Ryan Gosling as an actor. I watch all of his movies, and he's Canadian and I just like his swag. I read his interviews and I'm a big fan of his.
When I'm writing, I'm thinking about how the songs are going to play live. Fifty bars of rap don't translate onstage. No matter how potent the music, you lose the crowd. They want a hook; they want to sing your stuff back to you.
The ideal girl is driven, working on something other than modeling or being a singer.
