Canadian,Actress
Once you get a kitten, the natural thing you do is take a billion photos.
When you're going through a breakup, you should just let yourself feel everything so you can get over it as opposed to pretending everything's okay and dragging it out.
Think about it: if the world could see how much adoption means from a cat's point of view, shelters would be empty.
I got a job as a human rights and refugees officer, working on youth-based projects. But I realized all the kids I was working with were far more into 'The Daily Show' than the policy briefings.
It comes down to personal style, and that's what's sexy and attractive in a man.
I think everybody understands the fact that the right person will be cast for the role. So it's not theirs really to lose; they're just trying to find the right person.
Everyone is your friend if you say yes, but say no and watch how they react. It's been a huge life lesson for me.
I am a little obsessed with surprise kitty.
I have an extended family of close friends, guy and girls.
The thing I learned about being in this industry is the core of hosting and the core of acting is authenticity. So if you're just real in those moments, no matter what you're doing, that's what translates and makes you successful.
My mom used to call me a parrot, because the way I spoke would change in every country we'd go to.
I went to Coachella once, and it was only to go see Leonard Cohen. I got in the car and sat through all the crazy traffic in L.A. to get there - instead of a two hour drive, it takes, like, six hours. Then I watched his set and turned around and left. I just so wanted to see him perform in the desert.
The Weeknd is the dopeness.
I think being called a cat lady is a compliment. It means you have adopted a tiny little maniac into your life.
My cats, Jacob and Frank, mean the world to me, and by partnering once again with Fresh Step with the power of Febreze, I'm raising awareness for its Million Meow Mission to help every shelter cat find a forever home.
After I graduated in Vancouver, I had been working on a book about war-affected children and land mines with the foreign minister - he was working at a place on campus and hired me. I then got a job as a Human Rights and Refugees Officer in London, and I loved working there.
Fusion fashion - that's what I'm inspired by, taking all these different cultures and then trying to put it together that a girl here would love to wear.
My family never told me like you have to be one thing. What do you want to be when you grow up? They think it's the most ridiculous question. You can be many, many things.
I move countries every three or four years. I was born in London, and we lived in Canada. Then we lived in Saudi Arabia until the Gulf War broke out, when we were forced to leave. Then we hop-scotched for a while from Holland back to Canada back to Saudi Arabia. Then there was D-day, so we had to get out again.
I lived on the Greek side of Cypress, and I think that's also where my interest in politics really started to come alive. It was the first time that I was told I couldn't go somewhere: My grandfather's house is on the Turkish side, but we were not allowed to go there.
I had two different degrees: One in International Relations/Political Science and another degree in Radio and Television Production.
People know not to mess with my friends or my family because it's not going to work out well for you.
'Curvy' is just a polite way of saying 'fat.'
I'm not afraid of change, let's put it that way.
While I was growing up all over, in all my different schools, I was always doing theater, auditioning for plays.
I am passionate about human rights.
I worked at the United Nations.
I was born in England, but then I lived in Calgary, Saudi Arabia, Cyprus, India, Vancouver, London, Toronto, and now L.A.
That's my family; we have a very British sense of humour, very dry.
I know quite a few friends who are models, and they're usually really smart, sharp, world-savvy people.
If you're not a workout person, go there 75 percent fast asleep. Anybody who has ever been in one of my workout classes knows I'm there practically in my pajamas!
I love to do Pilates, Bar Method, and spin. I'm addicted.
An eyelash curler changes your entire face. It opens your eyes up.
Clinique's Chubby Stick Moisturizing Lip Colour Balm in Chunky Cherry is perfect for people with my skin tone.
It just seemed like an unattainable dream to go down to Los Angeles and to land a professional working, acting gig on a show that you really love with a character you really connect with. That doesn't seem possible; that seems insane.
Everything I've done I've always kind of jumped in headfirst, and it's been a learning curve. Even MuchMusic, I had never done live television before, and all of a sudden you show up, and they're like, 'You ready kid? Let's go.'
The Canadians kind of look out for each other a little bit.
You can spend the day at work, but when you go home, and you're in the role of a father or a husband, you don't have to remind yourself that you shouldn't tell your wife to hold the messages. If you do, that marriage is not going to last very long.
I've been on stage since I was nine years old, and I kind of stumbled into the world of hosting. That, to me, was the thing I had to build a skill set for.
If you look at my career path, I was a human rights and refugees officer for the United Nations. I helped research a book for Lloyd Axworthy. I've worked in coffee shops. I've sold clothes. I've hosted TV shows, and now I'm acting.
Take risks! I'm embracing bold prints.
We want to bring awareness for all those cats still searching for their forever home and not only help them find their perfect match but also make the transition home a success.
I love the funny and sweet moments I have with my cats, Jake and Frank, so I'm honored to be celebrating these moments at the Catdance Film Festival.
America's Next Shuffle Cat contest proved to be not only entertaining, but a rare chance for me to have an opportunity to host and judge some of the nation's cutest cats as they strutted the catwalk.
I should give a TED Talk about my TV-marathoning skills. It's my sport.
I'm a huge cook! I'm actually trying to write my first cookbook. I make an Indian-spice Bolognese and serve it over pasta. It's a combination of flavors that people aren't used to.
I went to high schools in four different countries. The gift is that you can constantly reinvent yourself. I still feel that freedom. One day, I'll wear a dress I got in India; the next, Converse sneakers and jeans.
That is the most liberating thing to feel as an actor: that you don't have to hold back or be afraid. A bit might not work, but it doesn't matter.
The hardest part of my job, daily, is to not laugh while we shoot.
I just can't break. If I break, I'm done. So I don't break.
The greatest thing about 'New Girl' is that you never can predict what is next!
Millions of cats are in shelters across the country waiting for a loving parent or family to bring them home.
Indian weddings, visually, they're so stunning.
If someone wants to take me on a date? I don't know if I'd say no.
That's so romantic, to wake up and find that he's packed a bag - and that for the next 48 hours, everything is taken care of.
I find there's this weird anger thing: Someone will approach me at the bar and say, 'Hey, can I buy you a drink?' And I'll say, 'No, I'm okay.' And then all of a sudden, there's this male anger flip, where they go, 'Oh, you know what? I wasn't even gonna buy you a drink, 'cause you're not even that cute anyway,' and walk away.
I would not give up my eyelash curler.
My lashes are so long that if I don't curl them, I'm blind.
My life is so crazy! I learned early on to really embrace change and enjoy the ride.
I think if you want to be seen as an intelligent woman, you can't be someone who feels empowered and sexy. I just don't understand who makes these rules, and frankly, I'm not interested in them.
It is so cool to think that there are two female, Indian actresses on prime-time American network television who are considered attractive and funny and smart.
I think eventually I'd love to get into directing.
As a girl growing up in Cyprus, Saudi Arabia and then India, the idea of cracking the industry in America seemed crazy. So thankfully, the way I was raised was to be an open person.
I know that Liz Meriwether likes to keep things as honest and complicated as life can be, which is really fun for all of us.
I had never thought of hosting, but a really good friend of mine said, 'This is the most empowered platform to speak to young people about the issues that you care about, which is why you're in this in the first place.' So I was like, 'Yeah, no, it makes perfect sense.' And so that's what I started doing.
I also had a hosting position on a home and garden television show - which is a joke if you ever see my apartment.
The things that I care about have never changed.
I'm obsessed with karaoke, but I don't like to sing. I just like to go and watch amateur singers.
The song that makes me the happiest when someone sings it is Cher's 'If I Could Turn Back Time.'
A friend of mine and I would go to this dirty little bar in Toronto that has karaoke every Tuesday night, and one night, we noticed that the only other person in there was Derek Jeter.
If I could travel back in time, I'd bring back the entire Wu-Tang Clan.
It's aspirational for me. I've lived as a cat lady. I'm happy to be a cat lady. I'll continue to be a cat lady. Just bring them all to my house, and I'll keep them all, no problem.
I'm just a really big fan of street style. When I went to New York for Fashion Week, it was great to watch everyone on the runway and see all the beautiful clothes and to get ideas, but again, I think it's just about being open and looking around.
I love when I go back to London. I love how the girls dress there.
My mom, well, she's half Greek, half German-Italian; born in England. She's just a nomad. She loves Middle Eastern style, Indian style, so much so that she ended up having Indian babies.
Women are no longer being defined by where they were born or their colour. That's huge.
Growing up, I remember watching TV, and I didn't see a lot of people who looked like me, especially someone who passed as a glamorous model on a mainstream TV show.
When I lived in London, I worked at the U.N. for a while as its human rights and refugees officer. I have two degrees, and my second was in radio. I was a programmer and news reporter in Canada. My CV looks bananas.
My mum won't speak to me unless I speak properly on the phone. I have to speak 'American' for work, so often the accent comes through when I'm not at work.
