Canadian,Scientist
Human dignity is better served by embracing knowledge.
For scholarship - if it is to be scholarship - requires, in addition to liberty, that the truth take precedence over all sectarian interests, including self-interest.
In nation after nation, democracy has taken the place of autocracy.
Under this scientific and moral pressure, the Canadian government conceded publicly that the use of these weapons in Vietnam was, in their view, a contravention of the Geneva Protocol.
For science must breathe the oxygen of freedom.
Science gives us a powerful vocabulary, and it is impossible to produce a vocabulary with which one can only say nice things.
The applause is a celebration not only of the actors but also of the audience. It constitutes a shared moment of delight.
The most exciting thing in the twentieth century is science.
Young people ask me if this country is serious about science. They aren't thinking about the passport that they will hold, but the country that they must rely on for support and encouragement.
When, as we must often do, we fear science, we really fear ourselves.
Science never gives up searching for truth, since it never claims to have achieved it.
Scientia is knowledge. It is only in the popular mind that it is equated with facts.
The eye searches for shapes. It searches for a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Though we explore in a culturally-conditioned way, the reality we sketch is universal.
It is this, at its most basic, that makes science a humane pursuit; it acknowledges the commonality of people's experience.
If we treasure our own experience and regard it as real, we must also treasure other people's experience.
Our assessment of socio-economic worth is largely a sham. We scientists should not lend ourselves to it - though we routinely do. We should, instead, insist on applying the criterion of quality.
Though neglectful of their responsibility to protect science, scientists are increasingly aware of their responsibility to society.
Some dreamers demand that scientists only discover things that can be used for good.
Others think it the responsibility of scientists to coerce the rest of society, because they have the power that derives from special knowledge.
In the late 1950s a major topic under discussion was whether Canada should acquire nuclear weapons.
Individual scientists like myself - and many more conspicuous - pointed to the dangers of radioactive fallout over Canada if we were to launch nuclear weapons to intercept incoming bombers.
Better to die in the pursuit of civilized values, we believed, than in a flight underground. We were offering a value system couched in the language of science.
Today, Academies of Science use their influence around the world in support of human rights.
What makes the Universal Declaration an epochal document is first of all its global impetus and secondly the breadth of its claims, a commitment to a new social contract, binding on all the Governments of the world.
Instead, in the absence of respect for human rights, science and its offspring technology have been used in this century as brutal instruments for oppression.
