Canadian,Actor
I like chatting with people. If people ask me a direct question, I give them a direct answer and I feel I've always done that with the press.
Yes, I do believe that there is a cause and effect and a ripple effect upon everything everybody does, and they have positive consequences and negative consequences. If you start to focus on the kind of minutia of that, it's really quite extraordinary.
I feel extraordinarily peaceful when I'm watching the sun set.
I've always traveled with a picture of my daughter from 1989, her kindergarten school picture, that has 'I love you, Daddy' written on it. She's always made fun of me because I never changed that picture out. It's like my resistance to her getting older. It was the first thing she'd ever written to me and it means the world to me.
I think the most attractive thing is a sense of humour. If someone can make you laugh, you've gotten a lot out of the way.
I do believe very strongly that all of us and all of the other things in the context of our planet with Mother Nature, all of these things absolutely have a profound effect.
I'm a huge fan of Canadian rock-and-roll. When I was growing up, Rush came out with a record called Hemispheres, and I must have listened to that record for two years straight. Even when I was asleep I had it on. So, yeah, whenever I hear a Rush tune, the first thing I think of is Toronto.
I have a very strong political outlook, and that is something I'd like to take more responsibility for in my life. I don't believe in utilising certain aspects of the power I have with celebrity to push that forward, but I would like to make some films that address some of those political issues.
I am a bit obsessive about tidiness. I need to make my bed in the morning and leave it perfectly made up.
If you are going to do something potentially for another eight years, you want it to be something that you can really sink your teeth in and that's going to be different and interesting for this next period of time.
I did a play called Throne of Straw when I was 11, at the Odyssey Theatre in Los Angeles. It became really clear to me at that point that I enjoyed acting more than any other experience I was having.
My parents not only did it for a living, but they were really good at it.
Youth is an amazing thing: I think back on when we did The Lost Boys, and I didn't think I could do anything wrong.
There's a confidence that comes from youth and not knowing better. But there comes a point, as an actor, when you do know better, and that is when the fear starts.
I couldn't see my father's films because they were restricted and we didn't have videos or DVDs back then.
When I saw Virginia Woolf, somewhere between the first and second acts, someone I had known as my mother became somebody else.
When I wasn't the flavor of the week or month or day, those were hard times.
I didn't realize that television has gone through immense changes and has become very progressive.
When we shoot 24, there are so many things I have to worry about, from the script to technical things to my performance, that I don't have a second to be bored or take anything for granted. We produce 24 hours of film a season, which is like making 12 movies.
The writers keep managing to turn the show in on itself, coming up with something that's well thought-out and miraculous.
There are three things we need to do for a band. We need to make a great record; we need to get the record played; and we need to find an audience for the live shows.
There are two things that Jack Bauer never does. Show mercy, and go to the bathroom.
There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work.
I've made films that I've given all I had to, that no one has seen. The bottom line is I want to work and I want someone to enjoy it.
When Julia and I broke up and I was really scared to go into a market or anywhere because I thought, 'Oh God, everyone must hate me. And that wasn't the case. People said, 'I'm sorry this happened, man. Are you alright?'
My whole mood or sense can change by virtue of the music that I'm listening to. It really does affect me on a visceral and emotional level.
