Canadian,Journalist
Always have a sense of humor about life - you'll need it - but always be courteous to boot.
I'm not a slave to objectivity. I'm never quite sure what it means. And it means different things to different people.
As a journalist, one tends to think there's nothing off limits.
Every candidate goes into every debate hoping that they can own a particular moment.
I was raised with the notion that it was OK to ask questions, and it was OK to say, I'm not sure. I believe, but I'm not quite so certain about the resurrection.
I've always shied away from conventional wisdom, though I know the power of it.
Senator Albert Gore Sr. was one of the first outspoken critics of the Vietnam War.
The candidate out front on Labor Day has historically been the one who stayed ahead in November.
I am utterly struck how, 300 years after his execution, Christianity became the official religion of the Roman Empire.
We have been through a period where we see power leaching away from Washington. Who is more important in the world today: Bill Clinton or Bill Gates? I don't know.
I don't think anybody who looks carefully at us thinks that we are a left-wing or a right-wing organization.
I'm a little concerned about this notion everybody wants us to be objective.
If you tailor your news viewing so that you only get one point of view, well of course you're going to think somebody else has got a different point of view, and it may be wrong.
Some people continue to pretend that anchor people are reporters.
A couple of weeks is a long time in American politics.
Al Gore has dedicated his life to detail. George W. Bush has not. He's the first to admit it.
Do I think I was put here on earth to be a journalist and to seek truth? No, I don't.
Do we elect a man because of what he stands for, because of where he stands on the issues, because how he makes the nation feel?
Don't be confused that my interest in religion, faith, and spirituality is driven by any sense of faith or spirituality of my own.
George W. had a plan. He arranged to join the Air National Guard in Texas, which meant he would not be sent to Vietnam.
I am sensitive to the value of faith and religion and spirituality in people's lives because I'm a journalist.
I don't think a reporter should give advice or make predictions.
I have gone through a period of seeking to understand what or how strong or what are the connections I have to God.
I think Chris Matthews is a very bright guy. I'd listen to him even if he didn't shout at people.
I think I am very mainstream - I'm committed to good works in my life.
I think I came to see Islam, or at least one part of Islam, as an important defense mechanism against the commercialization of the world.
