Canadian,Actress
If you've ever had anyone in your life who has been struggling with something, struggling with addiction or struggling with anything, and it's about the resilience of love and how much you're willing to struggle with somebody to preserve your relationship and to try to preserve them as a person.
I think a liberal arts education isn't necessarily about doing something with your degree; it's about becoming a critical thinker. And I think that critical thinking is so integral to being an actor.
I'm a part-time student, and I plan to finish my degree. I think there are a lot of part-time students with jobs on the side or stressful careers. I'm certainly not the first person to be working while I'm in university.
If we learn to understand each other, we will have a better understanding of ourselves.
I can walk down the street and have a human experience every day.
It's fun being a princess, but it's not very practical! You're trudging through the forest and the mud and all of the elements. You kind of think, 'How did they do this back then?' Thank God I can put on my Nike trainers and walk around the rest of the day!
I love film, and I love short films.
In the summer, I love to go up north to a cottage and relax by the lake, swim, go canoeing... I also love riding my bike around Toronto, going to the farmer's market, cooking. That sounds simple, but it's a luxury you don't have when you're living in hotels.
Movement is very important to a character, no matter what period you're working in. So when it came to playing Emma Jung and lacing up in the corset, it was really not a foreign thing for me.
It's tempting to think, 'This is silly. I'm an artist. I care about my work, my work is first. I don't care about what kind of dress I wear... That's so secondary to me.' But if you care about your work... then you need to take this part of it just as seriously as you would going into an audition and going into work.
I have a regular life, and I do that intentionally: hanging out with my friends, cooking dinner for my boyfriend.
I fell in love with filmmaking. I fell in love with criticism. I fell in love with theory, and it made me really dogmatic in my approach to choosing roles.
When you look at something that's so extraordinary, like a man who is traveling back in time to prevent JFK's assassination, for me, as an actor, you're still trying to seed it in some sort of reality.
I think my generation is defining themselves as Canadian artists.
Without disruptions in life, where would we be?
Growing up, you have all these ideas, and then you're confronted and faced with the real world for the first time. And you have to think of what you want your life to be.
I do build my own backstory as an actor. It's important to know where your characters have come from in order to know where they're going - in order to exist in that state of being.
It's particularly important for a young woman to be in control of her image - to a certain extent. I mean, there's only so much you can do, because people take photos with you and then all of a sudden they pop up all over the place, they're completely out of context and you have no control over how they're used.
I've studied dance since I was very young, and I continue to study ballet.
When you're in a very specific kind of wardrobe, it kind of dictates your movement; it also kind of enables you - or, I guess, disables you - from certain kinds of movement.
When you fall in love with favourite movie stars, it's not because they're movie stars and unattainable, but because they show you sides of themselves that are extremely personal.
You can have a bunch of great actors in a film, but if you don't have anyone telling a great story, it's a moot point.
It's mostly directors whom I get starstruck around.
It's so often that I read for the bouncy, sunny girl men fall in love with who will solve all the romantic problems in the narrative. I don't choose to work that way.
When you're wearing a corset for a long period of time, things that were important to you hours before are no longer important, because doing them exhausts you.
Since 'A Dangerous Method,' I've had meetings with everyone from J.J. Abrams to the producers of 'Drive.' And they all have the same thing in common; they say: 'Wow you worked with Cronenberg.' He gave me instant film cred.
I'm trying to be a working actor. I'm not in pursuit of fame. I'm not trying to be in the kinds of films that make you famous like that.
I think when you focus on the work, it becomes a simpler pursuit.
The kinds of films that I'm used to doing are independent films. They're very small character-driven pieces, and there isn't as much spectacle involved.
Sometimes when you're working on a period piece, there's this tendency to be nostalgic about the period and do everything superglamorous, which can end up looking cliche.
I really like Armani Luminous Silk Foundation in the winter because it has SPF, and it's still important to protect your skin from the sun in the wintertime. I'm also really into also vera - just organic, natural aloe vera gel that I put on all over my skin to moisturize.
Working with Mr. Armani is such an incredible experience because he's so creative and such a visionary, and Linda Cantello is amazing and a true artist.
This might be really weird, but The Body Shop has a tea tree oil stick that you can put on zits, and it makes your zits go away.
The Queen is not supposed to have a favourite or prefer anything. From a very young age, they are taught that if you fall down, you don't make a face; you keep your emotions under control, and you don't let other people know what you're feeling. That's a very different kind of way of thinking from how I was brought up.
I was brought up to express myself and say how I was feeling.
My grandmother was British and in the Women's Auxiliary Royal Air Force in World War II.
It was a very critical moment for me when I began working with David Cronenberg and seeing this amazing director and creator choose to base himself out of Toronto.
I was getting a lot of pressure to go to the States, but I never really wanted to. I saw Cronenberg forge his own path, and that made me believe that I could do that, too.
It's really a testament to my parents, because I was active, curious and creative as a child, and my parents nurtured that. But I wouldn't say that I was a professional child actor at all. I was never the breadwinner of my family.
I don't love L.A. It's a great place to visit; it's a great place to meet and work, but I don't want to live there.
I'm a really proud, happy Canadian. I think we've got it figured out in our country. For example, gay marriage has just been legalized in all of the U.S. and it's like, 'Wow, hashtag lovewins,' but that's not necessarily a leap forward compared to what we've already experienced in Canada years ago.
Toronto is such a progressive city. When you've travelled to other places in the world, you realize how unprogressive they are.
When I sit down with filmmakers, I feel like we speak the same language in a lot of ways. We watch the same movies and have the same influences. If anything, it creates a dialogue that makes my work more effective.
My grandmother is British. She was in the Women's Auxiliary Air Force during World War II. That's where she met my grandfather, who was sailing for the British Royal Navy. She was a war bride.
We have a strong tradition in Toronto of really great film writers, and growing up in that climate is a big reason I pursued cinema studies.
Film is an art form. Dissecting and understanding it is a part of our own interest in humanity.
I wore Armani Prive to Cannes, and that was incredible. The craftsmanship is something I never understood until I wore it: the structure, the integrity of the fabrics, the colours, how things photograph.
