Canadian,Actress
I came to acting in a very circuitous way.
That's the thing with sci-fi and action roles. You have to play the danger as real. If you don't, you end up with egg on your face. You have to commit. You can't think about how stupid it might look without the special effects.
I did a lot of stunts, so the harness work isn't foreign to me either.
Cast changes are a hard thing. For two years, we had this little family. We weren't together when these changes were decided upon. It all happened during our hiatus.
I never was really into comics as a child, and I think if you miss the boat when you're a kid, you don't necessarily pick up on it when you're an adult.
When you're fighting with a stunt person, your intent is to miss.
We don't move on in the stunt unless it looks like a hit. So when I see it on TV, I'm generally satisfied that people are going to buy it.
There are a lot of great actresses out there. You learn to appreciate each one for what they offer.
Acting isn't the be-all end-all. There are a lot of other things in my life that will bring me joy if I didn't act anymore.
When I was in university, my dream was to be a coach, like a high school track coach. Not to teach.
I've been working some really long hours for the last five or six years. Anybody who works on series television knows, and especially women because women spend probably two hours more than the guys with all their hair and makeup crap.
I think I've paid my dues. I've really put in a lot of time on set.
I can't say that I've made the transition to movies.
I've been really fortunate to go from series to series to series.
People get on a show and they fought tooth and nail. Almost 95% of the actors out there want to be on a television series. Then as soon as they get onto one, no, no, I want to be a movie star. This television series stuff, no, no no.
I would be very happy doing movies. I love to work and I think I'm a little different.
I think I'm a people person. I get very attached to people. And I've become so attached to all the people on my show, the cast, the crew and the producers.
I desperately want a dog, but I've been told I travel too much, and I'm not allowed to have a dog.
In terms of being a role model, I didn't start out to be one. I don't go to work every day with that in mind. But, I do get a lot of fan mail from young girls.
There are a lot of other things in this world that can and will bring me joy. Acting is one of them.
My first paying job, when I was 15, I was a day camp counselor.
Linda Hamilton is my hero. She was so tough and so strong and so vulnerable at the same time. I think that's what woman action figures are allowed to be: vulnerable, in a way that women are.
In the beginning, people think vulnerability will make you weak, but it does the opposite. It shows you're strong enough to care.
You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot.
It's all about exploring the more unpredictable aspects in the character, not just fighting people.
I approach my character with the question: What would an animal think? How would an animal respond? A lot of times, it's quick action and no fear, and sometimes it's irrational fear. You don't always know.
