Canadian,Politician
Where there is little or no public opinion, there is likely to be bad government, which sooner or later becomes autocratic government.
It is what we prevent, rather than what we do that counts most in Government.
Conscription if necessary, but not necessarily conscription.
If I am outspoken of the dangers of intemperance to members of our armed forces, it is because we are all especially concerned for the welfare of those who are risking their lives in the cause of freedom.
Until the control of the issue of currency and credit is restored to government and recognized as its most conspicuous and sacred responsibility, all talks of the sovereignty of Parliament and of democracy is idle and futile.
Once a nation parts with the control of its credit, it matters not who makes the laws.
Self-denial and self-discipline, however, will be recognized as the outstanding qualities of a good soldier.
Only the man who disciplines himself strictly can stand for long the terrific pace of modern war.
Usury once in control will wreck the nation.
If the military might of Germany and Japan are ultimately to be crushed, the United Nations, one and all, must definitely and urgently strive toward a total war effort.
No one will deny that the excessive use of alcohol and alcoholic beverages would do more than any other single factor to make impossible a total war effort.
Fortunately, the Canadian people in all their habits, are essentially a temperate people.
Few would venture to deny the advantages of temperance in increasing the efficiency of a nation at war.
From the outset of the war, the Canadian people have clearly shown that it is their desire to help in every way to make Canada's war effort as effective as possible.
Regardless of what one's attitude towards prohibition may be, temperance is something against which, at a time of war, no reasonable protest can be made.
The increased consumption of alcoholic beverages in Canada since the outbreak of war is one evidence of this.
Nor do we begin to have a clear appreciation of what the increase in consumption of alcoholic beverages in wartime means in increased risk, and in loss of efficiency to the fighting and working forces of the country.
Since the outbreak of war, there has been in our country a steady increase in the consumption of spirits, wine and beer. It is estimated that in dollar volume, the annual outlay is now practically double what it was before the war.
Each year, therefore, a dollar spent on alcoholic beverages has purchased a smaller quantity.
In the twelve months immediately preceding the outbreak; of war, the quantity of spirits, both domestic and imported released for sale in Canada, amounted to over three and a half million proof gallons.
When gasoline and rubber are rationed, electric power and transport facilities are becoming increasingly scarce, and manpower shortages are developing, it is difficult for people to understand their increased use for other than the most vital needs of war.
Every hour of useful work is precious.
Workers in industry are the partners in war of the fighting forces.
I would not wish to imply that most industrial accidents are due to intemperance. But, certainly, temperance has never failed to reduce their number.
As to the advantages of temperance in the training of the armed forces and of its benefits to the members of the forces themselves, there can be no doubt in the world.
The anxiety of most parents in seeing their sons and daughters enlist does not lie only in the fear of the physical dangers they may encounter.
