American,President
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership.
Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.
May we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
If men can develop weapons that are so terrifying as to make the thought of global war include almost a sentence for suicide, you would think that man's intelligence and his comprehension... would include also his ability to find a peaceful solution.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.
Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you're a thousand miles from the corn field.
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
Plans are nothing; planning is everything.
If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom.
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Politics ought to be the part-time profession of every citizen who would protect the rights and privileges of free people and who would preserve what is good and fruitful in our national heritage.
Only Americans can hurt America.
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.
Some people wanted champagne and caviar when they should have had beer and hot dogs.
Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace.
When you put on a uniform, there are certain inhibitions that you accept.
There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.
The history of free men is never really written by chance but by choice; their choice!
In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history.
There's no tragedy in life like the death of a child. Things never get back to the way they were.
War settles nothing.
Unlike presidential administrations, problems rarely have terminal dates.
We are tired of aristocratic explanations in Harvard words.
In most communities it is illegal to cry 'fire' in a crowded assembly. Should it not be considered serious international misconduct to manufacture a general war scare in an effort to achieve local political aims?
Our pleasures were simple - they included survival.
There is no victory at bargain basement prices.
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free.
The spirit of man is more important than mere physical strength, and the spiritual fiber of a nation than its wealth.
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem - and that yardstick is: Is it good for America?
I have only one yardstick by which I test every major problem - and that yardstick is: Is it good for America?
When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything.
This desk of mine is one at which a man may die, but from which he cannot resign.
Don't think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed.
Politics is a profession; a serious, complicated and, in its true sense, a noble one.
Whatever America hopes to bring to pass in the world must first come to pass in the heart of America.
There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs.
Our forces saved the remnants of the Jewish people of Europe for a new life and a new hope in the reborn land of Israel. Along with all men of good will, I salute the young state and wish it well.
I shall make that trip. I shall go to Korea.
How far you can go without destroying from within what you are trying to defend from without?
When people speak to you about a preventive war, you tell them to go and fight it. After my experience, I have come to hate war.
Disarmament, with mutual honor and confidence, is a continuing imperative.
I despise people who go to the gutter on either the right or the left and hurl rocks at those in the center.
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.
Some years ago I became president of Columbia University and learned within 24 hours to be ready to speak at the drop of a hat, and I learned something more, the trustees were expected to be ready to speak at the passing of the hat.
Oh, that lovely title, ex-president.
The most terrible job in warfare is to be a second lieutenant leading a platoon when you are on the battlefield.
There is no person in this room whose basic rights are not involved in any successful defiance to the carrying out of court orders.
You have a row of dominoes set up; you knock over the first one, and what will happen to the last one is that it will go over very quickly.
The sergeant is the Army.
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.
I can think of nothing more boring for the American people than to have to sit in their living rooms for a whole half hour looking at my face on their television screens.
The purpose is clear. It is safety with solvency. The country is entitled to both.
Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in the blood of his followers and the sacrifices of his friends.
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
I think that people want peace so much that one of these days government had better get out of their way and let them have it.
I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the presidency.
It is far more important to be able to hit the target than it is to haggle over who makes a weapon or who pulls a trigger.
I deplore the need or the use of troops anywhere to get American citizens to obey the orders of constituted courts.
I have found out in later years that we were very poor, but the glory of America is that we didn't know it then.
Ankles are nearly always neat and good-looking, but knees are nearly always not.
Well, when you come down to it, I don't see that a reporter could do much to a president, do you?
Things have never been more like the way they are today in history.
The United States strongly seeks a lasting agreement for the discontinuance of nuclear weapons tests. We believe that this would be an important step toward reduction of international tensions and would open the way to further agreement on substantial measures of disarmament.
There are a number of things wrong with Washington. One of them is that everyone is too far from home.
I'm saving that rocker for the day when I feel as old as I really am.
The free world must not prove itself worthy of its own past.
We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom.
In the final choice a soldier's pack is not so heavy as a prisoner's chains.
