American,President
We are a nation of communities... a brilliant diversity spread like stars, like a thousand points of light in a broad and peaceful sky.
America is never wholly herself unless she is engaged in high moral principle. We as a people have such a purpose today. It is to make kinder the face of the nation and gentler the face of the world.
We know what works. Freedom Works. We know what's right. Freedom is right.
Lincoln said you cannot be President without spending some item on your knees. I have repeated that and a bunch of Atheists got all over me. Wait a minute. Does that mean that you cannot be President if you are an Atheist? I say yea that does mean that.
A new breeze is blowing, and a world refreshed by freedom seems reborn; for in man's heart, if not in fact, the day of the dictator is over. The totalitarian era is passing, its old ideas blown away like leaves from an ancient, lifeless tree.
One of the good things about the way the Gulf War ended in 1991 is, you'd see the Vietnam veterans marching with the Gulf War veterans.
Read my lips: no new taxes.
I'll be glad to reply to or dodge your questions, depending on what I think will help our election most.
I like a colorful sock. I'm a sock man.
I have opinions of my own, strong opinions, but I don't always agree with them.
We don't want an America that is closed to the world. What we want is a world that is open to America.
I have a form of Parkinson's disease, which I don't like. My legs don't move when my brain tells them to. It's very frustrating.
I'm going to be so much better a president for having been at the CIA that you're not going to believe it.
We are not the sum of our possessions.
It's no exaggeration to say that the undecideds could go one way or another.
I'm conservative, but I'm not a nut about it.
I stand for anti-bigotry, anti-Semitism, and anti-racism.
Losing is tough.
I know my serve stinks, but I was a pretty good tennis player.
What's wrong with being a boring kind of guy?
The U.S.S. George H. W. Bush is a great thing in my life. It's amazing. A great honor.
But let me tell you, this gender thing is history. You're looking at a guy who sat down with Margaret Thatcher across the table and talked about serious issues.
I do not like broccoli. And I haven't liked it since I was a little kid and my mother made me eat it. And I'm President of the United States and I'm not going to eat any more broccoli.
Ageing's alright, better than the alternative, which is not being here.
The glory of being a carrier pilot has certainly worn off.
Poland should be strong and prosperous and independent and play its proper role as a great nation in the heart of Europe.
Never ask anyone over 70 how they feel. They'll tell you.
I will keep America moving forward, always forward, for a better America, for an endless enduring dream and a thousand Points of Light. This is my mission, and I will complete it.
You have to understand that people that are hurting are going to criticize.
Well, I think everybody is frustrated by the finances of the U.N. and the inability to solve problems of war and peace.
No, I'm not anguished and tormented.
Every loss of life is terrible.
History will point out some of the things I did wrong and some of the things I did right.
I don't write letters anymore.
It's much worse to read criticism about your son than yourself.
