American,President
Communism is a hateful thing, and a menace to peace and organized government.
Though the people support the government, the government should not support the people.
I would rather the man who presents something for my consideration subject me to a zephyr of truth and a gentle breeze of responsibility rather than blow me down with a curtain of hot wind.
He mocks the people who proposes that the government shall protect the rich and that they in turn will care for the laboring poor.
Sometimes I wake at night in the White House and rub my eyes and wonder if it is not all a dream.
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.
The United States is not a nation to which peace is a necessity.
The ship of democracy, which has weathered all storms, may sink through the mutiny of those on board.
Honor lies in honest toil.
It is better to be defeated standing for a high principle than to run by committing subterfuge.
Public officers are the servants and agents of the people, to execute the laws which the people have made.
I know there is a Supreme Being who rules the affairs of men and whose goodness and mercy have always followed the American people, and I know He will not turn from us now if we humbly and reverently seek His powerful aid.
Party honesty is party expediency.
A truly American sentiment recognizes the dignity of labor and the fact that honor lies in honest toil.
What is the use of being elected or re-elected, unless you stand for something?
Some day I will be better remembered.
I have tried so hard to do right.
Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours.
No man has ever yet been hanged for breaking the spirit of a law.
I have considered the pension list of the republic a roll of honor.
Your every voter, as surely as your chief magistrate, exercises a public trust.
Minds do not act together in public; they simply stick together; and when their private activities are resumed, they fly apart again.
Officeholders are the agents of the people, not their masters.
After an existence of nearly 20 years of almost innocuous desuetude, these laws are brought forth.
In the scheme of our national government, the presidency is preeminently the people's office.
