American,President
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy.
Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people.
Democracy... while it lasts is more bloody than either aristocracy or monarchy. Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There is never a democracy that did not commit suicide.
Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
Posterity! You will never know how much it cost the present generation to preserve your freedom! I hope you will make a good use of it.
Because power corrupts, society's demands for moral authority and character increase as the importance of the position increases.
Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society.
Power always thinks... that it is doing God's service when it is violating all his laws.
The Declaration of Independence I always considered as a theatrical show. Jefferson ran away with all the stage effect of that... and all the glory of it.
The happiness of society is the end of government.
Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.
All the perplexities, confusion and distress in America arise, not from defects in their Constitution or Confederation, not from want of honor or virtue, so much as from the downright ignorance of the nature of coin, credit and circulation.
Let us tenderly and kindly cherish, therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.
The right of a nation to kill a tyrant in case of necessity can no more be doubted than to hang a robber, or kill a flea.
I have accepted a seat in the House of Representatives, and thereby have consented to my own ruin, to your ruin, and to the ruin of our children. I give you this warning that you may prepare your mind for your fate.
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.
Fear is the foundation of most governments.
Property is surely a right of mankind as real as liberty.
In politics the middle way is none at all.
Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak.
A desire to be observed, considered, esteemed, praised, beloved, and admired by his fellows is one of the earliest as well as the keenest dispositions discovered in the heart of man.
The Hebrews have done more to civilize men than any other nation. If I were an atheist, and believed blind eternal fate, I should still believe that fate had ordained the Jews to be the most essential instrument for civilizing the nations.
The fundamental law of the militia is, that it be created, directed and commanded by the laws, and ever for the support of the laws.
I always consider the settlement of America with reverence and wonder, as the opening of a grand scene and design in providence, for the illumination of the ignorant and the emancipation of the slavish part of mankind all over the earth.
