American,President
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time.
I have learned that only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy. First, let her think she's having her own way. And second, let her have it.
Until justice is blind to color, until education is unaware of race, until opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men's skins, emancipation will be a proclamation but not a fact.
If future generations are to remember us more with gratitude than sorrow, we must achieve more than just the miracles of technology. We must also leave them a glimpse of the world as it was created, not just as it looked when we got through with it.
There are no problems we cannot solve together, and very few that we can solve by ourselves.
Every man has a right to a Saturday night bath.
The noblest search is the search for excellence.
A President's hardest task is not to do what is right, but to know what is right.
We live in a world that has narrowed into a neighborhood before it has broadened into a brotherhood.
Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam.
The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men.
Jerry Ford is so dumb he can't fart and chew gum at the same time.
The guns and the bombs, the rockets and the warships, are all symbols of human failure.
Whether we are New Dealer, Old Dealer, Liberty Leaguer or Red, whether we agree or not, we still have the right to think and speak how we feel.
You aren't learning anything when you're talking.
What convinces is conviction. Believe in the argument you're advancing. If you don't you're as good as dead. The other person will sense that something isn't there, and no chain of reasoning, no matter how logical or elegant or brilliant, will win your case for you.
The separation of church and state is a source of strength, but the conscience of our nation does not call for separation between men of state and faith in the Supreme Being.
If one morning I walked on top of the water across the Potomac River, the headline that afternoon would read: 'President Can't Swim.'
Doing what's right isn't the problem. It is knowing what's right.
I am concerned about the whole man. I am concerned about what the people, using their government as an instrument and a tool, can do toward building the whole man, which will mean a better society and a better world.
Poverty must not be a bar to learning and learning must offer an escape from poverty.
The presidency has made every man who occupied it, no matter how small, bigger than he was; and no matter how big, not big enough for its demands.
I am a freeman, an American, a United States Senator, and a Democrat, in that order.
I am making a collection of the things my opponents have found me to be and, when this election is over, I am going to open a museum and put them on display.
I once told Nixon that the Presidency is like being a jackass caught in a hail storm. You've got to just stand there and take it.
If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is doing the thinking.
When I was a boy we didn't wake up with Vietnam and have Cyprus for lunch and the Congo for dinner.
I seldom think of politics more than eighteen hours a day.
Every President wants to do right.
You do not examine legislation in the light of the benefits it will convey if properly administered, but in the light of the wrongs it would do and the harms it would cause if improperly administered.
This administration here and now declares unconditional war on poverty.
Freedom is not enough.
Greater love hath no man than to attend the Episcopal Church with his wife.
There are no favorites in my office. I treat them all with the same general inconsideration.
The fifth freedom is freedom from ignorance.
The fact that a man is a newspaper reporter is evidence of some flaw of character.
Only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy. One is to let her think she is having her own way, and the other is to let her have it.
Our society is illuminated by the spiritual insights of the Hebrew prophets. America and Israel have a common love of human freedom, and they have a common faith in a democratic way of life.
The last thing I wanted to do was to be a wartime President.
Presidents quickly realize that while a single act might destroy the world they live in, no one single decision can make life suddenly better or can turn history around for the good.
I report to you that our country is challenged at home and abroad: that it is our will that is being tried and not our strength; our sense of purpose and not our ability to achieve a better America.
We are not about to send American boys 9 or 10 thousand miles away from home to do what Asian boys ought to be doing for themselves.
I'd rather give my life than be afraid to give it.
They call upon us to supply American boys to do the job that Asian boys should do.
The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.
I don't believe I'll ever get credit for anything I do in foreign affairs, no matter how successful it is, because I didn't go to Harvard.
There are plenty of recommendations on how to get out of trouble cheaply and fast. Most of them come down to this: Deny your responsibility.
When things haven't gone well for you, call in a secretary or a staff man and chew him out. You will sleep better and they will appreciate the attention.
It is always a strain when people are being killed. I don't think anybody has held this job who hasn't felt personally responsible for those being killed.
I believe the destiny of your generation - and your nation - is a rendezvous with excellence.
It may be, it just may be, that life as we know it with its humanity is more unique than many have thought.
In our home there was always prayer - aloud, proud and unapologetic.
What we won when all of our people united must not be lost in suspicion and distrust and selfishness and politics. Accordingly, I shall not seek, and I will not accept, the nomination of my party for another term as president.
You've got to work things out in the cloakroom, and when you've got them worked out, you can debate a little before you vote.
No member of our generation who wasn't a Communist or a dropout in the thirties is worth a damn.
It is the genius of our Constitution that under its shelter of enduring institutions and rooted principles there is ample room for the rich fertility of American political invention.
The men who have guided the destiny of the United States have found the strength for their tasks by going to their knees. This private unity of public men and their God is an enduring source of reassurance for the people of America.
I'm the only president you've got.
The moon and other celestial bodies should be free for exploration and use by all countries. No country should be permitted to advance a claim of sovereignty.
While you're saving your face, you're losing your ass.
If the American people don't love me, their descendants will.
Whoever won't fight when the President calls him, deserves to be kicked back in his hole and kept there.
You might say that Lyndon Johnson is a cross between a Baptist preacher and a cowboy.
This is not Johnson's war. This is America's war. If I drop dead tomorrow, this war will still be with you.
Just like the Alamo, somebody damn well needed to go to their aid. Well, by God, I'm going to Viet Nam's aid!
The atomic bomb certainly is the most powerful of all weapons, but it is conclusively powerful and effective only in the hands of the nation which controls the sky.
