American,President
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives.
To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month.
I am a part of everything that I have read.
Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.
Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
To announce that there must be no criticism of the president... is morally treasonable to the American public.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
The most practical kind of politics is the politics of decency.
Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far.
Never throughout history has a man who lived a life of ease left a name worth remembering.
Obedience of the law is demanded; not asked as a favor.
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
No man is worth his salt who is not ready at all times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause.
When you play, play hard; when you work, don't play at all.
The human body has two ends on it: one to create with and one to sit on. Sometimes people get their ends reversed. When this happens they need a kick in the seat of the pants.
Behind the ostensible government sits enthroned an invisible government owing no allegiance and acknowledging no responsibility to the people.
There has never yet been a man in our history who led a life of ease whose name is worth remembering.
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
Wars are, of course, as a rule to be avoided; but they are far better than certain kinds of peace.
I think there is only one quality worse than hardness of heart and that is softness of head.
The American people abhor a vacuum.
The one thing I want to leave my children is an honorable name.
Order without liberty and liberty without order are equally destructive.
Don't hit at all if it is honorably possible to avoid hitting; but never hit soft.
Character, in the long run, is the decisive factor in the life of an individual and of nations alike.
Germany has reduced savagery to a science, and this great war for the victorious peace of justice must go on until the German cancer is cut clean out of the world body.
No great intellectual thing was ever done by great effort.
The reactionary is always willing to take a progressive attitude on any issue that is dead.
It is essential that there should be organization of labor. This is an era of organization. Capital organizes and therefore labor must organize.
No people is wholly civilized where a distinction is drawn between stealing an office and stealing a purse.
Probably the greatest harm done by vast wealth is the harm that we of moderate means do ourselves when we let the vices of envy and hatred enter deep into our own natures.
Freedom from effort in the present merely means that there has been effort stored up in the past.
Some men can live up to their loftiest ideals without ever going higher than a basement.
Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering.
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general; if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman; if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.
Leave it as it is. The ages have been at work on it and man can only mar it.
No man is justified in doing evil on the ground of expedience.
Every reform movement has a lunatic fringe.
For unflagging interest and enjoyment, a household of children, if things go reasonably well, certainly all other forms of success and achievement lose their importance by comparison.
The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly.
I wish to preach, not the doctrine of ignoble ease, but the doctrine of the strenuous life.
It is difficult to make our material condition better by the best law, but it is easy enough to ruin it by bad laws.
