American,President
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
There is no higher religion than human service. To work for the common good is the greatest creed.
The American Revolution was a beginning, not a consummation.
The ear of the leader must ring with the voices of the people.
The only use of an obstacle is to be overcome. All that an obstacle does with brave men is, not to frighten them, but to challenge them.
I would rather belong to a poor nation that was free than to a rich nation that had ceased to be in love with liberty.
The history of liberty is a history of resistance.
America is not anything if it consists of each of us. It is something only if it consists of all of us.
Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
Tell me what is right and I will fight for it.
The method of political science is the interpretation of life; its instrument is insight, a nice understanding of subtle, unformulated conditions.
The government, which was designed for the people, has got into the hands of the bosses and their employers, the special interests. An invisible empire has been set up above the forms of democracy.
If a dog will not come to you after having looked you in the face, you should go home and examine your conscience.
The world must be made safe for democracy. Its peace must be planted upon the tested foundations of political liberty.
You cannot, in human experience, rush into the light. You have to go through the twilight into the broadening day before the noon comes and the full sun is upon the landscape.
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.
Neutrality is a negative word. It does not express what America ought to feel. We are not trying to keep out of trouble; we are trying to preserve the foundations on which peace may be rebuilt.
Prosperity is necessarily the first theme of a political campaign.
My own ideals for the university are those of a genuine democracy and serious scholarship. These two, indeed, seem to go together.
In the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose.
The seed of revolution is repression.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
A conservative is someone who makes no changes and consults his grandmother when in doubt.
One cool judgment is worth a thousand hasty counsels. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat.
I would rather lose in a cause that will some day win, than win in a cause that will some day lose.
That a peasant may become king does not render the kingdom democratic.
So far as the colleges go, the sideshows are swallowing up the circus.
When I give a man an office, I watch him carefully to see whether he is swelling or growing.
He is not a true man of the world who knows only the present fashions of it.
I have come slowly into possession of such powers as I have. I receive the opinions of my day. I do not conceive them. But I receive them into a vivid mind.
Sometimes people call me an idealist. Well, that is the way I know I am an American. America is the only idealistic nation in the world.
My dream of politics all my life has been that it is the common business, that it is something we owe to each other to understand and discuss with absolute frankness.
Princeton is no longer a thing for Princeton men to please themselves with. Princeton is a thing with which Princeton men must satisfy the country.
What we seek is the reign of law, based upon the consent of the governed and sustained by the organized opinion of mankind.
The question of armaments, whether on land or sea, is the most immediately and intensely practical question connected with the future fortunes of nations and of mankind.
I am not sure that it is of the first importance that you should be happy. Many an unhappy man has been of deep service to himself and to the world.
Property as compared with humanity, as compared with the red blood in the American people, must take second place, not first place.
We have not given science too big a place in our education, but we have made a perilous mistake in giving it too great a preponderance in method in every other branch of study.
