Australian,Musician
Basically, the reason I'm vegan is because when I was about 16 or 17 years old, I began to understand that we don't need to contribute to the killing and exploitation of animals to feed our bodies correctly.
I am doing everything humanly possible to try and get well, but lately things have just kept getting worse.
So I went and visited a doctor and he diagnosed me with reactive arthritis.
I'm lucky the arthritis happened at the time that it did because of the record.
I never really paid attention to sales until the second record.
Though, since the first record, I've dramatically changed my expectations for our records.
I had to try and find a way to express happiness without sounding corny.
With our first two records we backed ourselves into a hole musically.
We were perceived as a post-grunge band.
The touring for this album was definitely going to be the most intense touring we've done.
We were really motivated to do something with this record overseas, even though I hate touring.
Touring doesn't kill me and I can handle it.
I know if I don't tour people will forget the record and you run a high risk of the record failing.
Kinda when I stopped eating was on our second album, just as it felt like everything was so out of control.
I have a theory because I was being beaten up a lot by people outside of school, it was almost like if I could make myself sick enough they'd take sympathy on me.
I think I definitely got scared by the second or third time a doctor told me I was dying.
I wrote... Neon Ballroom in that time where I hated music, really everything about it, I hated it.
There was three or four years of my life where I hated myself and you know, would have quite happily ended it.
It just makes everything more pleasurable when you've got someone that emotionally is there to rely on.
I have not really experienced any significant conflict with anyone in regard to my choice to be vegan, although going out to eat is hard sometimes.
I'm always active in trying to educate people when it comes to eating animal products, testing on animals, and the health benefits of being vegan, although I'm probably not the best person to be talking about the latter at the moment.
Reactive arthritis is something I've been dealing with for nearly a year.
I try to stay positive by focusing on how much I'll appreciate my health if I get better.
I have never had a social life, don't ever want one because it's boring. I'm just not very good with people, and you meet people every night who expect you to be this rock star with these developed social skills, which I don't have.
I am very scared of being outside my home for long periods of time.
I start sweating and shaking and having panic attacks if I am not at home.
