Australian,Actress
Anybody who has gone through a life-changing experience will tell you there is a different understanding of what is real and what is important, and when you are going through different moments, you can reflect and go, 'I have been through worse.'
When I do get the chance I just love to hang around at home with friends and family.
I always had long hair. When you lose it, you realise just how important it is to your identity.
I have weathered many different storms and I know who I am and my friends know who I really am.
I need to keep traveling, being a gypsy, having experiences and writing about them.
I like to go into a little shell and be a hermit and make music for a while.
I'm not worried any more about changing people's view of me.
Everything was going for me, I didn't even know the meaning of the word insecurity and suddenly I am surrounded by words like operation, cancer, chemotherapy, radiation.
What resonates with me now is the acoustic guitar and piano.
Well, Neighbours wanted to do a song on the show, and they asked me what songs I had. I told them I'd just written this song, called Born to Try, and I had just gone overseas and spoken to some people from Song about it.
I'd just recorded it in Mariah Carey's studio. THey thought the song was perfect for Nina, because she's so shy, so it was nice to have that connection with Nina in the song. It was special.
I think Taj and Nina were better friends, because they get along, they have a lot of fun and they laugh. But it seems that Nina and Jack really hit it off. Nina really fell in love with Jack. there's a lot of chemistry between them!
I felt I came back rather quickly from being ill and didn't give myself the time to reflect.
The second album was emotionally exhausting and my life felt like it had become very serious at a very young age.
I knew who I was as a girl but I had to find who I was as a woman.
Most people's journeys haven't been as disjointed as mine.
I don't have any expectations.
I'm just excited I get to sing all the time. There's nothing but open ears of people wanting to listen.
I've done a lot of collaboration over the years, but right now I'm enjoying writing by myself and just being me again for a while.
I'm enjoying writing songs that are more stripped back.
I can't be all things to everyone.
I'm thankful for my songs being at the top of the charts but I am human - I think people still have to remember that.
I'm still human - I can't not feel.
I have been singing for as long as I could talk.
I think it's important to have professional lessons or advice.
I started performing at school and drama classes when I was 7.
