Australian,Actor
I look my best when I take my helmet off after a long motorcycle ride. I have a glow and a bit of helmet hair.
When I was a kid, I would do stupid things on my bike. I'd jump any ramp, I'd jump over people, I'd jump over things - always crashing, never hurting myself badly but always wanting to take physical risks.
I would never say never to returning to comedy.
I love being at home, being with friends and family. I'm of European stock, brought up in Australia. I'm a passionate guy. I just love life.
Technically speaking, you can build anything out of sand; it doesn't mean you do it.
My chosen exercise is cycling. I just love it.
I'll give you a list of a hundred ways that I'm more likely to be injured than belting around a race track with people who know what they're doing. It's not a place where I feel I'm in unnecessary danger.
I wanted to be a mechanic. When I was 14 I wanted to quit school and go work on my car. But my dad said Son, you shouldn't do that. You should stay in school until your education is finished, and when you're done, don't make your hobby your job.
I'm very much a bit of a ghost presence.
I wasn't going to be a college kid. The only subject I was interested in was English. I think I had a subconscious interest in analyzing story.
Stand-up came out of three things. Frustration, necessity and arrogance. I didn't have a great career ahead of me in anything. Someone literally said to me, 'You should try stand-up,' and took me to a venue.
I've given no thought to moving to America at all.
I deliberately fly in and out of LA for as small a time as humanly possible.
I race historic muscle cars back in Australia, and that's my hobby. And I try to race home as soon as I've finished a movie but don't tell anyone.
I'd say I'm the opposite of someone that has the urge to stand in front of strangers and make them laugh, but the idea of getting up and telling a story and people finding it amusing always appealed to me.
I've never been someone that's had a five-year plan, or a three-year plan. That just seems to lead to a lot of disappointment, and doesn't give you the chance to be flexible.
The most serious film can be the most fun. The one that's supposed to be fun can be the most serious.
I didn't study Greek mythology in school and I wish I had.
I think there are times when you walk onto a set you can potentially be either intimidated or distracted by what's going on around you.
I never look at the size of the film when I'm looking for a part.
I think the beauty of working with young people is they remind you of the spirit of acting and it's just a big play.
When I go on the plane to fly home, I'm literally capable of forgetting what I do for a job. That also comes about because I choose to take massive breaks between projects, and because I choose to do this ridiculous thing of keeping home, home.
It's always bitterly disappointing to people to see how normally one can live.
You'll read things and say, this is a really good project and it's probably going to be a hit, but I can see 20 other people playing that part. You have to have some sense of ownership to do a good job and be married to it for ever.
I've always described parts as tattoos. For actors our tattoos are in the form of films.
I get inhabited by a character and then you mourn it. There's a period of mourning for me, definitely.
I always find that 90% of the performance, for me, is about what comes from inside.
If you're lucky enough to be involved in a film that's about something very real and that you hope will continue to hold up in 20 years' time it just gives you more energy and makes it feel all the more worthwhile.
I guess I'm a very keen observer, and I'd like to think I have a good imagination.
I'm always reading and looking around for the next thing.
I'm spending all my time and energy on the project at hand.
The darker the film, the more vital everyone's sense of humor is on set.
I am attracted to characters who think they are in control, but their situation is uncontrollable.
The movies people don't talk about or remember after six months' time don't really matter.
The more I love the character, the harder it is to get it wrong. I have to get to a point that I can speak for them.
Each time you go to the same track you know whether you're improving or whether you're not... it's not open to interpretation. It's measurable - unlike acting.
I think luck gets you on to the stage. But it has nothing to do with keeping you there.
When I shoot I'll take my family with me - one movie a year and then the rest of the time at home.
I hate being clean-shaven. My daughter gets very upset if I shave and says, 'Bring back the spikes, Dad.'
The Israeli accent wasn't one that I was overly familiar with so had to learn from scratch but I was very fortunate I had the right amount of time.
The only thing that may make me different from other people is I have passionate interests outside of work.
I occasionally go to the gym and I lift free weights, I don't use machines.
I used to lift very heavy weights in my mid-twenties - I used to bench press over 300lb. The most I ever lifted was 330lb; I couldn't do that today, no way.
