Australian,Activist
You're only young once, but you can be immature forever.
Women live lives of continual apology. They are born and raised to take the blame for other people's behavior. If they are treated without respect, they tell themselves that they have failed to earn respect. If their husbands do not fancy them, it is because they are unattractive.
Loneliness is never more cruel than when it is felt in close propinquity with someone who has ceased to communicate.
The essence of pleasure is spontaneity.
The house wife is an unpaid employee in her husband's house in return for the security of being a permanent employee.
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
Man is jealous because of his amour propre; woman is jealous because of her lack of it.
Until women themselves reject stigma and refuse to feel shame for the way others treat them, they have no hope of achieving full human stature.
Yet if a woman never lets herself go, how will she ever know how far she might have got? If she never takes off her high-heeled shoes, how will she ever know how far she could walk or how fast she could run?
Developing the muscles of the soul demands no competitive spirit, no killer instinct, although it may erect pain barriers that the spiritual athlete must crash through.
Freedom is fragile and must be protected. To sacrifice it, even as a temporary measure, is to betray it.
Guilt is one side of a nasty triangle; the other two are shame and stigma. This grim coalition combines to inculpate women themselves of the crimes committed against them.
I didn't fight to get women out from behind vacuum cleaners to get them onto the board of Hoover.
The compelled mother loves her child as the caged bird sings. The song does not justify the cage nor the love the enforcement.
Libraries are reservoirs of strength, grace and wit, reminders of order, calm and continuity, lakes of mental energy, neither warm nor cold, light nor dark.
Never advise anyone to go to war or to get married. Write down the advice of him who loves you, though you like it not at present. He that has no children brings them up well.
The management of fertility is one of the most important functions of adulthood.
Act quickly, think slowly.
I have always been principally interested in men for sex. I've always thought any sane woman would be a lover of women because loving men is such a mess. I have always wished I'd fall in love with a woman. Damn.
All societies on the verge of death are masculine. A society can survive with only one man; no society will survive a shortage of women.
Psychoanalysis is the confession without absolution.
We in the West do not refrain from childbirth because we are concerned about the population explosion or because we feel we cannot afford children, but because we do not like children.
The real theater of the sex war is the domestic hearth.
Women have very little idea of how much men hate them.
The surest guide to the correctness of the path that women take is joy in the struggle. Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
If a person loves only one other person, and is indifferent to his fellow men, his love is not love but a symbiotic attachment, or an enlarged egotism.
