Australian,Musician
I do quite naughty things now. I do like to be a bit sexy.
This is such a special summer holiday for me. I haven't known myself so relaxed in years.
I love to have a bath with beautiful, relaxing music on and have no rush to do anything. It's a wonderful indulgence, and it helps me to calm down and stop my mind running overtime.
I have had a holiday, and I'd like to take it up professionally.
I am really not looking further than my next trip. I'm enjoying being in the moment.
I'd definitely love to do more acting. My heart cries out for it; it's such a deep longing.
I'm just a natural flirt, but I don't see it in a sexual way. A lot of the time I'm like an overexcited puppy.
I'm a very proud Australian, always bragging about our country wherever I am in the world.
I'm sure that love exists, even infinite, eternal love.
You need a lot of luck to find people with whom you want to spend the rest of your life. Some people manage to find their soul mate. Others don't. I think love is like a lottery.
I've been accustomed to being famous and having a certain level of attention for 14 years, but in the last few months, it's changed. It's like on the arcade game, I've gone up to the next level.
I think I'm being friendly with someone and I'll sit in their lap. They think I'm flirting with them.
If you're part of a record company, you're a manufactured product. It doesn't mean that you're not talented.
There's no shortcut to learning a craft; you just have to put the years in.
Part of me is a sexual exhibitionist.
I walk into the studio and we're all so happy to see each other.
You know, songs often have a very coloured past. They might have something about them but it still doesn't work, so someone else adds a bit, and someone else adds a bit so perhaps one day I'll know its full history.
When you work in TV, it's such a group effort, it's not about you.
I wrote lyrics that were intensely personal to me a few years ago. Maybe people know me better now.
I get the lyrics of a tune and interpret them my way.
My gay audience has been with me from the beginning.
I do dance music, and I can be pretty camp myself from time to time.
I've had a lot of tragic hairdos and outfits.
Everyone knows how much Australia means to me. I try to get back here as much as I can, but normally it's for work, so I'm in and out and jetlagged and stressed.
The Sun in London ran a front page declaring my bum a national treasure. I really did laugh at that. Its not like it can actually do anything, except wiggle.
With one man, there was a freedom and liberation. That was with Michael Hutchence, my partner in life.
