Australian,Actor
I don't generally hang out with crazy people.
As the younger brother, I think you always have crushes on your older brother's girlfriends.
I love my brothers' kids. It's funny - as an uncle, you become so protective of them.
I love New York. It just reminds me of so many movies... I look up at buildings, and feel like Godzilla should be climbing up them or something.
Volleyball was the hardest thing I've ever had to do.
I feel like anything I'm doing in life, I try to stay myself and be as honest and true as I can be, you know, and be a nice person. I've always been taught to be kind to people and have an open mind about life.
One of my favorite movies is 'A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints.'
We all make mistakes, and it's not until we make mistakes that we learn.
How comedic are squirrels? We don't have squirrels in Australia. The first time I saw a squirrel was at a meeting at Disney.
I feel like it's the most boring thing, sitting on the treadmill or on a bike. It just explodes my mind!
I learn more with every job, and I'm very thankful for where I am.
We shot in a place called Asheville, which is like beautiful, beautiful forests. And then part of it we shot all the reaping stuff, which was just crazy - because the reaping in the book and in the script is such an emotional thing for everyone. It really did feel like that when we were shooting it.
I read a lot of Zen books. And I grew up surfing, so that has always been my escape.
If you put the work in, and you show that you're willing to work hard, you'll succeed.
I surfed competitively from age 13 to 18. Every day, before and after school. I wanted to surf for the rest of my life. It's what all my friends did - I even had it as a subject in school for a number of years.
Sushi is my favorite thing to do in L.A.
Tomorrow doesn't exist, yesterday is gone. The more I remind myself of that, the stronger I feel.
I like suits that are fitted. And I usually stick to grays, whites, and blacks.
We're showing a situation that these kids are caught in and being forced to do but the violence is not glorified. Most of the kids in there are not wanting to be doing it.
The people that live in these districts, they don't want to watch it. They don't want to see their children die or killing other people. The only people that it is entertainment to are the people in the capital that have been brainwashed and are misguided and living in a completely unrealistic kind of world.
My character's kind of grown up with Katniss. The beginning of the story, they're more or less brother and sister than anything. They're best friends. They've been keeping each other alive. It's a little frustrating, for the character. As the character, not as me.
If we get to shoot the third one, which I'm really hoping we do, the third one's great. There's a big uprising and rebellion, and my character Gale's a big part of that. If we get to shoot that, I'll be very, very pleased.
The fans that I have met so far have been nothing but supportive and extremely passionate about the books. I feel so honored to meet all these people. Something like this, which I think is bigger than anyone in the film, it's pretty crazy.
At this point, I'm happy to be part of something special. As an actor I liked to choose scripts that I'm passionate about.
We love making movies. We got into the business to make movies. At the end of the day, whether you're doing a low budget film or a big budget film, you want it to do well and you want people to see it. That's the whole point. You want to put some kind of message in it.
I go down to Newport and Huntington a lot. It's more crowded than where I grew up on Phillip Island, but I think it's helped me adjust to life in America - getting into the water as much as I can.
If I have one addiction in life, it's probably food.
I love going to the gym, sweating, running around, feeling like I'm having a heart attack.
It's 'The Hunger Games.' My character needs to look hungry. A little bit.
I love fried food.
When I'm boxing, if my career isn't going well, at least I feel mentally and physically strong.
I played a paraplegic on a show called 'Neighbours.' Just turned up on set, sat in a wheelchair. The producer came up to me one day and said, 'We have to cut around that entire scene because your leg was moving.'
I think when I started acting, the whole time I was working towards one day coming to America. Hollywood, in particular, is seen to be the center of this industry, and I was just waiting for the right time to come.
I love getting into physical shape for a film; it makes me feel more like what the character needs to be.
I'd love to do action-y types of films; you know, as long as they're good stories.
My favorite actors are Matt Damon and Leonardo DiCaprio and Will Smith - guys like that.
Most of the time, if I'm in a pickle, I'll call one of my brothers. They've usually got somewhat uplifting advice. One is six and a half years older and one is eight years older, so they've probably lived through whatever my problem is.
I like getting my feet massaged; I'll get whoever's closest to do it.
I studied cooking all through high school.
I'm a really fast runner. No one can catch me - I'm quick.
Harrison Ford comes on set, and he's very polite and says, 'Hello' to everyone. He cares about everything that's going on, on set. He cares about what's going on with your character and what's in the scene and what's on the desk.
John Malkovich is such an interesting person and such a fun actor to work with.
I read as many scripts as I can and just find stuff that I think is interesting, find stories that I think are worth telling.
I'm pretty outdoorsy!
I had four films one year that were supposed to happen and didn't.
I don't sing. I played guitar for a while. I'm not great, I'm not Lenny Kravitz by any means, but I do like to strum.
I just live my life.
If I was to get turned down by a girl, I'd just give up and say, 'Oh well.'
Personally, when I'm not working, I like to do as many things outside of the industry as I can - other things that make me happy. You kind of need to be grounded in something else besides just being an actor.
Growing up, I lived a moderate lifestyle with my family.
Acting is a tough business to break into.
The hamburgers in America are the best in the world.
Mel's Diner in L.A. - they are my favorite hamburgers. I could eat there every day. They are ridiculous.
Most of my friends surfed, so we would go before school, after school - literally, whenever we could.
I don't lift weights.
I love junk food.
All women think men look good in suits. To be honest, I like the way they look, too.
I used to wear my brothers' hand-me-downs, which were all too big on me.
I used to have an afro - like Will Ferrell in 'Semi-Pro.' It was bleached blond from the sun. I was tall and awkward. I was not cool.
