Australian,Actress
I think I appear very innocent and soft, but I'm actually very dark and edgy. It's a weird dichotomy.
When I was just a girl in Sydney, no one thought, 'Oh, she's going to be a movie star.' No one. I had to get by with actual skill and talent.
I think that women out there should just be happy with how they look, and they shouldn't really try to conform to any stereotype. Just be happy and, hopefully, healthy.
I love talking in an American accent. Even though it hurts my face after a few hours.
I'm more of the girl who's always in the friend zone, and I try to help if my other friend wants to get with someone. I can be a bit cheeky and say stuff that embarrasses my friends, but I'm normally the girl who guys like to be friends with, so I become friendly with the guy and then go, 'Oh, this is my other friend.'
When I was younger I did karate and martial arts, and I think it's really cool for girls to have those kinds of abilities.
I remember just sitting down one day and going, 'I should have friends.' And then I developed a sense of humour. By the end of high school, I would say I was the most popular girl.
Because of my filming commitments in America, you have to sign contracts where you can't change your physical appearance.
My family keeps me pretty grounded. Like if I try anything diva, they're like, 'Oh shut up. Go and do the dishwasher.'
Even when I'm playing someone named 'Fat Amy.' I'm all about confidence and attitude.
I like to have the stamina to work 16 hours a day. I may eat a lot, but I am very healthy.
I was sporty in high school. I played tennis and hockey, and was basketball captain. Then I went to university and stopped doing sport and started eating ice cream.
I studied law at university and was sort of grooming myself to go into that kind of career. I filmed 'The Wedge' while studying, which was very difficult, but I'm proud I completed my degree.
I think some of my darkness comes from my dad. There is definitely convict history on that side of the family, a lot of dodginess. But with the darkness can also come entrepreneurialism, genius traits.
I contracted malaria in rural Mozambique. I was a youth ambassador for Australia. For a year after high school, you give positive speeches about Australia and as part of it I traveled to lots of different countries.
I remember my first taste of American big movies was 'Ghost Rider.' I'm in two little scenes. But for those two little scenes they had 400 extras, upside-down stunt cars, and a fire brigade.
I do notice that when I come in to meet casting people, they love that I'm Australian. Maybe it's our good work ethic.
I went to a Christian high school, so I went under my middle name. I don't think they would have accepted me in the school - 'This is Rebel'... so I have two middle names, Melanie Elizabeth, and I went under those. But Rebel's way cooler.
Work hard to achieve integrity in your work and your relationships with the people you work with.
I love it when the director says, 'Rebel, just do whatever you want.' I'm, like, 'Yes!'
I try to be healthy. I train three days a week with a trainer. But I do like to eat, clearly. And I do eat dessert every day. If I cut that out, yes, I would lose weight.
The more I know about America, the better I'll be at performing American characters and American stories.
In comedy, it's not the glamorous, beautiful people that are great at comedy. They're either every man or every woman, they're either quite tall and lanky or shorter and fatter or have a big nose. They have something physically about them that makes them into a comic stereotype.
There are so many glamorous actresses, but you know what? In the real world, nobody looks like that.
When I came to America I thought, 'Wouldn't it be awesome to get into one movie?' And then I get cast in 'Bridesmaids' as my first job here and it's such a huge movie.
As a kid, I never thought I'd be an actress. Never, ever, ever, no way. I was really shy - bordering on social disorder shy - and I was really academic.
I had a great career in Australia, so it was a hard decision to move to America. But in 2010, I was asked to audition for the part Melissa McCarthy ended up playing in 'Bridesmaids.'
I'll often use my real stuff in my writing because it comes across as more authentic.
I'm always ripping clothing. It's so embarrassing.
People think you're really confident because you're an actress or whatever, but I'm, like, the worst. Although the good thing about being recognizable is that people approach me, which is good.
I do notice on Twitter that a lot of girls write to me, and they either say, 'I want to be your best friend,' or they say, 'I have a total girl crush on you.' I'm like, 'Awww.'
I was in an a cappella group in high school.
In 'A Few Best Men,' I play a lesbian character. I played the lesbian sister of the bride who ends up kissing a dude at the end, but she was, like, a full-on lesbian in that. And I beat out famous Australian lesbians for the role.
Sometimes my mum is very disapproving of my comedy.
I wasn't an extroverted kid. I was very academic and very introverted.
I think 'Bridesmaids' has changed things socially and culturally. Before, it was really difficult for women to do scatological humour without seeming gross.
In 'Night At The Museum 3,' with Ben Stiller, I was only given a couple of lines. If you are in guys' comedies, it's not like you are ever going to just get handed some jokes and a brilliant role.
I don't think I could ever go skinny. I just don't think, physiologically, that is going to happen. I do eat healthily for a week, and then I go, 'Nah, they have these beautiful ice-cream sandwiches.' I don't think my emotional eating is ever going to change.
I caught malaria, and the medicines caused a hallucination. I dreamt I won an Oscar for acting. I know it sounds stupid, but it was so real, and I just knew then it would happen.
I am the type of girl with zero fashion sense, but I am getting into it now. It's becoming important for me. I saw a lot of girls were beginning to notice what I wear, and I feel a kind of responsibility because there aren't any women in Hollywood my size and age.
You see other actresses who are like, 'Oh, I can't really eat much lunch today because I've got that scene in my underwear'... I'm a little bit chill. But you know, what you do need is stamina.
I don't ever want to be too unhealthy because writing in a show, starring and producing, you need a lot of energy.
All comedians have to use their physicality, so I use my size.
Get ready for 'Les Mis 2'... I'm playing 'Fat Cosette.'
At first I moved from Sydney to Melbourne, because most of the comedy was shot in Melbourne, and then from Melbourne to Los Angeles - and you have to sacrifice stuff.
I'm constantly moving and constantly travelling, and so it's really hard to maintain a relationship in that kind of environment.
I used to watch some of the reality shows about models, and then, weirdly, now I try to incorporate into my fashion shoots the skills I learnt from watching those shows. It's like, thanks Tyra, 'cause you've given me, like, all the cool tips. Like how to smile with your eyes.
Most people who know me know I'm not switched on all the time. I don't like to be like that in real life, because it's draining.
I never thought I'd be the type of girl who'd be doing, like, fashion shoots.
I have a lot of celebrity friends. But they're all Hollywood friends. You can't call them if you fall over and break your leg, but if you're having a BBQ and wanna chitchat, you hang out with them, or you go to their house.
