Australian,Author
An anniversary is a reminder as to why you love and married this person.
Life isn't always really glamorous and fabulous. It's about encouraging people to go back to natural beauty.
We live a happy life, and we don't take anything too seriously.
Lipstick is always in, whether it's matte, creamy, glossy, and so on.
I'm bad; I wear trainers with everything: with a dress, skirts, all of that.
I was writing blogs before work, then I was writing at work, and then I started writing books on the weekend because you just have that sort of energy in your 20s; it's wonderful.
You're allowed to work hard and have good things and do good things.
Black liner around the eye makes your eyes look smaller. I think you should reassess, if you're a really big black liner user, maybe even just doing the top line, not lower, or try a brown or a plum or even a navy.
The morning is always my best time of the day for writing because that's when my head is best.
Hamish and I rarely go to launches or parties any more but prefer to spend our time hanging out together.
I didn't even know what a beauty editor was. It sounds like a fictional job if you think about it. You get to test lipstick and perfume and nail polish legitimately and call it work.
Obviously there's a lot more to a TV show than just a book... I think adaptations are a bit tricky for the screenwriters because they're worried about upsetting the author.
I really like funny women. I'm drawn to women like Tina Fey and Amy Poehler and Kristen Wiig, Amy Schumer. They're writers, they're producers, they're actresses. They're brilliant, funny, excellent women.
It's important to show each other your marriage is a priority.
I had a free-range childhood. We lived in town but with a cow, chooks, bees, and multiple veggie gardens so we could live self-sufficiently.
I was the youngest and on my own a lot. I think this probably taught me independence and how to be okay with my own company. Also, it meant I read a lot.
Marriage isn't always cupcakes and Jesus juice, but it's important to show each other your marriage is a priority and that you still love them.
I think because Sport Lux has come in and leisure wear is a new thing, girls can sneak in hoodies and leggings and so on where they wouldn't normally - it has been proper legitimate fashion.
I guess the headline is that you mustn't tough it out assuming it's 'normal' to feel incredible pain when you're preggo or post-partum, or be afraid to try a new specialist or a new kind of specialist if you have pain that isn't getting any better.
I want anything I produce to be good for people kind enough to try it, but it's the momentum and process I enjoy most.
I wish I could do 50 projects a year.
I thought I'd have the baby, and get super fit and strong straight away.
I used to write fiction, non-fiction, fiction, non-fiction and have a clear pattern because I'd need a break from one style when going into the next book.
No one reads my books until they're finished because I don't want feedback. It confuses me, and it changes things; if I get too much feedback, I get thrown off my path.
When I first have an idea, I'll spit-ball it with my husband: he's my beautiful ideas sounding board. I usually have a year deadline from start to finish, so I'll piss about for three months and pretend to get started. Then there's four to six months of actual writing and, after that, submissions, edits, and eventually a finished product.
I've written everywhere - in hotel rooms, cafes, airports, and planes all around the world. Now I have a home office, and the wi-fi is really bad down there, which is great. If I make a date with myself to write from, say, 6 A.M. to 10 A.M. on a Saturday, the fact that no emails come in helps me focus.
