American,Astronaut
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand.
Research is creating new knowledge.
It suddenly struck me that that tiny pea, pretty and blue, was the Earth. I put up my thumb and shut one eye, and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth. I didn't feel like a giant. I felt very, very small.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.
Pilots take no special joy in walking. Pilots like flying.
I think we're going to the moon because it's in the nature of the human being to face challenges. It's by the nature of his deep inner soul... we're required to do these things just as salmon swim upstream.
Well, I think we tried very hard not to be overconfident, because when you get overconfident, that's when something snaps up and bites you.
I am, and ever will be, a white socks, pocket protector, nerdy engineer.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
Science has not yet mastered prophecy. We predict too much for the next year and yet far too little for the next 10.
I guess we all like to be recognized not for one piece of fireworks, but for the ledger of our daily work.
As a boy, because I was born and raised in Ohio, about 60 miles north of Dayton, the legends of the Wrights have been in my memories as long as I can remember.
Geologists have a saying - rocks remember.
The important achievement of Apollo was demonstrating that humanity is not forever chained to this planet and our visions go rather further than that and our opportunities are unlimited.
The Eagle has landed.
I was elated, ecstatic and extremely surprised that we were successful.
I put up my thumb and it blotted out the planet Earth.
In much of society, research means to investigate something you do not know or understand.
NASA has been one of the most successful public investments in motivating students to do well and achieve all they can achieve. It's sad that we are turning the programme in a direction where it will reduce the amount of motivation and stimulation it provides to young people.
Gliders, sail planes, they're wonderful flying machines. It's the closest you can come to being a bird.
I believe that every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine running around doing exercises.
It's a brilliant surface in that sunlight. The horizon seems quite close to you because the curvature is so much more pronounced than here on earth. It's an interesting place to be. I recommend it.
Yeah, I wasn't chosen to be first. I was just chosen to command that flight. Circumstance put me in that particular role. That wasn't planned by anyone.
We had hundreds of thousands of people all dedicated to doing the perfect job, and I think they did about as well as anyone could ever have expected.
People love conspiracy theories.
