American,Astronaut
Science is fun. Science is curiosity. We all have natural curiosity. Science is a process of investigating. It's posing questions and coming up with a method. It's delving in.
I think it's important for little girls growing up, and young women, to have one in every walk of life. So from that point of view, I'm proud to be a role model!
For whatever reason, I didn't succumb to the stereotype that science wasn't for girls. I got encouragement from my parents. I never ran into a teacher or a counselor who told me that science was for boys. A lot of my friends did.
All adventures, especially into new territory, are scary.
The stars don't look bigger, but they do look brighter.
Studying whether there's life on Mars or studying how the universe began, there's something magical about pushing back the frontiers of knowledge. That's something that is almost part of being human, and I'm certain that will continue.
Rocket science is tough, and rockets have a way of failing.
We can see cities during the day and at night, and we can watch rivers dump sediment into the ocean, and see hurricanes form.
For a long time, society put obstacles in the way of women who wanted to enter the sciences.
I slept just floating in the middle of the flight deck, the upper deck of the space shuttle.
When you're getting ready to launch into space, you're sitting on a big explosion waiting to happen.
The space shuttle is a better and safer rocket than it was before the Challenger accident.
But even in elementary school and junior high, I was very interested in space and in the space program.
I liked math - that was my favorite subject - and I was very interested in astronomy and in physical science.
So most astronauts are astronauts for a couple of years before they are assigned to a flight.
It's easy to sleep floating around - it's very comfortable. But you have to be careful that you don't float into somebody or something!
I've discovered that half the people would love to go into space and there's no need to explain it to them. The other half can't understand and I couldn't explain it to them. If someone doesn't know why, I can't explain it.
I had both male and female heroes.
Yes, I did feel a special responsibility to be the first American woman in space.
One thing I probably share with everyone else in the astronaut office is composure.
No, I think most astronauts recognize that the space shuttle program is very high-risk, and are prepared for accidents.
There are aspects of being the first woman in space that I'm not going to enjoy.
So most astronauts getting ready to lift off are excited and very anxious and worried about that explosion - because if something goes wrong in the first seconds of launch, there's not very much you can do.
Even though NASA tries to simulate launch, and we practice in simulators, it's not the same - it's not even close to the same.
After the Challenger accident, NASA put in a lot of time to improve the safety of the space shuttle to fix the things that had gone wrong.
I didn't really decide that I wanted to be an astronaut for sure until the end of college.
It's no secret that I've been reluctant to use my name for things.
I haven't written my memoirs or let the television movie be made about my life.
The fact that I was going to be the first American woman to go into space carried huge expectations along with it.
It's well known that many girls have a tendency to dumb down when they're in middle school.
You know, I go around the country a lot.
I think eventually private enterprise will be able to send people into orbit, but I suspect initially it's going to have to be with NASA's help.
My parents must have done a great job. Anytime I wanted to pursue something that they weren't familiar with, that was not part of their lifestyle, they let me go ahead and do it.
I did not come to NASA to make history.
The experience of being in space didn't change my perspective of myself or of the planet or of life. I had no spiritual experience.
I've spent my whole life not talking to people, and I don't see why I should start now.
I have a lot of common sense. I know what needs to be done and how to approach it. I have an ability to work with people on large enterprises.
When the space shuttle's engines cut off, and you're finally in space, in orbit, weightless... I remember unstrapping from my seat, floating over to the window, and that's when I got my first view of Earth. Just a spectacular view, and a chance to see our planet as a planet.
