Albanian,Saint
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Peace begins with a smile.
We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness. God is the friend of silence. See how nature - trees, flowers, grass- grows in silence; see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence... We need silence to be able to touch souls.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
We think sometimes that poverty is only being hungry, naked and homeless. The poverty of being unwanted, unloved and uncared for is the greatest poverty. We must start in our own homes to remedy this kind of poverty.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.
The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her own child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
I want you to be concerned about your next door neighbor. Do you know your next door neighbor?
Let us touch the dying, the poor, the lonely and the unwanted according to the graces we have received and let us not be ashamed or slow to do the humble work.
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
The biggest disease today is not leprosy or tuberculosis, but rather the feeling of being unwanted.
Many people mistake our work for our vocation. Our vocation is the love of Jesus.
If you want a love message to be heard, it has got to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.
