Spanish,Chef
The modernity of yesterday is the tradition of today, and the modernity of today will be tradition tomorrow.
I believe in tradition and innovation, authenticity and passion.
I'm always looking to the future and what will next be on the horizon.
I believe no chef becomes what he becomes without having many people influence him.
A lot of people prefer to be alone. They would rather be a palm tree on an island. I don't get it.
Chefs are at the end of a long chain of individuals who work hard to feed people. Farmers, beekeepers, bakers, scientists, fishermen, grocers, we are all part of that chain, all food people, all dedicated to feeding the world.
A cocktail can be made by the bartender. But the cocktail also can be made by the chef.
I love to talk about cooking and recipes, but I love as much talking about how food and cooking can change the world.
Everyone should wake up and have a fresh-squeezed orange every day. By having a fresh glass of orange juice with American oranges, you are supporting the local economy, you have all the vitamin C you need in a day, and you support the environment because you don't use any plastic from bottles or bags.
Puerto Rico is the perfect meeting place between Spain, the country I come from, and America, the country where I now belong. The meeting point of two worlds where magic can happen.
Simple ingredients, treated with respect... put them together and you will always have a great dish.
Cotton candy is the most amazing form of caramelization ever invented by man.
Look at our farmers' markets today, bursting with heritage breeds and heirloom varieties, foods that were once abundant when we were an agricultural nation, but that we have lost touch with. Bringing all these back helps us connect to our roots, our communities and helps us feed America the proper way.
Without a doubt, one of my favorite American ingredients is blue crabs, a true delicacy! And a great value, I think.
I mix mayonnaise, ketchup and brandy and a little bit of mustard. This is a heck of a good sauce for seafood.
Roberto Donna is a great Italian chef.
In Hong Kong, 'wonton' means swallowing a cloud.
I'm a different immigrant. My life is so lucky compared to so many.
Most people only use their griddles for pancakes, but you can sear vegetables like sliced zucchini or mushrooms, thinly sliced meats like chicken or pork, or thinly sliced fish or squid.
There is nothing better than picking up sun-warmed tomatoes and smelling them, feeling them and scrutinizing their shiny skins for imperfections, dreaming of ways to serve them.
Like many parents after a long family holiday, I usually welcome the moment when my kids head back to school.
As chefs, we work with organizations like Oxfam to enrich their projects with culinary tools, recipes and ideas.
People travel north from Barcelona, not south.
As immigrants, we understand better than most that to be an American is a privilege that conveys not just rights but responsibilities.
Don't put too many chefs to work. Sometimes they get too involved in the ingredients and are of no help.
The cheapest gadget - and you don't even have to spend a dime - is chopsticks from a Chinese restaurant. I use them for everything: to toss salads, to turn a piece of meat in the pan, to flip croquettes in the Fryolator, to whisk eggs for omelets, to stir eggs into fried rice when I make that for my daughters.
Dragon fruit is very subtle, very delicate. So you want to be careful not to kill it with things that have very strong flavor.
When the earthquake hit Haiti in 2010, I was on vacation in the Cayman Islands.
Let me tell you a story about when I was growing up in Spain. Many Sundays, we would invite 30, 40, 50 people to the countryside, and my father would make a big paella. He put me in charge of the fire and the 'stove' - the rocks that hold the pan. But he wouldn't let me cook. I got so unbelievably upset.
I don't understand how it's cheaper to buy a whole steak at the Price Club than spinach. How did that happen?
Our brain, our body, craves fat. We cannot help it. That's why a kid will eat a hot dog quicker than a piece of broccoli.
Women's cooking has always had a big influence on me personally.
I guess that from the moment we are fed by our mothers, without even knowing it, we are caught in a net that brings us comfort, something we always feel when a special woman cooks for us. It is something unique and personal - it is something we want to keep for ourselves.
Iberico de Bellota is best when cooked medium rare with a nice, pink center to allow the delicious acorn-infused flavor to come through.
In Spain, you can go into any tapas bar, and you'll see anchovies all over the menu.
Anchovies pair really well with fruit like a nectarines or clementine. The fruit complements the sweetness and saltiness of the anchovy.
I eventually settled in Washington, where my partners and I have been fortunate to build a restaurant business that now employs thousands of Americans across the country.
As legal residents, immigrants would contribute more in taxes, spend more at our businesses, start companies of their own and create more jobs. Immigration is not a problem for us to solve but an opportunity for America to seize.
The history of cooking is my passion, and cooking is my passion.
Old cookbooks connect you to your past and explain the history of the world.
We still have to keep betting on markets like America that are full of opportunities to grow, even if we have to work our heads off to do it.
I love America!
For me, there is no better tapa than a really good stuffed olive.
Listen to me: Leek is a vegetable. It can be the center of a dish.
Everyone else in the world still thinks of American food as ketchup.
It is time to embrace and celebrate ketchup, not be ashamed of it.
Good things, you can't rush into them.
One day, we'll have 10, 20 or 50 Jaleos around America or around the world.
I want e by Jose Andres to be a discovery, to be a journey. I want people to find it and be astonished.
Simple ingredients prepared in a simple way - that's the best way to take your everyday cooking to a higher level.
Pimenton gets its intense flavor because it is dried over wood smoke. You can try hot, sweet or bittersweet, though sweet is probably the most commonly used.
Anyone who knows me knows that I always like to keep moving.
I've been a cook all my life, but I am still learning to be a good chef. I'm always learning new techniques and improving beyond my own knowledge because there is always something new to learn and new horizons to discover.
My family and I cook at home almost every day together. The kitchen is the central and most important room in the house; it's a great way for us to connect. We love going to the farmer's market on Sundays as a family and choosing the ingredients together.
I don't believe in traditional company structures because the best ideas do not always come from the top.
Chef Michel Richard is always at the top of his game.
I was very impressed with the street food of Singapore. I was very impressed with the dishes that they did.
I remember being a young boy in Spain and watching my parents cook. We didn't go to a lot of restaurants because we didn't always have the money, so cooking at home was just what we did.
I started culinary school at a very young age, and really I wanted to be out working, cooking, more than I wanted to be in a classroom. You could say I wasn't a very good student - I wanted to be a student of life and experience.
Anyone who knows me knows that I have never been shy about how important Ferran Adria has been in my life; he is a friend, a mentor, an inspiration.
When I came to El Bulli, right away I knew I was becoming part of something incredible. It was like watching the Big Bang happening right in front of me.
The great-great-grandfather of my mother was probably using gelatins.
Steakhouses serve these big steaks. The first piece is hot, and the last piece is cold. The way I like to eat is to try three or four cuts of meat. People should actually be eating less meat, and the meat they eat should be special.
Let me ask you: Who do you prefer, a clown organizing your menu - with all due respect to Mr. McDonald - or a chef? I do believe it's a very simple answer.
Behind Chipotle is not a corporation; behind Chipotle is a man that is one of the great cooks, that created a great concept.
Standing around the grill is fine, but I like to have my friends come in and out of the house. Movement makes the party more exciting.
I prefer natural hardwood lump charcoal - the other stuff makes your food taste like Goodyear tires.
To feed a nation is never easy!
The right use of food can end hunger.
Tapas is a celebration of life.
I think when dishes have a certain amount of acidity, really they are very alive. And I love things that are alive.
Italians allow anything in their cooking.
I realized very early the power of food to evoke memory, to bring people together, to transport you to other places, and I wanted to be a part of that.
I have an amazing wife and three daughters that always keep me motivated.
I love going to Rodeo Drive with my wife.
In 2010, I created World Central Kitchen as a way to try and help find solutions to many of the food issues we face.
Eating has to be fun.
In this game of politics, it's always kind of blame.
America gave me the opportunity to open successful restaurants, start a TV show, and write books. I can even fill an auditorium when I give a speech, which in America is rare for a chef.
If what I have to do is share a sandwich to lift someone's spirits, put a smile on their face - the worst thing that happens is I go broke!
Today we take New England clam chowder as something traditional that makes our roots as American cooking very solid, with a lot of foundation. But the first person who decided to mix potatoes and clams and bacon and cream, in his own way 100 to 200 years ago, was a modernist.
People ask me in Europe, when they do interviews... they ask me, 'Well, how does it feel to be a cook in a country that doesn't know how to eat?' It always touches a nerve, because Europe and the world think that America is no more than bad hot dogs and bad burgers.
A plancha is just a hot flat surface. So if you think about it, anything is a plancha, like a saute pan or a griddle. A la plancha is the perfect way to cook for a crowd.
If you want to keep your side dishes warmer than room temperature, consider buying a small steam table for the home, with the Sterno cans underneath.
I always say that I don't believe I'm a chef. I try to be a storyteller.
Food is national security. Food is craft. Food is everything, when you think about it.
American cooking is one of the unknown cuisines in America.
With their bright color and fantastic balance of acidity and sweetness, tomatoes are a natural refresher and the perfect element for meals on warm and sultry days.
When you become an American, they give you an injection so your accent changes.
Recipes are overrated.
I don't think anybody can claim success at any part of our lives, private or professional, if there are others that don't enjoy the same opportunities.
I'm sorry for the ducks; I love foie gras.
Soy sauce and seaweed go really well with potato chips.
Everyting starts to happen at my home at 7 A. M., 7:20, when you hear the orange juicer. That means my daughters are already making the fresh Clementine juice.
I love Ozomatli, this L.A. band that makes great coffee. They are half American, half Mexican, their coffee's great, and they're very good friends.
When we are trying to come up with new health laws, you bring doctors, you bring experts in medicine. In urban planning, you bring the best architects. How it is possible that when we are talking about the way we are going to feed America, no chef shows up in the room?
To me, what I'm interested in, in the end, is the meaning of food in our lives.
Education is everything. It's for everyone. We all need to be educated.
Me, I'm an encyclopedia. I'm not a very smart guy, but I'm an encyclopedia. You can ask me about anything you want. Probably I have the book; probably I have a first edition.
If you ask me about Napoleon, I'll tell you about his relationship with sugar. And canning - thanks to Napoleon, we have canning.
All my life, I've had restaurants that were affordable.
Your parents would not be happy if you came home and said you wanted to grow up to be a chef or a rock star.
For food to be romantic, it should be light. Too many times people plan a romantic meal, and the food is too heavy.
I work with companies like Audiostiles to put together mixes for my restaurants. I even created a soundtrack for my television show.
My whole life, I have been trying to cook an egg in the right way.
For me, Romesco is one of the greatest sauces in the world.
I get very upset when people start adding weird things to romesco.
Romesco with asparagus is simple and brilliant.
Sometimes you need to give dishes a nap.
As a chef and as a father, I am very upset by what's on the menu at most schools: chicken nuggets and tater tots and ketchup and pizza.
The federal government spends about $2.51 per child per day to feed them lunch. Out of that, you have to pay for labor, facilities, and administrative costs, leaving about a dollar for food. Imagine trying to feed yourself a nutritious meal every day with only a dollar. Very difficult.
As a chef and father, it kills me that children are fed processed foods, fast food clones, foods loaded with preservatives and high-fructose corn syrup.
As chefs, we cook to please people, to nourish people.
I don't know any group of professionals that mobilize as fast and as often as chefs do when there are people who are in need.
Who needs one more chef in one more building with four walls and a kitchen?
I get bored of vacation.
Man, the flavor of a pineapple is 100 times more powerful than the flavor of meat.
The culture of modern Spain is something many people are still discovering.
I love cooking for the sake of understanding how people before me used to feed themselves, used to feed their families.
Even today with the public's growing interest in food and diet issues, politicians rarely include food as part of their political platforms.
The time has come to recognize that food, how we produce it, process it, package it, sell it, cook it and eat it, is as important as any other issue.
One thing that makes me very happy is to see the growing activism among chefs in America. Chefs like Tom Colicchio, Bill Telepan, and Rachel Ray and food writers like Michael Pollan have gone to Congress, indeed sometimes even have testified before Congress, have lent this support to Mrs. Obama's effort to combat childhood obesity.
Food and the way we grow it and produce it are a major cause of environmental degradation.
The Christmas market at the Barcelona Cathedral sells all kinds of things for your Nativity scene. It will also give you a good idea of Catalan culture.
I'm very happy with how Jaleo in Las Vegas came together.
I cannot wait to see the day that one day we will have a chef that will become the secretary of food of the United States of America.
