Spanish,Actress
I want to have roles in English.
People in Seville are very happy, the lifestyle here is very relaxed, you can walk everywhere; it's very easy.
Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. It's exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. There's a hardness to the culture, but at the same time there's a delicateness.
I am only an actress when they say, 'action' and I stop being an actress when they say, 'cut'. I am a normal person outside of acting.
I don't want to play only Latin women. I want to have roles in English.
I'm not the new Penelope Cruz. I'm Paz Vega. There's only one Penelope and she's marvellous.
Not understanding anything is terrible, because I communicate very much in my real life.
I felt, this is what I want to be in my life. I want to be an actress.
My family is very traditional, Catholic.
I never slept outside of my home.
My father was a bullfighter.
Bullfighters are Seville's heroes.
We are a very typical Spanish family - a bullfighter, an actress, a flamenco dancer and singer!
It's very difficult to decide. And I'm very open to proposals.
I loved working with kids because the energy is great.
America, I like the spirit. Because American people here believe in something. I like that spirit.
I think it is important to maintain your personality, your roots, very important.
In Europe people don't worry about the body.
For me, everything is cool.
A pregnancy is a marvelous moment that I would love to repeat and repeat.
Hollywood has treated me well.
I've brought the traditions from Spain to the United States: spending the afternoons with my husband and my son, enjoying the little things.
I cook croquetas, and I eat jamon. I keep my diet 100% Mediterranean and drink my Rioja. In that sense, I have a piece of Spain in West Hollywood.
I'm sure the movie industry is going up but I would love to see more Chinese films about contemporary Chinese about the problems of life on the street.
It's interesting to see these lives from places I may never go unfold on screen.
Personally I have always liked boys, but if it's a girl, marvelous, because I was raised among women.
