Spanish,Musician
We all have a destiny in accordance with the breadth of our shoulders. My shoulders are broad.
I then realized that I could never be satisfied again with the mere natural charm of my voice, that I had to constantly paint when singing, melting all the colors, expressing reds and blacks that had to be less primary but bursting with subtly colored combinations.
Should it happen tomorrow, I would fall to my knees to give thanks to God for such a career.
The atmosphere of the theater is my oxygen.
On the other hand, I have devoted so much energy to reach the top that I accept the stress of being there.
The high note is not the only thing.
It is strange, but nobody is shocked when pop singers make a fortune in the space of two years.
But enough joking. I am singing. This is all my life.
Every three days on average, I am alone on stage, facing the public.
To stay at my best, I have to stop talking during the preceding day.
This circus games aspect has existed since the beginning of my career.
I am never wrong when it comes to my possibilities.
Don't you think it astonishing that, at 58, I am still working at improving my career?
The voice collects and translates your bad physical health, your emotional worries, your personal troubles.
Singing becomes a form of therapy.
Honestly, if the public still wants to hear me in some works, I have to go down a half step.
In the last century, everybody was singing lower.
When working with an orchestra, you never spend more than 20 minutes per recording session.
When I was a young man, I was a baritone, very far from possessing the whole range of the tenor then.
With my personal preparation at the piano, I can afford to hum at half voice.
Between parts I was too old for and roles that were too overwhelming, out of reach then for my voice. I carved out a niche with the Wagnerian repertoire since I am attracted by its theatrical intensity.
The public made me and then encouraged me for many years, and my future even now depends upon it.
The public is a part of my real life.
But I won't deprive myself of singing opera as long as my voice follows.
I will prove that a great conducting career is expecting me.
When facing symphonic orchestras which have played some works five thousands times, you have nothing to do.
