Spanish,Athlete
I love the beach. I love the sea. All my life I live within - in front of the sea.
The glory is being happy. The glory is not winning here or winning there. The glory is enjoying practicing, enjoy every day, enjoying to work hard, trying to be a better player than before.
I like fishing. Not actual fishing - I like the peace and quiet of being at sea. It's different.
As a tennis player you can win and you can lose, and you have to be ready for both. I practised self-control as a kid. But as you get older they both - winning and losing - get easier.
I appreciate a lot in this life; the things you cannot buy. Life is only once. I am happy being here and all the things that are a risk I normally avoid.
I've stayed calm when I'm winning and I've stayed calm when I've lost. Tennis is a sport where we have a lot of tournaments every week, so you can't celebrate a lot when you have big victories, and you cannot get too down when you're losing, as in a few days you'll be in the next tournament and you'll have to be ready with that.
I always had the theory that the most important thing is be happy, enjoy what are you doing, and be fresh mentally.
If you don't lose, you cannot enjoy the victories. So I have to accept both things.
You fight, you try your best, but if you lose, you don't have to break five racquets and smash up the locker room. You can do those things, but when you've finished, nothing's changed. You've still lost. If something positive came from that, I probably would do it. But I see only negativity.
I learned during all my career to enjoy suffering.
It's important to have people around you with enough confidence to say if you are not acting in a good way. Normally, when you are at the top, people say everything is fantastic. Probably in that moment it is what you want to hear, but it's best to be reminded how to act properly.
I only ever run when there's some point to it - say, if it's in a game of tennis.
I always work with a goal - and the goal is to improve as a player and a person. That, finally, is the most important thing of all.
I think the tennis is only a game. You can lose. You can win. After that? In life, there are much more important things than tennis.
Even if I have already peaked, I have to believe I can improve. I wake up every morning, and go to practice, with the illusion that I'm going to get better that day.
My motivation is tomorrow, just one day at a time, right?
No one is perfect. Everybody does stupid things.
The thing, when you're down two sets to love, is to stay calm, even though it's hard, because people are freaking out, people are worried for you.
It's not the time to look for excuses.
I admire a lot of people, but in terms of sport I've always loved the mentality of Tiger Woods on a golf course. I always love his eyes when he's setting himself and focusing on his decision; he has a really strong, focused face and believes that he can make the shot.
I'm lucky enough to do what I like for work - not everyone's that fortunate.
My motivation and aspiration is the same, being number one or being number five. So that's the truth. And my goal is the same - it's to always be happy playing, it's to enjoy the game and improve always.
I appreciate a lot in this life; the things you cannot buy. Life is only once.
I am not the most courageous guy in the world outside of the court. Being alone in the dark is something I don't like.
Why would I want a place of my own? Then I would have to things worry about, like doing laundry and having food in the fridge.
I tried to find a solution to the problem that I had, tried to find a way to start playing better.
Tennis is a hard sport. There is a lot of competition all year and you play alone.
Every year I go to Broadway to see a musical - I like the music. I saw 'Mamma Mia;' I saw 'Les Miserables;' I saw 'Phantom of the Opera' like six, seven times.
I think when you compete every week, when you play under pressure daily, you find your rituals to be 100 percent focused on what you're doing.
In tennis, because of the way it's scored, I don't think that scoring one point out of luck is ever decisive in winning. But, of course, it depends on the moment.
I am not the most courageous guy in the world outside of the court.
I think I am a complete player. I can play well on all the surfaces. For me, the clay might be easiest, but I am not a specialist on clay.
My serve can get better, for sure. It's not just about serving bombs, but positioning, variation in speed, in spin.
I live where I would like to live. I live in Majorca, Spain, and I am not sure there are better places.
To be a friend means that they are always there, for the good or the bad.
Being home alone at night makes me a bit nervous. If I'm at home alone, I have to sleep on the sofa - I can't face going to bed. I'm there with the TV on and all the lights on. I'm not very brave about anything in life. In tennis, yes. In everything else, not very.
For me, it is important to win titles and for that I need to work hard, stay healthy and be able to compete. The rest, I always say, it comes.
My goal is to improve my game, stay healthy and be competitive. If I have that, I know I can be able to win tournaments, which in the end is what it counts.
I used to wear sleeveless T-shirts all the time on court, but now I've got a brand new look - I've moved on to polo shirts. Sleeveless T-shirts give you real freedom of movement and they keep you cooler in matches, but I just thought it was time for a change.
I still take advice from my mum on what clothes look good on me. I used to listen to her a lot more, but I've started to choose my own things from time to time.
The family is very important. They make me feel good always because if I won, when I started to be famous, the relationship never changed with my friends and family.
I am very lucky because when I come back home, I have a completely normal life. I can relax, playing golf, fishing - doing what I want. I know when I finish a tournament, I am going to relax at home.
I was shy when I was a kid, I was very shy, but now I think I've improved a lot. I can speak OK with the media and with the people. My English is still bad but I feel a little bit better now than before.
I have lived my whole life with high intensity.
In Majorca, I can be myself. I go to the supermarket and the cinema, and I am just Rafa. Everyone knows me, and it is no big deal. I can go all day - no photographs.
In my humble opinion, change is stupid.
Hard courts are very negative for the body. I know the sport is a business and creating these courts is easier than clay or grass, but I am 100 per cent sure it is wrong.
My parents' divorce made an important change in my life. It affected me. After that, when I can't play Wimbledon, it was tough. For one month I was outside the world.
I am lucky because my family are comfortably off. My father has his own glass business.
I have the same bedroom I've always had. It's clean and tidy when I get home, and after two or three days it gets messy and my mother nags me.
I have no interest in becoming a tax exile and living somewhere I don't want to - I just want to be at home with my family.
My tennis is aggressive, though I wouldn't say that it's more physical than technical. I rely more on technique than physique, but being physical is always a help to me.
I like a lot of sports. Especially football - it's my favourite sport. My uncle played football in Barcelona for nine years and played for Spain in three World Cups.
I normally listen to Spanish music - well, Latin music. I like a lot of singers.
I started to travel like this at the age of 15 so for me, it's normal. Some days you get tired and you feel, 'I want to stay at home a little bit more,' but it's only the moment.
If the plane moves, some turbulence, I am nervous flyer.
I'm only superstitious on the tennis court.
I'm always searching for new music, and I change what I listen to on a regular basis.
I have been learning English on the road since I started when I was 15, so it is a slow process but making some progress. Now I think I am much more comfortable with my English. However, it is difficult, still, when I speak about something that is not tennis.
