Filipino,Politician
I had a simple goal in life: to be true to my parents and our country as an honorable son, a caring brother, and a good citizen.
Strategic partnership is based on a shared set of values.
The Philippines is strategically located and blessed with the greatest resource: its people, who are hard-working, very loyal, and very adaptive.
The Philippines has vast minerals that are still untapped. It has one of the world's largest deposits of gold, nickel, copper and chromite. Through responsible mining, we intend to generate more revenues from the extraction of these resources.
Typhoon Haiyan showed the entire world how vulnerable the Philippines as well as other developing countries are to natural disasters.
Both President Obama and I shared the conviction that territorial and maritime disputes in the Asia Pacific region should be settled peacefully based on international law. We affirm that arbitration is an open, friendly and peaceful approach to seeking a just and durable solution.
Anytime emotions are involved, you cannot come up with an impartial and objective assessment of any given problem.
Pictorial is something that I am not used to. You have to pose, smile, bend your arm, straighten up, look to the left.
Tourism is a crucial industry that could employ millions of Filipinos, skilled and unskilled alike, cross those 7,107 islands of the Philippines. From the current projection of 3.3 million tourist arrivals in 2010, our aim is to eventually attract 6 million tourists. In the process, we expect to create 3 million jobs in the next six years.
I will not only not steal, but I will run after thieves.
China itself has said repeatedly that they will and have been conforming to international law.
With proper governance, life will improve for all.
I was put into office by the people who believed in my idea that corruption is the root of poverty; that an end to corruption would mean an end to poverty.
I remove a lot of the pressure from myself by saying I'm not competing with my parents. They are the persons who taught me my ideology. They actively practiced what they preached. They're the exemplars and the role models. So how does one compete with a mentor?
The United States is a key ally, a strategic partner, and a reliable friend of the Philippines.
The Philippines is for the Philippines. We can defend ourselves.
If we say yes to something we believe is wrong now, what guarantee is there that the wrong will not be further exacerbated down the line?
The people want to go back to the time when democracy was in full bloom.
The message has to be sent that if you commit a crime there has to be punishment.
I want to make democracy work not only for the rich and the well connected but for everyone.
Peace in the Middle East is of prime importance to the Philippines, due to the presence of around 2 million of our countrymen working in that region.
When I was a congressman, I had occasion to talk to this group of students who were taking their seat. There were about 80 of them and I asked them, 'How many of you will be serving in the country once you graduate?' And, out of the 80, there were two that raised their hands. The rest were thinking of leaving.
I'm not concentrated or concerned with any other factors rather than just being able to do the best job that I can.
When my father was assassinated, I decided that I would not compete with his memory, but the priority would be to achieve his dream.
The Philippines-U.S. Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement takes our security cooperation to a higher level of engagement, reaffirms our country's commitment to mutual defense and security, and promotes regional peace and stability.
President Obama and I recognize the importance of strong economic engagement for the continued growth of both the Philippines and the United States.
I can try to convince somebody else of my beliefs, but I should not be imposing.
I have never stolen. I am not a thief.
The most powerful person can wind up in jail.
I try to put myself in others' shoes: How does any country give up any sovereignty and expect to survive as a government? I don't think that any Philippine president, or any leader for that matter, can afford to give up any portion of territorial sovereignty. That would be political suicide.
I've talked to so many people, so many institutions, about how China works.
There is a theory that China will tend to push, and if you bend, they will push some more.
I didn't have any ambition to be president. It was fate. The people found me.
If my father Ninoy Aquino were alive today, he would say that he is not superman or superboy. In effect, heroes are really just ordinary people caught up in extraordinary times and respond properly.
My obsession is to provide food and jobs to people in Tarlac. The province is primarily an agricultural province; food security tops the priority.
In politics, you must learn to say 'no' without offending people. That is an art that one must master: to satisfy a person even when you have to say 'no' to him.
I'm not a coffee person.
I have to study, study, and study because I have to learn everything. Everyone expects me to be an expert on everything.
