American,Producer
You try to do the best with what you've got and ignore everything else. That's why horses get blinders in horse racing: You look at the horse next to you, and you lose a step.
Every artist and every song has an idea, and the producer's job is to capture it.
You go into any recording studio in the world, and you see candles, lights, and that Apple light from a Mac.
The lousy guitar player in any band is the bass player.
You're only as good as your weakest link in the ecosystem of sound, of audio.
I didn't feel comfortable as an executive. I felt comfortable around artists and record producers... and then I found my niche: I gotta find great producers, and I produce them.
It's time you stop thinking that because you did something, it's... amazing. All you've got to do is say, 'OK. If I'm great, what do they call Steve Jobs?'
I consider the recording studio where I was born.
The world is evolving.
Ground zero for me is audio.
Beats succeeded because, as music lovers, we knew oscilloscopes don't buy headphones - people do.
Everyone's frightened. It's how you deal with that fear. It's very, very powerful. And what you've got to do is get it as a tailwind instead of a headwind. And that's a little bit of a judo trick in your mind. And once you learn that, fear starts to excite you. Because you know that you are going to enter into something and try it and risk.
You should try and fail and not be afraid. Get up again.
What we feel, especially in the streaming area, especially in the services area, is that you need curation.
Elvis Presley was the big bang. He was the most influential single figure in the history of American pop culture. He changed the way we looked, thought, dressed, held a guitar. He didn't invent rock & roll, but he defined it in a way that everyone who followed him owes him a debt.
It's hard to say if something is worth the wait, because how the hell do any of us know?
I didn't have any sophistication. I didn't really have any great taste or anything like that. I was just a kid from Brooklyn. But what I learnt is the why, the how. The work ethic.
I am blessed with the energy of a chimpanzee. There is nothing I can't get up for and give it a hundred percent.
Life is a balance of fear and overcoming it.
When I feel fear, I train myself to move forward.
If you're great, that means you're freaked out that the next day you're not going to be great. You keep trying.
People need service - great service where music is concerned.
If you are not frightened, you are not original.
I learned how to do absolutely nothing - I didn't learn one thing in high school. If I had to get a job at the A&P, they had to teach me how to sweep.
I'm happy with studio infiltration, but I'm thrilled when I see 12- to 20-year olds walking down the street with Beats and not two-dollar earbuds.
Dylan captured what was on a million minds and turned it into poetry. With 'Blowin' in the Wind' or 'The Times They Are A-Changin',' he set a whole new standard.
Apple Music is trying to create an entire pop culture experience that includes audio and video. If South Park walks into my office, I'm not going to say, 'You're not musicians.' We're going to do whatever hits pop culture smack on the nose.
The sound of my voice is more famous than me.
No one repeats a word I say without imitating my voice; it drives me out of my... mind.
My proudest thing in my career is that I was able to change it three times. And I'm happy about that. I couldn't have done the same thing my whole life; I would've gone nuts. I couldn't do it, because I do things based on impulsive excitement, and I'm just not that guy that can do something for 50 years and be excited about the same thing.
I'm good at snap decisions. But if you let me, I will chew something to death.
I make my world chaotic. It's like a whirlpool.
I learned everything about business and about music and stuff from being a second engineer.
We at Interscope put projects out with anyone we believe has a great idea and is a true talent, whether it's a musician, photographer, software developer, or technology innovator.
Interscope Records has always been a heat-seeking missile when it comes to shifts in popular culture, whether inciting them or reacting to them swiftly.
The whole thing about playlists is what song comes next.
We created Apple Music to make finding the right music easier for everyone - men and women, young and old.
I love doing third albums. A group makes its first album, and then the record company rushes them into the studio to make their second album. After that, they go, 'Whoa, wait a second.' They get a little more confident. They step back and say, 'Okay, now we're gonna do it.'
Apple Music is about getting things early and pushing them out.
Apple Music is a big idea, and it's going to take some time to fulfill its overall dream.
Every system I have in my house or my car, they're all tuned exactly the same.
That's how I grew up - it wasn't cool to not have a good system.
My life changed because Bruce Springsteen got on a mic in front of me.
I always say, 'I love chocolate, but I'm not Willy Wonka.'
I'm really interested in the record industry and the artists and the problems they're having.
Most technology companies are culturally inept. They're never going to get curation right.
There's a sea of music out there, but there's no curation for it.
I always try to go where the excitement is, where the best music is. I don't care what kind of music it is. I go with the best artist we can find.
I don't know why records are treated different than books. I don't know why an Eminem record is different than a Stephen King movie.
There's just no way to stop a movement in popular culture. It's going to happen, with or without you. There's absolutely no way to stop that train.
There are thousands of Eminems. Just listen to a song. There are thousands of them. It's just that he had the talent. It's like someone with a talent to hit a baseball. He had the talent to write lyrics.
I always wanted to be where the cool was because I didn't think I was cool. But music was cool.
I was very insecure. I figured the only thing I can do is just work harder than everybody else and be useful. So I would anticipate when a client would need a cup of tea. I would anticipate when they wanted to rewind the tape. I would anticipate when they were going to do a vocal.
Digital sound is damaging music; it's damaging the artists. It's so degrading.
Labels need to work with artists to help them achieve their best work, not to jam records out that are half-baked or three-quarters baked.
Bob Dylan enabled rock & roll to grow up and survive. He injected the power of language and ideas into the music.
Bruce Springsteen gave people faith in rock & roll and in themselves again.
Interscope is run more like a rock band than a record company. It's run in a very spontaneous, heartfelt way.
The good news is in the record business, they only count your successes.
Those folks at Death Row were the Rolling Stones of their time.
Nobody wanted to be in business with Death Row because, unfortunately, they felt there was an element there that could be dangerous. But I just knew they had great music and that they were a bunch of guys who wanted to make it out of the ghetto. That's something I can understand.
I'm most proud that I thought of Beats at 55.
I can't learn in school, but I can learn from somebody who I think is cool and great.
I have a gift: I'm very lucky to be able to spot when a person is special.
I knew in my heart that I wasn't cool, but I figured I could at least be cool by association.
The great artists of music have always innovated and boldly changed the game, but the industry itself has not.
Too often, the music business allowed third-party companies to innovate for us - and that simply does not work anymore.
Apple was selling $400 iPods with $1 earbuds. They're making a beautiful white object with all the music in the world in it... I'm going to make a beautiful black object that will play it back.
I follow cool. When I went up to see Steve Jobs, I said, 'The party's at this guy's house.'
Everything Dre and I do is completely on feel. We don't prepare for anything... we only work on instinct.
I'm interested in listening to the people who walk in the door. If your ego and your accomplishments stop you from listening, then they've taught you nothing.
Just because you did something once doesn't mean anything. You have to be willing in your heart to begin again every day. The minute I'm not willing to do that, I will retire.
Genres are just names.
Algorithms are great, but they're very limited in what they can do as far as playing songs and playing a mood.
Just because you go to Burning Man doesn't make you Hunter Thompson.
The media people need to have real tech people, and the tech people need media people. Otherwise, you have the 'Star Wars' bar on Tatooine with everyone fighting.
Record companies are not unique. Artists are. Period!
I wanted a label that reflects the times... a center for artists who want to express themselves. That's what makes Interscope unique. It's about freedom.
I couldn't do a show; I have about as much talent to do television as, you know... it's not what I do. I wouldn't know where to begin.
I'm not a pioneer of hip-hop; I just saw it and said, 'This thing is incredible, and these people are incredible. They should be exposed all over the world.'
Curation is everything.
When there's something I need to focus on, I'm like a dog with a bone.
The fact is that 'free' in music streaming is so technically good and ubiquitous that it's stunting the growth of paid streaming.
I always knew that women, some women, at times find it very difficult to find music.
Girls are sitting around talking about boys, right? Or complaining about boys, when they have their heart broken or whatever, and they need music for that, right? And they need music for that. So it's hard to find the right music. Not everyone has the right list or knows a DJ.
When I was a label head, I didn't think I was greedy. I've always run my own race.
To get people to pay for something that you built, it has to be of service. It has to make somebody's life better.
Having a hit is nice, having some success, but when you move popular culture, that's a high.
I feel the pressure of getting something right.
We're trying to make the music service a cultural point of reference, and that's why we're making video. We're making video for our Apple Music customers and our future customers.
Over four or five years, I did six albums with three people: John Lennon, Bruce Springsteen, and Patti Smith. I felt that if I could care as much about their music as they did, I could be useful to them. I really cared about their music and their lives.
You have to think, 'What can I do to help my team develop, grow, and become better performers?' rather than, 'What's in it for me?'
When we did Beats, we had to begin again. Nobody at Best Buy knew who we were.
If I were going to teach a course, it would be called Don't Breathe Your Own Exhaust.
When you're making music, you don't look at what's going on in the studio next to you.
I'm not going to be the guy who sold the last CD.
Those athletes are not going to wear my headphones because I asked them.
I really think that education is ground zero for fixing anything.
It was frustrating that young people, through no fault of their own, were listening to terrible $2 ear buds. You can't get good sound out of those.
Seeing young people caring about sound again and realizing that it's not cool to not have good sound, that means a lot.
I don't look at Spotify or Rdio or any of these guys as a direct competitor: I look at other forms of entertainment as the competitor.
There was a time when, for anybody between the ages of 15 and 25, music was one, two and three.
We have a problem in the industry, I believe. This whole 'free' issue. The television industry doesn't have it, the movie industry doesn't have it, but the record industry has it.
If you're an artist, and you put out a record - most artists only have one or two hit records - that has 100 million streams, on certain services you only get paid on 75% of those streams. How's an artist going to live like that?
I just kept making social mistakes in my career.
I said if a woman sings an aggressive guy's lyric, it can't miss.
What's happened to the music industry, from my perspective, is a lot of great music is behind the wall that can't get through, and therefore, a lot of artists are getting discouraged.
What I saw in the record industry is it's just getting more restricted, more restricted, more restricted to where everyone's trying to figure out what kind of song to make to get on the radio: that's researched and where advertisers are telling you what to play.
You have gigantic companies feeding off musicians and artists because the artists need the exposure.
You shouldn't take a customer who's buying an album, who's happy buying an album, and try to tell them that what they're doing is wrong.
I've always known in my heart that Beats belonged with Apple.
I never say someone is powerful.
I know what labels and artists need, along with the consumer.
Diversifying, to me, is the product of having an idea and knowing to say, 'Let's do it.'
I like 'The Voice.'
Tupac was a glorious person, and he had all the right intentions.
I enjoy Tupac's music. I enjoy Tupac.
The record industry needs a company like HTC to bring music to the phone.
'Magic' is a word that's too often misused in the record industry.
We want PC makers to have better audio because these things are used as home stereos by a lot of people, and that makes it suck.
You can't just stick someone's name on a headphone that doesn't know anything about sound.
It's one thing for the industry to lose half its revenue to piracy; it's another to destroy it emotionally.
To go on the road and listen to people sing a cappella - thousands of them - I couldn't do that.
