English,Philosopher
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Marriage: a ceremony in which rings are put on the finger of the lady and through the nose of the gentleman.
How often misused words generate misleading thoughts.
Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations.
The wise man must remember that while he is a descendant of the past, he is a parent of the future.
What a cage is to the wild beast, law is to the selfish man.
No one can be perfectly free till all are free; no one can be perfectly moral till all are moral; no one can be perfectly happy till all are happy.
Society exists for the benefit of its members, not the members for the benefit of society.
Our lives are universally shortened by our ignorance.
The Republican form of government is the highest form of government: but because of this it requires the highest type of human nature, a type nowhere at present existing.
Music must take rank as the highest of the fine arts - as the one which, more than any other, ministers to the human spirit.
Government is essentially immoral.
Civilization is a progress from an indefinite, incoherent homogeneity toward a definite, coherent heterogeneity.
All socialism involves slavery.
Opinion is ultimately determined by the feelings, and not by the intellect.
In science the important thing is to modify and change one's ideas as science advances.
Those who have never entered upon scientific pursuits know not a tithe of the poetry by which they are surrounded.
People are beginning to see that the first requisite to success in life is to be a good animal.
The fact disclosed by a survey of the past that majorities have been wrong must not blind us to the complementary fact that majorities have usually not been entirely wrong.
When a man's knowledge is not in order, the more of it he has the greater will be his confusion.
We all decry prejudice, yet are all prejudiced.
The ultimate result of shielding men from the effects of folly, is to fill the world with fools.
The preservation of health is a duty. Few seem conscious that there is such a thing as physical morality.
The more specific idea of Evolution now reached is - a change from an indefinite, incoherent homogeneity to a definite, coherent heterogeneity, accompanying the dissipation of motion and integration of matter.
Objects we ardently pursue bring little happiness when gained; most of our pleasures come from unexpected sources.
An argument fatal to the communist theory, is suggested by the fact, that a desire for property is one of the elements of our nature.
