Spanish,Philosopher
An 'unemployed' existence is a worse negation of life than death itself.
The good is, like nature, an immense landscape in which man advances through centuries of exploration.
Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.
We do not live to think, but, on the contrary, we think in order that we may succeed in surviving.
Tell me to what you pay attention and I will tell you who you are.
Abasement, degradation is simply the manner of life of the man who has refused to be what it is his duty to be.
The difficulties which I meet with in order to realize my existence are precisely what awaken and mobilize my activities, my capacities.
Under the species of Syndicalism and Fascism there appears for the first time in Europe a type of man who does not want to give reasons or to be right, but simply shows himself resolved to impose his opinions.
I am I plus my circumstances.
Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do.
For the person for whom small things do not exist, the great is not great.
We live at a time when man believes himself fabulously capable of creation, but he does not know what to create.
Life is an operation which is done in a forward direction. One lives toward the future, because to live consists inexorably in doing, in each individual life making itself.
Better beware of notions like genius and inspiration; they are a sort of magic wand and should be used sparingly by anybody who wants to see things clearly.
We have need of history in its entirety, not to fall back into it, but to see if we can escape from it.
Biography - a system in which the contradictions of a human life are unified.
Being an artist means ceasing to take seriously that very serious person we are when we are not an artist.
Love is that splendid triggering of human vitality the supreme activity which nature affords anyone for going out of himself toward someone else.
Rancor is an outpouring of a feeling of inferiority.
Poetry is adolescence fermented, and thus preserved.
We distinguish the excellent man from the common man by saying that the former is the one who makes great demands on himself, and the latter who makes no demands on himself.
In order to master the unruly torrent of life the learned man meditates, the poet quivers, and the political hero erects the fortress of his will.
The characteristic of the hour is that the commonplace mind, knowing itself to be commonplace, has the assurance to proclaim the rights of the commonplace and to impose them wherever it will.
Hatred is a feeling which leads to the extinction of values.
Living is a constant process of deciding what we are going to do.
The metaphor is perhaps one of man's most fruitful potentialities. Its efficacy verges on magic, and it seems a tool for creation which God forgot inside one of His creatures when He made him.
