Indian,Philosopher
Smile, smile, smile at your mind as often as possible. Your smiling will considerably reduce your mind's tearing tension.
Listen to the inner light; it will guide you. Listen to inner peace; it will feed you. Listen to inner love; it will transform you, it will divinise you, it will immortalise you.
The word 'yoga' means skill - skill to live your life, to manage your mind, to deal with your emotions, to be with people, to be in love and not let that love turn into hatred.
Ours is a divine journey; therefore, this journey has neither a beginning nor an end... This journey has a goal, but it does not stop at any goal, for it has come to realise that today's goal is only the starting point of tomorrow's journey.
There comes a time in the seeker's life when he discovers that he is at once the lover and the beloved.
Impossibility is a dictionary word.
If you depend on God's grace there is no such thing as impossible.
If the inner world is inundated with peace, then the nightmare of world war cannot even come into being.
Your heart will be shattered by sorrow if you force it to live in tomorrow's ephemeral imagination - world instead of in today's eternal reality - now.
All around us is the cosmic game, the cosmic play. The universe is full of joy, inner and outer. When realisation takes place, we have to feel the necessity of manifesting this constant delight in our heart. The delight glows, but does not burn. It has tremendous intensity, but it is all softness and absolutely sweet-flowing nectar.
My service to humanity is my real opportunity to prove my genuine love for God and God alone.
Complete and total perfection will come about only when we feel that our perfection is no perfections as long as the rest of humanity remains imperfect.
When you drive, you are doing several things at once. You are using your eyes, ears, hands, your mind. If you have meditated for many years and have reached a lofty height in your meditation, as I have, you can meditate while running and cycling and painting.
Whether you accept or reject it, God's Love for you is permanent.
A sincere seeker knows what his goal is: the highest Truth. He will not delay his journey. In spiritual life, we aspire for the highest Truth, for God, nothing else.
Be universal in your love. You will see the universe to be the picture of your own being.
If we call ourselves children of God, then others are also children of God.
Love is the only wealth that man absolutely needs. Love is the only wealth that God precisely is.
You hate someone whom you really wish to love, but whom you cannot love. Perhaps he himself prevents you. That is a disguised form of love.
You can only hate someone whom you have the capacity to love, because if you are really indifferent, you cannot even get up the enough energy to hate him.
He who loves, never grows old. God it a shining example.
By hating that person, you have lost something very sweet in yourself.
Do not try to approach God with your thinking mind. It may only stimulate your intellectual ideas, activities, and beliefs. Try to approach God with your crying heart. It will awaken your soulful, spiritual consciousness.
If we know the divine art of concentration, if we know the divine art of meditation, if we know the divine art of contemplation, easily and consciously we can unite the inner world and the outer world.
I'm not a weight lifter. I'm a seeker. Weight lifting is so insignificant in my life.
Even now when I am answering a question I am at the height of my own meditation.
