American,Entertainer
If you want to have a good life, you should focus on your family, on your business, on your dog, on your fun, and you'll have a good life.
My first car was a motorcycle.
Well, guys are better at mechanical stuff and women are better at emotional stuff.
When you have kids, you instantly feel that you do not want to do them wrong. Those dads that go off to Florida and start a new life, I couldn't imagine that: seeing my kid once every Christmas, every three years. If I'm gone for six days it feels like too much.
I want to work for myself, and I do work for myself. I make plenty of money working for myself.
I'm not sexist, I'm just a realist.
It's funny when you're a kid how you can acclimate to almost anything.
There are certain things women are better at than men.
If you've driven over to the gay section of Los Angeles, it's like a golf course... Real estate values go 'boom!'
I don't think I've ever seen pie advertised. That's how you know it's good. They advertise ice cream and other desserts. They advertise the bejeezus out of yogurt, but I haven't seen one pie commercial.
If in 1989 I said, 'I have an idea: Bottle water and sell it. And charge more than a beer,' they would have chased me around with a giant butterfly net. The same with paying to watch a television station.
I have feelings that are to the right, and I have feelings that land on the left side of the aisle. The thing is if you have 10 views that land you on the left side of the aisle and two views that land you on the right side of the aisle, then people just put you on the right side of the aisle. I'm not sure why.
When you're doing a radio show, you can express yourself.
When you're picking a basketball team, you'll take the brother over the guy with the yarmulke. Why? Because you're playing the odds.
All's the government should do is keep the taxes and regulations at a manageable rate, keep a decent standing army and get out of the way.
Of course on air I use occasional hyperbole to tell a story.
When I say things that sound insane, like only the smartest million people should have the right to vote, well, I mean that.
I don't have any ill will or ill thought towards anybody.
No, I had not read any other comedian's book. Not that I don't enjoy other comedians; I'm just not a reader.
I guess my feeling is is that if you're going to make a joke, that's fine, but you should also sort of stand behind it, you know? A joke should be more than a joke, it should be a point that you're trying to make.
I'm not a Republican.
I don't think healthcare's a right. The only right you have is the ability to go out on an even playing field and work, and then purchase health insurance, or whatever it is.
I have no connection with Hollywood. I'm not interested. I don't care.
The very definition of 'beauty' is outside.
I cook a little bit. I make a Hungarian dish called chicken paprikash that's out of this world. I'll give a heads-up to all of your readers that it doesn't have to be between Thai and Mexican every night. Toss some Hungarian in every once in a while. You will not be sorry. Good, solid peasant food.
I like radio and live performing stuff. I don't like the television stuff as much.
I'd never hurt another person.
I swear my car won't run unless I'm picking my nose: At least, I'm that superstitious about it, so I don't want to take any chances.
If women built the bridges or were meant to build the bridges, then they would have done it.
I don't burn any calories trying to be masculine; I just happen to be from that world.
I don't know anything about computers.
I'm a sort of nuts-and-bolts guy. I'm into turning wrenches and swinging a hammer and wrenching on cars.
I'm a doofus from the Valley, a blue-collar guy.
People are stupid. There's a lot of dumb stuff that's successful.
I didn't have any success in show business until I was 30 to 31 years of age.
I've got a great eye for color. I'm like a chick.
I mean, we sit around and we go, you know, 'Torture doesn't work.' Well, it's been around for 5,000 years. Most stuff that doesn't work goes the way of the dodo pretty quick, like waterbeds and 8-tracks and things like that.
You don't realize how much you use your credit card not even to buy things. It's a card you get so you can navigate society.
I don't normally vote. I'm lazy and I never bought into the 'Every vote counts.'
People look at me, and they go, 'You're white, you're smart, you must have went to college. You must have grown up with money.'
I was a horrible student.
I think if you create something and you get an audience for it, then the monetization part is really secondary.
Rich people don't pay taxes? Of course they pay taxes - they pay tons in taxes. They pay for everyone else who doesn't pay taxes.
A lot of guys and people in our society think that chicks just love dudes with money. Chicks love dudes who are successful who happen to have money - do you know what I mean? Chicks are attracted to dudes that are doing their own thing.
I've never really broken this down before, but, in movies, you almost have no connection to fans. And if you do TV, you're kind of connected, but they know you as the TV name not your real name. If you do radio, there's more of a bond there. And then if you do a podcast it's like you're literally inside of your fans.
The thing about a good podcast is you have to have a good host. If you don't have a compelling host then you have nothing.
Maybe I'm delusional but I'm usually funny. It's not 100% but I have a pretty good batting average.
I could definitely see myself making a serious movie or a drama in the future.
I'm not comically oriented. I get angry and I start complaining and then people start laughing. I don't even want them to laugh half the time.
The reason I hate publicists is because I think if we got rid of them everything would be on equal footing.
If you're conservative in Hollywood, you're on a list of people who need to be put in their place.
Whoever is for higher taxes, feel free to pay higher taxes.
