American,Entertainer
YouTube videos, they're more personal and more real than a commercial on TV.
Whenever I have free time, I love to just lay in my bed and watch YouTube videos, watch movies. Just basically do nothing.
When you're going back to school, you want something fresh and new, and perfume is the best way to do that.
I think everyone is most confident when they are just being themselves and not trying to impress others.
I kind of like to be a sponge, in a way. So everywhere that I am, I like to keep an open mind and just get ideas from everything.
When I have a good pair of shoes, I wear them over and over. Whether it's nice sneakers or a cool pair of combat boots, splurge on a pair you love that you can wear over and over with totally different outfits.
The first day back to school, you never want to wear your best outfit. You're setting the bar too high for yourself! Then the rest of the school year, you'll feel so much pressure! Wear something cute, but save your best outfit for a day when no one expects it.
I love cleansing my face in the mornings and at night using Bliss Foaming Facial Wash. It makes my skin feel soft, and the refreshing smell always wakes me up.
I love sunflowers. They're one of my favorite flowers.
You all have the potential to be what you wanna be.
I'm not a huge fan of eye shadow. You spend 20 minutes working on it and then make one mistake and have to remove it all! I'd rather play up my eyes with winged eyeliner.
Doing meet ups is one of my favorite things ever.
For my fragrance, I knew I wanted something sweet but with a different side to it. I have a lot of vanilla notes and bakery shop scents, but then I also have muskier notes that make it a bit edgier. It's fun but also sophisticated.
BB cream is my lifesaver! It's so light on my skin, plus it protects and gives me coverage at the same time. My favorites are from Maybelline and Smashbox.
I always use dry shampoo, even if my hair isn't oily. It gives me so much texture and that bedhead vibe.
When I travel, I have to have blotting sheets. It's so much better to remove the oil than to cover it up because then your skin just looks cakey.
I don't want to lie to my subscribers, so I'm really honest about my reviews and stuff.
I'm not normally very adventurous with food.
I always eat mac and cheese. That's what I'm known for, just very simple food: sandwiches, French fries, very unhealthy, but yeah that's what I eat.
I'm not too into the trends - I like to look at trends as suggestions, not as rules.
Maybelline's Precise Ink Pen Liner is by far the easiest liquid eyeliner I've ever used. I'm really bad at applying liquid liner, and it glides on so nicely and actually stays on all day.
I go on Twitter and I ask my viewers, 'What would you like to see next season in my line?' or 'What are things you love to wear?' They're the ones wearing it, so I want to make sure it applies to them.
I'm all about building a relationship with viewers and getting to know them.
I don't want to do something unless it feels organic.
I started my YouTube channel when I was 13. At the time, I was being bullied by a few people who I used to be very close to. I felt very alone and unmotivated. After discovering the beauty community, I decided it would be a great way to express myself and use it as an outlet to be who I am.
I don't just post a video and then get offline. After uploading, I love to respond to comments, tweets, and messages about the video.
