English,Entertainer
The secret to a happy marriage is if you can be at peace with someone within four walls, if you are content because the one you love is near to you, either upstairs or downstairs, or in the same room, and you feel that warmth that you don't find very often, then that is what love is all about.
A round of golf is the ideal antidote to stress.
It may be an old cliche, but I think true love will last; it has no end. But finding the right person is a very difficult thing.
I met my darling wife Wilnelia in 1980 when we were on the judging panel for the Miss World contest at the Royal Albert Hall. With two ex-wives and five daughters, I thought I wouldn't be involved with anyone for a long time - if ever. Winnie was so gorgeous, my jaw dropped - and it's a big jaw to drop.
It's the combination of marrying a beautiful woman three decades younger and my iPad that keeps me young.
People think I am the crazy person on stage, but I know how to relax.
I hate the term 'arm candy.' But, look, a woman's figure is a beautiful thing, and if she has shapely legs, then she should show them off, because men love to see that. Not just heterosexual men - gay men like to see a woman in her beauty and the shape of her.
Puerto Rico is one of those places you can be as quiet or as crazy as you want, because there's so much nightlife. I have to take the craziness carefully.
People think I rush around all day long like a raving lunatic. I'm much more relaxed than that.
Television is great but for me, as a performer, nothing compares to a live theatre show.
That Mick Jagger, I feel sorry for him. After all these years he still can't get no satisfaction.
No one - apart from my agent, perhaps - should leave one of my shows in tears.
I do lead a careful diet, I don't overeat, I have fruit and vegetables every day and I drink a lot of water. And my darling wife keeps me so young it is ridiculous. Being with her is an inspiration as well.
It's sad when you see most of your friends in the business gone, like Tommy Cooper, Frankie Howard, Eric Morecambe, Roy Castle, Les Dawson. They were very dear to me. You no longer have the chance to bump into them at a celebrity do.
I don't want to grow old gracefully. I want to put up a bit of a fight.
It's frightening, the way life speeds up. When you're at school, time can't go fast enough.
I am not doddery... doddery I am not!
They do say, the smaller the feet, the better the dancer.
I love getting on You Tube to look at the old comics. I am in my element seeing guys like Jack Benny and Phil Silvers give interviews.
It gets harder every day to get out of bed. I don't feel like it loads of the time. It is only my exercise routine which wakes me up.
Although I'm predominantly known for game-shows, I do prefer to be known as a performer.
When you've been brought up in variety, I think timing is always important in your life. If I'm ever late for anything, whether it's personal or business, I always apologise. 'I'm sorry I'm late,' and all that. And if somebody is late meeting me, I expect them to say 'I'm sorry I'm late.' It's just, shall we say, showbiz etiquette of my day.
I've always been a family entertainer. Every show I have done has been suitable for any age - parents never need to worry that, if they pop out of the room, I'll say anything untoward.
In the old days, variety turns like me learned how to cope with failure - we all had nights when we 'died' on stage - but today's youngsters simply don't have that experience. For them, it really is instant make or break time - hence, all the tears and, hence, all the potential emotional damage.
When I was a child, life felt so slow because all I wanted to do was get into show business. Each day seemed like a year, but when you get older, years pass like minutes. I wish there was a tape recorder where we could just slow our lives down.
You can only be as good as your audience. Sometimes you can be as bad as your audience, but you have to remember you can never be better than them.
All kids love to get dirty, but if I wandered into the garage, my father would say: 'Son, you're not going to have filthy hands like mine. You're going into show business.'
My father earned every penny he had, and I would have loved to have bought him a Rolls-Royce because his whole life was cars. Sadly, he didn't live to see the day when I could have done that for him, which still hurts.
