Entertainer
I thought late-night was crowded... the format's repetitive.
I'm going to miss my best friends - my cameras.
I think mankind is overly sensitive, very needy, greedy, and flawed.
A telephone survey says that 51 percent of college students drink until they pass out at least once a month. The other 49 percent didn't answer the phone.
Senator Hillary Clinton is attacking President Bush for breaking his campaign promise to cut carbon dioxide emissions, saying a promise made, a promise broken. And then out of habit, she demanded that Bush spend the night on the couch.
In Massachusetts, scientists have created the first human clone. The bad thing is that in thirty years, the clone will still be depressed because the Boston Red Sox will still have not won a World Series.
As fighting in Iraq intensifies, President Bush delivered his supplemental war budget to Congress. The money will cover 30 days of fighting, then we'll be sent one war every other month until we cancel our subscription.
Democrats were quick to point out that President Bush's budget creates a 1 trillion dollar deficit. The White House quickly responded with 'Hey, look over there, it's Saddam Hussein.'
Did you see the statue topple? Bill Clinton got nostalgic seeing something that big in a beret go down.
New rumors that Saddam Hussein is planning to flee to a castle in Libya with 10 billion dollars. Now President Bush doesn't know whether to nuke him or give him a tax cut.
President Bush spent last night calling world leaders to support the war with Iraq and it is sad when the most powerful man on earth is yelling, 'I know you're there, pick up, pick up.
People here in Los Angeles are disgusted now about a sex scandal involving Arnold Schwarzenegger. Apparently for seven years, he carried on a sexual relationship with his own wife.
The big political news, Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he's running for governor of California, and already, people are chanting, 'Four more vowels, four more vowels.'
They're saying Arnold will get 95% of the vote. At least according to his brother, Jeb Schwarzenegger.
John Kerry was officially endorsed by Dick Gephardt, and Kerry said, 'What did I ever do to you?'
The places I've worked in the past, I always stayed three years and moved on.
I have a wonderful respect for old people.
I used to make fun of young people when I was 17 - the angst, the insecurities, all those tattoos.
I learned at an early age that using the third person will push some buttons.
I enjoyed retirement the right way... linguine con vongole, red wine and plenty of truffle cheese.
It's fun being creative and that's satisfying.
I always tell people I romanticize about doing something simple, like doing radio in northern California.
Comedy doesn't always have to come from a dark place.
Broadcasting was something, I don't want to say it came easy, but it's something I'm comfortable doing.
I don't do well around the angry, bitter and emotionally fragile among us, which may eliminate 70% of the population.
I lived in a studio apartment until my mid-30s. I don't have an extravagant lifestyle.
