American,Entertainer
The real secret of magic lies in the performance.
There is a safe spot within every tornado. My job is to find it.
We all possess the need to dream.
Magic is my paint.
Never stop listening to your audience.
The key is for the audience never to know, so I have a plan B for every illusion.
I used to fly around the stage without strings or camera tricks. That took seven years to create.
I'm just waiting for people to start asking me to make the rain disappear.
My show is constantly evolving... new tricks are added, old ones are dropped... so it stays fresh. But it's the randomly selected participants from the audience that make it fresh and provide some of the best comic relief.
Physical rehab is often very, very hard work.
Magicians lose the opportunity to experience a sense of wonder.
You can feel better about yourself in a very short period of time depending on the kind of magic that you are doing.
You have to learn certain skills to present magic.
No self-respecting gay guy would have ever made some of the hair and clothing choices I am still trying to live down.
Magic came very easy for me when I was a kid. When I was 8 years old I started doing it, and by the time I was 12, I was already published in magic books.
I have always been interested in pushing magic forward.
I'm really trying hard not to do anything that has been done before. So knowing everything I can about the legacy of magic challenges my team and I to invent new illusions.
For me to grow, I have to know about the foundation that came before.
For my father, being kind was natural... I have to really work at it. I love competing and winning, conquest - not words you usually associate with kindness.
Demonic figures and occult themes have disappeared from modern magic.
I need a form of escape even when I'm working really hard.
I act like I'm 14, if you haven't figured that out yet.
If I was gay, why would I hide it?
It's okay for me to be gay, but God didn't make me that way.
When you're a guy and meet a girl the first time, you do whatever it takes.
I really did sneak into Broadway shows, starting when I was 12.
