American,Entertainer
Metal never goes away. It drifts in and out, but the true fans are always there for it.
The power chords in 'Come Sail Away' were super heavy to me as a kid. Metal? No. Hard rock? At times, for sure.
I've known Bret Michaels forever.
People sometimes tell me that I don't talk or act or look like a metal fan. Well, what does a metal fan look like? I've found people from all walks of life who love metal.
One of the things I've done on my shows is tell stories and do interviews.
It's hard for people to realize now, but my gosh, when I was in school, you could not name a group that was less cool than Kiss. Going in to school with a Kiss T-shirt, you were asking for ridicule. In '77, they were one of the biggest bands in the world, but by '80, there was a severe backlash.
Jon Bon Jovi is remarkable.
The biggest compliments I've heard about 'That Metal Show' are the ones from people that say that they don't even listen to this kind of music, but, 'We love watching the show.'
I have never said anything critical about Ozzy that he didn't say about himself many times.
When I was a kid just starting out on the radio, I would always watch people. And I'd see the interest they'd have in trying to get a photo with an artist or get a ticket stub signed. I guess, to me, that's the ultimate thing - to know that what you've done is important enough to other people that they want to take a picture with you.
I am so appreciative of all the attention I've gotten, especially since I don't ever consider myself anything more than a fan.
I'm completely open about the fact that I don't love every genre of metal. I like what I like. It's got to have some vocal quality and some semblance of melody.
My books are personal: I'm not saying they're the Bible of music.
I want to be the Letterman of metal. I want five nights a week, Monday to Friday, 11 to 12, live. I always shoot for the moon.
I've had the privilege of meeting and/or interviewing most of the top metal and hard rock artists at various points in my career and sharing their stories and music with millions of fans on air through TV and radio.
I still love radio, but TV is also an awesome platform.
I wasn't a good student in high school. I mean, I got through it, but unless it had something to do with music, it didn't really interest me.
I wrote the music column in my high school newspaper.
One thing people would be surprised about is that although hard rock and heavy metal are without question 90% of what I listen to and my passion, there are other things I enjoy. My first ever favorite band in my life before KISS was a power-pop band called The Raspberries.
How do you possibly say that a cover band is better than the band that created and wrote the material? It's absurd.
People tell me all the time I should stop and smell the roses, but I can't. I'm always thinking of what I can do to make what I have better and do more.
VH1 Classic is the destination for people who would be interested in a music talk show.
In a way, Jersey really supports rock, maybe more than New York City and Long Island. I know plenty of bands that tour and do much better at Starland or other clubs in New Jersey than others in the tri-state area.
Skid Row would probably be my favorite Jersey band.
Black Sabbath invented heavy metal, in my opinion.
Anytime rock and metal can get on mainstream TV at all, it's a good thing.
