American,Entertainer
I wanted to go hide. I wasn't looking to be more famous, I'm famous enough.
I don't think there's one thing I've ever said on the radio that would have been found indecent or obscene.
Well, first of all, I'm worth every penny.
I think people of lesser talent will become stars.
I've actually apologized to some people I was a real jerk to, because I feel ashamed. I didn't need to be that hungry. There was something going on inside me when I was angry and feeling very threatened and not feeling good about myself.
You've got to be a little vicious. You've got to be narcissistic. You've got to be on fire about your career.
I'm on the air five hours, and I blurt out anything in my head. Dangerous? Maybe.
It's no treat being in bed with me.
I'm sickened by all religions. Religion has divided people. I don't think there's any difference between the pope wearing a large hat and parading around with a smoking purse and an African painting his face white and praying to a rock.
I feel blessed, I really feel fulfilled.
I think I'm probably a little too desperate to be successful.
'The New York Times' list is a bunch of crap. They ought to call it the editor's choice. It sure isn't based on sales.
When you hire me, you hire a nut who is going to work 24 hours a day for you and never, ever burn his audience.
Yes, I believe blue material is funny, but if that's all you've got, you're dead in the water. It's not good.
If you're a Christian you don't sit there and worry about what somebody else is doing, if they're happy and they're committed in a relationship.
Every time I went on the radio, I would take the crummiest radio station, the station that was like a toilet bowl. I would go on there and build up the ratings, so you couldn't do any worse.
I'm not looking for a paycheck.
I seem to be some sort of lightning rod. I just really irritate people, you know? I really do.
Late night television is ready for someone like me... standards have gone to an all-time low.
Okay, well, I guess I'm still a kid. Because when I get really angry and fired up and I feel like my back is up against the wall, I will say vicious things.
And rather than hide that, I would rather put that out on the radio and let someone see the full range of emotions. If you're going to be strong on the radio, you got to let it all out, even the ugly stuff. And you can't apologize for it.
There are things that I won't do on the radio. I mean, the next logical question is, what won't you do. I say, well, you know, you've got to find out when you're on the air.
I will never feel successful.
I don't talk about my salary.
My show was revolutionary, ground-breaking. When I came on the scene, people were not doing a thing.
I believe I am doing the work for humanity. This show is so uplifting.
