American,Entertainer
I change my style maybe every month. I'm, like, punk one month, ghetto fab the next, classy the next. I'm just young and finding out who I am.
I've realized through the years that I just find happiness in other things, whether it's my dogs or my friends or, like, looking at the sunset. So if I were to wish for something else, it would just to be happy all the time, to have a superpower of not letting things affect me, and to be true to who I am, always.
I like to have fun, I'm silly, and I keep the mood light.
If you're different, or if you think something about you is just weird and out of the ordinary, I just think that's so dope.
What I think is so amazing about having everything, and feeling like I have everything, is that I don't really find happiness within materialistic things. Like, it's cool if I can buy myself a new car, and I think it's amazing for a week, but then the thrill is over, and I'm like, 'Oh, so I guess that wasn't really happiness.'
The more people love you, the more there's going to be people that hate you.
People think they have a perfect idea of who you are from a four-second Snapchat video... and fake blogs, stories, magazine covers. In reality, that's not the case. Nobody knows who I am except family and my close friends.
I honestly hate wearing makeup.
Every time I start to get worked up over something, I just think to myself, 'Is this really going to matter in my life tomorrow, in an hour, in a year?' You just can't get stressed about the little things 'cause it's just not worth it at the end of the day.
I just want to inspire my fans to be whoever they want to be, because that's what I've always done.
When I'm, like, 30, I want to go off the map, have a family and live in Malibu with a farm, and just raise my own chickens.
Working with some of the best makeup artists has taught me a lot of amazing tricks to making me feel more confident, and I can't wait to share them with you guys.
I take, like, 500 selfies to get one I like.
Everyone asks, 'What's your favorite trend?' And I never answer that.
Since I was 9 years old, I've been in the entertainment business, and everyone is always telling me what - and what not - to do... you just get a tough skin and have to not care about what people think, or you will not end up in a good place.
I feel like I've lost so many amazing traits because I've listened to stupid people, ignorant people who are bullies.
I don't really wear perfume. I use Victoria's Secret sometimes. They have this Coconut Passion spray. But fragrances can give me a bit of a headache.
I know how influential I am over my fans and followers. I feel like everything I do, my hair color, my makeup, I always start these huge trends, and I don't even realize what I'm capable of.
Having a reality TV show, everyone feels like they know you, but that's only 10% of my life. There's a whole other side of me that people don't see.
Lips are kind of like my thing, and I've always been obsessed with lipstick and lip liner. I just always went to lip liner to overline my lips, and I feel like I was really known for that. I can't walk out of my house without my lipstick!
There are new rumors about me every day.
I never feel pressure to be a good role model. I always try to do my best to inspire people to be good and do the right thing, but I just can't live my life always trying to be a good role model.
I'm not materialistic. I love clothes and all that stuff, but I don't need it to live.
I have two really great best friends that are the only people I hang out with. I keep a close circle.
I want to explore a lot of things, do acting here and there.
Khloe has the youngest hands. You can tell a woman's age by her hands, and she taught me that. She has way younger hands than I do because she's addicted to wearing sunscreen on them. I'm not consistent with it, but maybe that will be my new year's resolution.
I'm young, and I'm a girl, so, when I post something, I want to see what people are saying or what they think of my photos. I've found it better if you don't read anything and you just always stay off that track.
I'm obsessed with Lady Gaga. I saw her at the Alexander Wang fashion show after-party, and I think she's the nicest person ever.
If I'm going to see people, I won't wear heavy makeup. It's not attractive on me. When you see those pictures on my Instagram, they are usually for when I'm doing a photo shoot or an interview.
I still do Juvederm for my lips. I go to Dr. Ourian in Beverly Hills. He's the best, and he's super natural about it.
I'm always down to share my secrets, share my beauty tips. Most of the stuff my fans never knew I get from CVS and stores like that. It's fun sharing all the stuff that I use! I don't use crazy stuff. There's always ways to do it for less.
People flash back to pictures of me when I was 12 and say 'Kylie's so different,' but how can I look the same from 12 -18?
I like lip liners over lipsticks. I have so many of them from so many different brands, so I just pick the color that works.
I can't have brown hair for some reason. I don't think it goes with my skin tone. The second I see it turn brown in the sun, I dye it black - the blacker the better.
I feel like I'm way too young to wear such heavy makeup all the time. It's just bad for your skin, but I'm always doing photo shoots or red carpets and events, so I obviously want to look good.
People have to be sensitive to - I hate using the word 'celebrities' - people in the spotlight. Because there's so much more than what you see on the cover of a magazine.
I wake up every morning with the worst anxiety. I don't know why. I have, like, a problem.
I wake up every morning at, like, seven or eight because I think that there's a bad story about me, and I have to check. My worst fear is waking up and finding something bad about me on the Internet.
Having sisters is the best. I have a different relationship with each of them. I go to Kim for fashion advice, Khloe is always boy and family advice, and Kourtney is like another mother to me.
Tyga's one of my best friends ever, so it's so much fun to travel with him. I always like having my friends out on the road with me.
I've been picked on my whole entire life, and I feel like I started the IAmMoreThan campaign on Instagram to try to find other people who have been bullied and totally overcame it and did something amazing with it.
I'm a brand ambassador. I've been a fan of Nip+Fab for a while, so it fit perfectly. I just love their stuff.
I really like the Glycolic Cleansing Pads because they're super easy. Sometimes it's annoying to scrub your face with your hands, but these are just little pads, so I like that. I also really like the Kale Fix Moisturizer and Dragon's Blood Fix Serum. The Dragon's Blood is good for priming before your makeup.
I think that other girls and boys my age will maybe see that I'm so accepting and be accepting of other people, too.
I'll usually wash my face with a face wash, then I'll go to my makeup. I like to use Nip + Fab Dragon's Blood Fix Serum. It's moisturizing and also a great primer for your makeup. And, I try to use sunscreen every day.
I will take off my makeup with wipes and then wash my face again. Then, I use a toner, moisturizer, and under-eye cream. I love vitamin E oil and coconut oil.
I love L.A. I'm such an L.A. person.
I don't think I need a significant other to be happy because I always like to find that for myself, but I think that it makes me a lot happier when I'm sharing my life with somebody.
I have a lot of boots. I'm a shoe person for sure.
