American,Entertainer
I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.
It's joyful to give. But for people who want to take advantage of you, you're kind of an easy mark.
I just love asking questions. I love people. It's in my DNA. I'm cursed - and blessed.
The names are bigger, the show is worldwide, but I get a royal pass into life in the broadcasting business.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.
I'm having as much fun today as I did when I made $55 a week, because it is as much fun.
I'm sort of the comic relief after a hard day at work. My message is that it's OK to relax.
My father died when I was nine and a half. We were on relief for two years. They call it welfare now, but it was relief then... I never forgot the generosity of New York.
You gotta ask 'why' questions. 'Why did you do this?' A 'why' question you can't answer with one word.
I like getting to the meat of things. You can't get it in a five-minute interview. I like to hone a person. I like to make eye contact.
Basically, what it comes down to is I love what I do. I don't do it for fame. I don't do it for money. I just love it.
I have lifelong friends. My oldest friend, Herbie, has been a friend since I was 9. I've had bonds for over 50 years with people.
Communications is the number one major in America today. CNN had 25,000 applicants for five intern jobs this summer.
I don't wish anybody ill, I really don't. I've got a lot of faults, but I was never jealous or envious or... it's a waste of time.
Good writers are in the business of leaving signposts saying, Tour my world, see and feel it through my eyes; I am your guide.
I'm the worst person to be stuck with in a traffic jam.
Getting your house in order and reducing the confusion gives you more control over your life. Personal organization some how releases or frees you to operate more effectively.
I have never understood the Iowa caucus.
With 500 channels and the Internet available, you'd think a candidate could get the word out.
When I was 5 years old I would lie in bed, look at the radio, and I wanted to be on the radio. I don't know why.
I fantasized being a broadcaster.
I worked on the United Parcel Service truck, I sold home delivery of milk. But always, in the back of my mind, I wanted to get into radio.
I was always telling everyone, I want to be a broadcaster. They'd say, What, are you crazy? What, you're going to be Arthur Godfrey?
If they asked me, I did two shifts. I did sports, I did news, because I loved it.
Gleason became like a mentor of mine. I had Gleason helping me on television, Godfrey on radio.
If I do something caring for a friend, I have no doubt in my mind they would do it for me.
I've never seen anyone say, 'Let's go get this person today; let's really ram it into him.' I've never seen it. If a Democrat or Republican commits some horrendous story, the story will run. The networks will cover it.
I never forgot being poor, and I never stopped thinking how fortunate I am.
The rich don't win elections. They support the money, but what percentage of America are rich? What is it, 2 percent? But they all have one vote.
Anything can happen when people run for office.
I've done hundreds of interviews on guns. I'm against people who use guns. I don't like guns, but I've never yelled at anyone.
I thought I would be a sports announcer. All I was was a curious kid who wanted to be on the radio.
The Kardashians can be famous for being famous. What do they do? I can't figure it out.
The guest to me was always paramount.
I don't know what a softball question is. All I know is I have no agenda. I ask short questions, and I listen to the answer.
I've had a great ride. I've got no complaints.
