Entertainer
I think baking cookies is equal to Queen Victoria running an empire. There's no difference in how seriously you take the job, how seriously you approach your whole life.
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.
You should feel good about making your home nicer for your family and your friends. You should feel great about cooking a good dinner and making a dress for a granddaughter, creating a beautiful birthday party. It's all part of life.
I'm very inspired by nature - you could say Mother Nature. I look at things around me and get all kinds of inspiration daily.
I catnap now and then, but I think while I nap, so it's not a waste of time.
Whether you're a programmer or a seamstress, it's all about new techniques, simplifying old techniques, and consolidating steps. Making things go faster - but not worse.
So the pie isn't perfect? Cut it into wedges. Stay in control, and never panic.
It is hard to imagine Andre Le Notre laying out the exquisite landscape designs for Vaux-le-Vicomte, and later the magnificent Chateau de Versailles, with no high hill to stand on, no helicopter to fly in, and no drone to show him the complexities of the terrain. Yet he did, and with extreme precision, accuracy, and high style.
My new motto is: When you're through changing, you're through.
You can be the most beautiful person on Earth, and if you don't have a fitness or diet routine, you won't be beautiful.
All the things I love is what my business is all about.
I love dessert. I can't be guilty about it because I have to taste everything. I experiment.
I invented 'It's a good thing' before you were even born.
I support Alice Waters in her desire that there be a vegetable garden at the White House. I don't think they should rip up the Rose Garden, because that's something that I love. They should probably dig up another patch and grow some vegetables there.
If you learn something new every day, you can teach something new every day.
I adore summer entertaining. For a dinner party at the farm, I might prepare homemade fettuccine with porcini mushrooms, soft-shell crabs, spinach from the garden, and lemon tarts with fraises des bois for dessert.
I believe in a man and a woman being equal. I really believe that we can do anything we set our minds to.
There are two kinds of people... There are the dreamers who go and buy, and there are the doers who go and make. And I've always recognized that. So the dreamers are what support our company because they will buy the product that they could make if they wanted to, had time to, or were so inclined to.
Everywhere I go, I always look for creative entrepreneurs, whether it's artisans and craftsmen, small farmers and gardeners, or restaurateurs who use fresh, locally sourced ingredients. I admire the courage and self-reliance it takes to start your own business and make it succeed.
I haven't been to Tasmania. I haven't been to the South Pole, and I haven't been to the North Pole. I want to see the polar bear migration before there are no polar bears. I want to see Glacier National Park before the glacier melts.
I live in an old house with no closets and no built-ins. I hate big cupboards.
When I first went to Kmart, I was so excited that I could bring my kind of taste to the masses. They didn't have 100 percent cotton sheets at mass market in 1987. We made those in yellow and pink and pale blue.
Doing projects really gives people self-confidence. Nothing is better than taking the pie out of the oven. What it does for you personally, and for your family's idea of you, is something you can't buy.
American Made is not just an event. It's a movement to spotlight and support the next generation of creative entrepreneurs who are turning their passion for making into thriving small businesses.
I'm not supposed to say it, but I was not guilty of any crime. I became a target because I was a strong and a rich woman who had been very successful.
I began raising chickens primarily for their eggs, but over the years, I've also grown fond of caring for them and learning about their many different breeds and varieties.
I get up really early, and I go to bed really late. Sometimes I get tired, but it's not important. I have an exciting existence, and there's so much to do.
Franchesca and Sharkey, my French bulldogs, have their own blog. And they are brilliant at it.
I can keep learning about all the different technologies. It's my most telling characteristic. I'm interested in trying anything new.
I don't have time to have friends come and stay, except on weekends in Maine. I invite a lot of people to come to Maine.
The more you adapt, the more interesting you are.
I don't think there's any company that has the same tools as Martha Stewart Living does, and people know that. They really love the tools and, if you have the tools, you can pretty much do the craft.
A lot of TV people buy more than one of an item, in case they spot or stain it, but I don't like buying duplicates - it's wasteful.
I record my radio show, and my staff makes me a nice lunch in the kitchen, usually fish - whatever's freshest and line-caught - and a salad. I drink water and herbal tea, a blend of catnip, elderberry, and horehound.
I have cotton or flannel sheets, depending on the weather. They have to be ironed, and I get my bed changed nearly every day.
The homes I like the best are totally occupied, busy, and useful, whether it's a tiny little house or a great big one. Rarely do you find a great big house that's used in a good way. So I prefer smaller spaces that are full of books, full of things that people are doing.
All I really want is a three-room house. The home I have designed at my new farm in Bedford, New York, is a three-room house: bedroom on top, living room in the middle, and kitchen on the ground.
I'm a maniacal perfectionist.
I have proven that being a perfectionist can be profitable and admirable when creating content across the board: in television, books, newspapers, radio, videos.
The first book really was kind of an entertaining textbook for the homemaker. I couldn't find a good book about entertaining in 1982, and neither could my friend, so I decided to write it.
When I was incarcerated at Alderson in West Virginia for a five-month term, they had a ceramics class.
One of the things I do to stay healthy and fit is to make sure I exercise every single day. Aside from eating right and getting enough sleep, exercise keeps me trim and boosts my energy.
Drones can be useful tools, and I am all about useful tools. One of my mottos is 'the right tool for the right job.'
I think you can fairly say I spawned or laid an egg that has turned into a lifestyle industry.
I grew up in a very modest home. We grew a lot of our food in our backyard. We fished; my brothers hunted.
I had a critical father. I'm more like my father. He was a sales rep for pharmaceutical companies.
I don't think in a male or female way. I don't differentiate between male and female. I never have. I'm not considered a feminist.
My goal with our American Made program is to inspire people of all ages to become 'doers,' whether it's them learning how to make an easy weekday dinner or starting their own business.
I'm kind of a complainer, but not about getting old. I complain about, you know, something that can be fixed.
I think that the lady who is waiting on me at the local diner, who has kids in school and the mouths to feed, I think she probably has as nice a life as I have. And she only wants to improve her life, her lifestyle.
When you write a book, you're an expert, and people look at you in a different way.
I never stop making sure that what I say is the best of what could be said about a particular thing. It's a constant evolution. If I planted a tree one way yesterday, and somebody tells me of a better way to plant a tree, I think, 'You know, they're right, that's better.' Then I change my way to accommodate the new way of planting trees.
The ultimate goal is to be an interesting, useful, wholesome person. If you're successful on top of that, then you're way ahead of everybody.
I use the same products on my body as I use on my face. I don't think there's really any difference between the two, so the more moisturizers and serums you use, the better off you are.
For styling, I don't like a lot of mousse. I do use Sally Hershberger's Texture Blast, which is like a hair spray, but just at the roots. I have really good hair, and I don't like to plaster it.
I think that people want to know how to do practical and everyday things like how to get the pomegranate seeds out of a pomegranate.
My parents were able to pay our expenses, but not for education. We were encouraged to work hard in school and get scholarships.
I sat down once with the application for Match.com and started to laugh. I couldn't even get past the first page. And that's a very good site!
