Turkish,Entertainer
Your genetics load the gun. Your lifestyle pulls the trigger.
As a surgeon you have to have a controlled arrogance. If it's uncontrolled, you kill people, but you have to be pretty arrogant to saw through a person's chest, take out their heart and believe you can fix it. Then, when you succeed and the patient survives, you pray, because it's only by the grace of God that you get there.
The opposite of anger is not calmness, its empathy.
Biology always beats will power.
If you don't know your blood pressure, it's like not knowing the value of your company.
Most food you drop is still perfectly edible. If it was in your eyesight the whole time, you can pick it up and eat it.
If I make your workplace conducive to walking at lunch, or working out at some time during the day, or I get people to use the stairs more by creating incentives to do such, then people will start doing it naturally.
We are spending most of our time in American health care fixing the mistakes that either we in the profession are causing or our patients are, without recognizing it, causing to themselves.
I saw many people who had advanced heart disease and I was so frustrated because I knew if they just knew how to do the right thing, simple lifestyle and diet steps, that the entire trajectory of their life and health would have been different.
You need to be proactive, carve out time in your schedule, and take responsibility for being the healthiest person you can be - no one else is going to do it for you.
My mother was all about unconditional love, and I don't think we give that to our patients a lot. At the end of the day, what they really need you to do is to look at them in the eye and say, 'I'm here for you. I'm going to make sure this works out.'
True health care reform cannot happen in Washington. It has to happen in our kitchens, in our homes, in our communities. All health care is personal.
We don't walk. We overeat because we've made it easy to overeat. We have fast-food joints on every corner. By the way, the 'we' is all of us. It's not the government. It's all of us doing this together.
I do practice what I preach when it comes to nutrition.
Medications almost always do it better if they're used in conjunction with other supports.
Medicine has always been my calling.
Hostility comes from loneliness, from not seeing yourself like a drop falling into the ocean of humanity like everyone else.
I don't operate on smokers. I tell cigarette smokers that I can operate on you, I get paid the same. And you might even do well. But it's the wrong thing to do. So I refuse to operate on you until you stop smoking.
No matter how old you are, no matter how much you weigh, you can still control the health of your body.
Unfortunately, several companies are attempting to deceive consumers through the unauthorized use of my image or my name, and my attorneys are pursuing those making these false claims.
I think that we're beginning to globalize medicine now. You have to take Eastern approaches and bring them to the West, and share West with the East.
I'm sure people think that I'm out in left field you know, playing by myself.
I really think it would be cowardly to pull back and not challenge the status quo, when the status quo may not be the right way for the field to go.
I feel differently immediately when I start to put weight on. I don't like that sluggish, blunted disposition that I have when that happens.
I've always felt that, when I looked at my tombstone, it shouldn't say, 'Mehmet Oz banged out 10,000 open-heart operations.' I've probably done 5,000. Am I any better at it than 10,000? He shook his head. It's just a different number on the tombstone.
I used to bicycle to work across the George Washington Bridge, but my wife told me it wasn't professional.
Medicine grounds me, it centers me, that's why I continue to do it.
There are a lot of food Nazis in the U.S., but I believe if you can show people what's really important, they'll judge the rest for themselves.
Food is no longer sacred to us: in becoming too efficient we've changed its nature.
I've got so many weaknesses.
The biggest mistake people make is to try to lose too much weight too fast.
I meditate and I'm passionate about it.
What we have now is doctors who are actually better technically at what they're doing in their specialty than 30 or 40 years ago, but we lost the relationship, when the doctor would look people in the eye and say, 'I care about you. We can do this together.'
