Entertainer
Personality has power to uplift, power to depress, power to curse, and power to bless.
Segregation never brought anyone anything except trouble.
It did not come naturally; in fact, it would be difficult to conceive of any more dogmatic and less tolerant people than the first settlers on New England shores.
Ignorance is a menace to peace.
It has been the way of Rotary to focus thought upon matters in which members are in agreement, rather than upon matters in which they are in disagreement.
In the cold, shivering twilight, preceding the daybreak of civilization, the dominating emotion of man was fear.
In the clashes between ignorance and intelligence, ignorance is generally the aggressor.
Motherhood is at its best when the tender chords of sympathy have been touched.
When an individual, a sect, a clique or a nation hates and despises another individual, sect, clique or nation, he or they simply do not know the objects of their hatred. Ignorance is at the bottom of it.
Permanent superiority has never been realized by any nation in history. After the rise comes the fall.
Ideas have unhinged the gates of empires.
Singing is not indulged in by Rotary clubs of some countries and all clubs are given full privilege to do as they please about including it in their programs.
The higher the general average of intelligence, all things else being equal, the less the disposition to be meddlesome, critical, and overbearing.
One's nativity is not of his own choosing, but whatever it may be, it is entitled to respect; and all nations have honorable place in the world's family.
Individuals and nations owe it to themselves and the world to become informed.
There is nothing in the genius of America more precious today than the spirit of religious and political tolerance in its application to our own people.
Much responsibility rests upon the shoulders of the song leader; it is not infrequently within his power to make or break a meeting.
If there ever was a militant religion, it was that of early New England.
The less one knows, the more he thinks he knows, and the more willing he is to employ any and all measures to enforce his views upon others.
One's religion is one's own possession and he has a right to it.
The nation that is supreme above all others during one age, will be eclipsed by another in the next age.
It would not be fair to the critics of Rotary, who include some of the most brilliant of the British and American writers, to charge them with prejudice.
In course of time, religion came with its rites invoking the aid of good spirits which were even more powerful than the bad spirits, and thus for the time being tempered the agony of fears.
But primitive man had enemies real as well as imaginary, and they were not subject to priestly sorceries.
Many obstacles to the expansion of good will have presented themselves.
Descendants of New England pioneers are proud of their ancestry and glad to proclaim the fact that so far as the United States are concerned, New England is in deed the cradle of religious liberty.
