English,Entertainer
Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character.
Failing my driving test first time; that was a disappointment on a geological scale.
I like to think that my arrogance, impetuosity, impatience, selfishness and greed are the qualities that make me the lovable chap I am.
If I can be cruel; I'm not a big fan of the Audi R8, actually.
My first car was a 1976 Toyota Corolla Liftback in red, like the one in 'The Blues Brothers.' I painted a Union Jack on the roof. I was absolutely in love with it until I destroyed it, which broke my heart!
I'm a presenter.
It's not just the kid who's spent every penny from his job to upgrade his car to tell the world he cares about sports cars, it's also the person driving around in a fuel-conscious hybrid electric car, because it's more a message to the world than an effective means of saving fuel, to be quite honest.
I'm not reckless. I was never reckless.
I had post-traumatic amnesia, five-second memory, it happens as a result of brain injury.
And I like pygmy goats, because they're just lovely, and ducks.
At home I drive an old Land Rover.
With the case of running, it really is a case of get out, set yourself a distance, run it, and then do it again the next day. It's tremendously simple.
I think a basic level of fitness can help the body cope with all manner of incidents.
The easiest and simplest thing that any one can do to make their car safer, more gas efficient, whatever - check the tire pressure.
I run a lot. I have this five-mile run that I try and do a few times a week. If I do more, I get shin splints and it drives me mad, so I have to balance it.
Forty is brilliant and I love it. I'm happier now than when I was 20.
For somebody who has injured their brain, every single thing they say and think will be the subject of their own questioning.
I would love to act. I probably won't make it to Hollywood at 42 years of age, but I'd love to act.
I don't particularly want to smear myself into a hillside.
My grandfather on one side was trained as a cabinetmaker but eventually worked as a coachbuilder and then built cars. I inherited from him a love of cars, but with no technical ability whatsoever, sadly!
I mostly drive around in a Fiat 500 TwinAir, and that's a pretty small car!
I damaged all the complicated bits of the brain to do with processing and emotional control. I was prey to every single emotion that swept over me and I couldn't deal with it. I had to re-learn things from scratch.
No action hero is more closely associated with cars than James Bond.
I've been in a car three or four times when it filled with water and it's not a comfortable feeling.
