Entertainer
I've got some alien blood in me.
In skateboarding, you're never bigger than the streets.
Skateboarding has given me everything I have and created who I am.
One of the best things to me about 'Skate' is that if you play this game from beginning to end, you just got a complete education on what skateboarding is.
What's skateable is limitless by design.
Anything is possible if you're willing to work for it.
I operate best on big vision and creative detail.
I only drink coffee grown in high altitude rain forests.
For me, part of one my big movements is building authentic street environments for skateboarding.
I don't think I've ever had a vacation, to be quite honest with you.
California just does not remotely embrace the fact that it's where skateboarding itself was birthed and where 90% of the industry is.
I can't watch myself on TV.
As I've evolved, I'm capable of doing a lot of things at once, but really, as an entrepreneur and business person, it's more about adding the right structure to be able to handle scaling all those things as opposed to being at the forefront of doing a lot of them.
The evolution of the plaza always came from the idea of just a really good place to ride a skateboard that you could ride at anytime, and that's what the foundation always stands for - being a place that's free, open and legal... for those that are technical, to do really hard stuff, and for those who are learning, to just have fun.
I am truly blessed to have been a part of the MTV family for so long.
'Wild Grinders' becoming an animated series, and airing on Nicktoons is another one of my boyhood dreams come true. I came up with the name when I was eleven years old, when I needed a name for my first skate crew - who knew it would turn into such a mega brand?
DC and Monster have always supported my vision for street skateboarding, from building skate plazas throughout the world to now creating the first-ever professional skateboarding league.
'Rob & Big' was a buddy comedy show.
With 'Fantasy Factory,' I want to take skating beyond the Tony Hawk generation and represent the street-skating generation.
The serious professional skateboarder doesn't have a job. They get paid enough not to.
You knew LeBron James was going to be LeBron James when he was a sophomore.
The mainstream thinks that every skateboarder aspires to be in the X Games.
No one can fathom that the top 200 pro street skaters run from cops on the weekends and use a generator and lights to light up a handrail at 2 in the morning to get a trick that's going to be in an advertisement that will be shown around the world.
No matter what I do, how much money I make, where I live, or what kind of car I drive, the stuff I skateboard on is the same stuff that every other kid in L.A., every kid in the country, everybody in the world is skateboarding on.
There is nothing like watching a crazy video for the very first time.
I spend 2 hours a week in an infrared sauna.
