American,Entertainer
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.
A vacation is having nothing to do and all day to do it in.
Time flies. It's up to you to be the navigator.
Do you ever get the feeling that the only reason we have elections is to find out if the polls were right?
Inflation is the crabgrass in your savings.
Humor starts like a wildfire, but then continues on, smoldering, smoldering for years.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
With my luck, if I ever invested in General Motors, they'd bust it to Corporal!
There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
In prehistoric times, mankind often had only two choices in crisis situations: fight or flee. In modern times, humor offers us a third alternative; fight, flee - or laugh.
Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
Planned obsolescence is not really a new concept. God used it with people.
Sometimes I get the feeling the whole world is against me, but deep down I know that's not true. Some of the smaller countries are neutral.
Love is so confusing - you tell a girl she looks great and what's the first thing you do? Turn out the lights!
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.
More than ever before, Americans are suffering from back problems: back taxes, back rent, back auto payments.
Spring is God's way of saying, 'One more time!'
Life was a lot simpler when what we honored was father and mother rather than all major credit cards.
Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
I got a Valentine's Day card from my girl. It said, 'Take my heart! Take my arms! Take my lips!' Which is just like her. Keeping the best part for herself.
Happiness is a very small desk and a very big wastebasket.
Do your kids a favor - don't have any.
