American,Entertainer
I knew I could control one thing, and that is my time and my hours and my effort and my efficiency.
I could lie and pretend that I hunt and camp, but that wouldn't be me. Clothes? Shopping? That's stuff I like!
Mine's a pretty simple strategy: there's not a lot of talent here, but there's a lot of hustle. I have to be in every place I can, and be busy.
The combination of a blazer over any T-shirt with a pair of jeans is foolproof.
When I was 10, 11, 12 years old, I would pretend to be on the radio. I bought a mixer and these big, ugly headphones and I would literally broadcast the cassette tapes in my bedroom.
I hope I can help guys come out and say, 'All right, dude, I got a manicure... and I liked it.'
Trust me, if I were gay I'd be getting more action than I'm getting now.
I am looking forward to being part of the E! team. This unique opportunity allows my company to take the next step in providing multimedia content.
I use every opportunity, whether on my radio show or on television, to break stereotypes.
It's in my blood to be on the radio every day. I've done it since I was 16 years old.
I work best inundated with things, when it's like raining information.
Everyone in showbiz is driven by ego, so how do you go from having loads of fame to working at 7-11? You can't do it!
I know a lot of gay males who I work with that are fantastic people and I love hanging out with them. But because I hang out and bring gay men into my life, does that mean that I'm gay? I promise you that I very much love women.
I've never done Botox in my life. But I've probably tried everything else under the sun.
Look, a lot of women would be turned off with hearing me say how hot I think Brad Pitt is! Know what I mean? So I probably don't help my cause.
Dick Clark is an American icon. I am honored that he has entrusted me with such a role in this national tradition.
We now have contestants who will not let anything get in their way of victory. Some contestants have thrown each other under the bus this season.
I always just wanted to be a cheesy guy on television.
In Hollywood it seems that you're considered gay until proven otherwise.
I've dated some women who have turned me on to some funny things that are strange for men to actually do, but these things have become part of my process. I think the things I do for my appearance help make me look better. I even colour my hair because I like how it makes me look.
People bring up my hair quite a bit. It's strategically tousled. The flatiron is the key.
I don't mind being the butt of the joke... It doesn't really bother me. I quite enjoy it.
I believe that one of the things I've tried to do is work hard and take the business very seriously.
I'm not used to a script.
I'm shy in my personal life.
Some people meet people in the grocery store, but I get my tomatoes and I'm out.
