American,Entertainer
Yes and, you know, I can't use the nice words anymore because I used to chicken out by using them. I used to call myself plus size, used to call myself chubby. I used to call myself overweight.
I was a prosecutor in Brooklyn in the homicide division and then as a senior assistant district attorney.
I can get whatever I want to eat and when you, you know, you forget to eat you sometimes pick up fast food.
I was in the middle of a crossroads, which is a nice way of saying crisis, physically, emotionally and spiritually. You know the physical part. We just talked about it.
I guess the President says the majority of the people didn't elect him, he doesn't have to listen to 'em anyway.
And I had this big, long list of what I wanted in a guy but I realized I didn't stack up to the list myself.
And I tried it and I felt, I guess I must have been pulled in by the red light of television and now I've been on TV since 1992.
Barbara did the selecting and that's probably the most brilliant thing was she put together a group of women, different backgrounds, different experiences.
I had started losing weight. I mean he didn't know anything about the journey that I was on at that point obviously but from my highest weight of just over 300 pounds I lost about 45 pounds.
I mean, on the television, I've got to continue to be Star Jones Reynolds. And I enjoy that. But in my real life, I'm a wife now. You can't really be bossy when you're married.
I realized that in those nine seasons I started out at about 225 pounds and I felt, you know, full figured fabulous woman but in those seasons I gained 75 pounds up to over 300 pounds all in front of the nation.
I think for a couple of years I was believing that I was doing it all on my own and I wasn't.
I want people to make the same choice I made to get healthy.
I want the big drama. I always said I don't want a wedding I want a parade.
I'm fairly in tune with what's private with my husband and with me.
In all honesty my cake was baking when I met Al - I had made up in my mind already to get physically healthy. He refreshingly was on his own journey so it was almost as if we walked together.
My dad taught me true words you have to use in every relationship. Yes, baby.
No, I don't want to exercise all the time. I still despise it, not at all.
No, you're not allowed to be bossy when you're married. You have to learn compromise, and compassion and patience.
Not really in all honesty because until you take control of your own health and go to your own doctor and have your own doctor tell you what's going to work for you.
Oh, definitely and you know you take the bitter with the sweet but the benefits far outweigh the burdens of what I've been able to do for my family, my word.
One day I actually took the list into the bathroom and I put it up against my face and looked in the mirror and I realized I had one of two choices, change the list or change myself.
Sometimes when, you know, God tries to correct you in private and if you don't catch it he'll correct you in public.
The toughest part was doing it in front of the world and recognizing that you had gotten to a point where if you didn't do something you were going to die.
This is the time that I really miss being in my courtroom because I believe that that's the last place in this country where there's supposed to be fairness.
We fight a lot, you know, but that's family. We may be dysfunctional but we're still family.
