Swiss,Psychologist
The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
When an inner situation is not made conscious, it appears outside as fate.
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity. The creative mind plays with the objects it loves.
A particularly beautiful woman is a source of terror. As a rule, a beautiful woman is a terrible disappointment.
The pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong.
There is no coming to consciousness without pain.
We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more.
We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
A human being would certainly not grow to be seventy or eighty years old if this longevity had no meaning for the species. The afternoon of human life must also have a significance of its own and cannot be merely a pitiful appendage to life's morning.
There is no such thing as a pure introvert or extrovert. Such a person would be in the lunatic asylum.
If one does not understand a person, one tends to regard him as a fool.
Just as we might take Darwin as an example of the normal extraverted thinking type, the normal introverted thinking type could be represented by Kant. The one speaks with facts, the other relies on the subjective factor. Darwin ranges over the wide field of objective reality, Kant restricts himself to a critique of knowledge.
Neurosis is always a substitute for legitimate suffering.
I have treated many hundreds of patients. Among those in the second half of life - that is to say, over 35 - there has not been one whose problem in the last resort was not that of finding a religious outlook on life.
Follow that will and that way which experience confirms to be your own.
The Christian missionary may preach the gospel to the poor naked heathen, but the spiritual heathen who populate Europe have as yet heard nothing of Christianity.
Everyone knows nowadays that people 'have complexes'. What is not so well known, though far more important theoretically, is that complexes can have us.
The Christ-symbol is of the greatest importance for psychology in so far as it is perhaps the most highly developed and differentiated symbol of the self, apart from the figure of the Buddha.
Man is not a machine that can be remodelled for quite other purposes as occasion demands, in the hope that it will go on functioning as regularly as before but in a quite different way. He carries his whole history with him; in his very structure is written the history of mankind.
We are in a far better position to observe instincts in animals or in primitives than in ourselves. This is due to the fact that we have grown accustomed to scrutinizing our own actions and to seeking rational explanations for them.
A psychoneurosis must be understood, ultimately, as the suffering of a soul which has not discovered its meaning.
We shall probably get nearest to the truth if we think of the conscious and personal psyche as resting upon the broad basis of an inherited and universal psychic disposition which is as such unconscious, and that our personal psyche bears the same relation to the collective psyche as the individual to society.
In the child, consciousness rises out of the depths of unconscious psychic life, at first like separate islands, which gradually unite to form a 'continent,' a continuous landmass of consciousness. Progressive mental development means, in effect, extension of consciousness.
We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learnt to bear its ills without being overcome by them.
Great talents are the most lovely and often the most dangerous fruits on the tree of humanity. They hang upon the most slender twigs that are easily snapped off.
The greatest and most important problems of life are all fundamentally insoluble. They can never be solved but only outgrown.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
Resistance to the organized mass can be effected only by the man who is as well organized in his individuality as the mass itself.
The wine of youth does not always clear with advancing years; sometimes it grows turbid.
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
In my case Pilgrim's Progress consisted in my having to climb down a thousand ladders until I could reach out my hand to the little clod of earth that I am.
A 'scream' is always just that - a noise and not music.
Sometimes, indeed, there is such a discrepancy between the genius and his human qualities that one has to ask oneself whether a little less talent might not have been better.
The most intense conflicts, if overcome, leave behind a sense of security and calm that is not easily disturbed. It is just these intense conflicts and their conflagration which are needed to produce valuable and lasting results.
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
