Czechoslovakian,Psychologist
The human psyche shows that each individual is an extension of all of existence.
There is no fundamental difference between the preparation for death and the practice of dying, and spiritual practice leading to enlightenment.
The psyche of the individual is commensurate with the totality of creative energy. This requires a most radical revision of Western psychology.
Freud said that we are born as a tabula rasa. This is a model that simply is too superficial and inadequate.
Dying before dying has two important consequences: It liberates the individual from the fear of death and influences the actual experience of dying at the time of biological demise.
In the kind of world we have today, transformation of humanity might well be our only real hope for survival.
The experiences associated with death were seen as visits to important dimensions of reality that deserved to be experienced, studied, and carefully mapped.
Whether or not we believe in survival of consciousness after death, reincarnation, and karma, it has very serious implications for our behavior.
A radical inner transformation and rise to a new level of consciousness might be the only real hope we have in the current global crisis brought on by the dominance of the Western mechanistic paradigm.
Each of us can manifest the properties of a field of consciousness that transcends space, time, and linear causality.
In some instances, the accuracy of past-life memories can be objectively verified, sometimes with remarkable detail.
For any culture which is primarily concerned with meaning, the study of death - the only certainty that life holds for us - must be central, for an understanding of death is the key to liberation in life.
When you read the psychedelic literature, there is a distinction between the so-called natural psychedelics and synthetic psychedelics that are artificially produced.
Walt Disney was my great hero.
Unlike scientism, science in the true sense of the word is open to unbiased investigation of any existing phenomena.
Traditional academic science describes human beings as highly developed animals and biological thinking machines. We appear to be Newtonian objects made of atoms, molecules, cells, tissues, and organs.
There is an urgent need for a radical revision of our current concepts of the nature of consciousness and its relationship to matter and the brain.
There are people who can start having very powerful experiences without taking psychedelics. It can happen against their will. This is a universal phenomenon.
The study of consciousness that can extend beyond the body is extremely important for the issue of survival, since it is this part of human personality that would be likely to survive death.
The new formula in physics describes humans as paradoxical beings who have two complementary aspects: They can show properties of Newtonian objects and also infinite fields of consciousness.
The motif of death plays an important role the human psyche in connection with archetypal and karmic material.
The materialistic paradigm of Western science has been a major obstacle for any objective evaluation of the data describing the events occurring at the time of death.
The knowledge of the realm of death makes it possible for the shaman to move freely back and forth and mediate these journeys for other people.
The elimination of the fear of death transforms the individual's way of being in the world.
The beliefs concerning reincarnation have great ethical impact on human life and our relationship to the world.
Research challenges the materialistic understanding of death, according to which biological death represents the final end of existence and of all conscious activity.
