Ghanaian,Statesman
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.
It has been said that arguing against globalization is like arguing against the laws of gravity.
Gender equality is more than a goal in itself. It is a precondition for meeting the challenge of reducing poverty, promoting sustainable development and building good governance.
More than ever before in human history, we share a common destiny. We can master it only if we face it together. And that, my friends, is why we have the United Nations.
On climate change, we often don't fully appreciate that it is a problem. We think it is a problem waiting to happen.
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.
In the 21st century, I believe the mission of the United Nations will be defined by a new, more profound awareness of the sanctity and dignity of every human life, regardless of race or religion.
We must ensure that the global market is embedded in broadly shared values and practices that reflect global social needs, and that all the world's people share the benefits of globalization.
In their greatest hour of need, the world failed the people of Rwanda.
Above all else, we need a reaffirmation of political commitment at the highest levels to reducing the dangers that arise both from existing nuclear weapons and from further proliferation.
There is no development strategy more beneficial to society as a whole - women and men alike - than the one which involves women as central players.
We have to choose between a global market driven only by calculations of short-term profit, and one which has a human face.
To live is to choose. But to choose well, you must know who you are and what you stand for, where you want to go and why you want to get there.
The Lord had the wonderful advantage of being able to work alone.
If we can come up with innovations and train young people to take on new jobs, and if we can switch to clean energy, I think we have the capacity to build this world not dependent on fossil-fuel. I think it will happen, and it won't destroy economy.
We cannot wait for governments to do it all. Globalization operates on Internet time. Governments tend to be slow moving by nature, because they have to build political support for every step.
We have the means and the capacity to deal with our problems, if only we can find the political will.
The United Nations, whose membership comprises almost all the states in the world, is founded on the principle of the equal worth of every human being.
What governments and people don't realise is that sometimes the collective interest - the international interest - is also the national interest.
We need to keep hope alive and strive to do better.
When economic conditions are difficult, people tend to be less generous and protect themselves; the question of solidarity doesn't mean much to them at that time.
Many African leaders refuse to send their troops on peace keeping missions abroad because they probably need their armies to intimidate their own populations.
More countries have understood that women's equality is a prerequisite for development.
Iraq has a new opportunity to comply with all these relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
The question is the morning after. What sort of Iraq do we wake up to after the bombing? What happens in the region? What impact could it have? These are questions leaders I have spoken to have posed.
If the United Nations does not attempt to chart a course for the world's people in the first decades of the new millennium, who will?
