Greek,Historian
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious.
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.
If a man insisted always on being serious, and never allowed himself a bit of fun and relaxation, he would go mad or become unstable without knowing it.
Men trust their ears less than their eyes.
If someone were to put a proposition before men bidding them choose, after examination, the best customs in the world, each nation would certainly select its own.
The only good is knowledge, and the only evil is ignorance.
Knowledge may give weight, but accomplishments give lustre, and many more people see than weigh.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
The most hateful human misfortune is for a wise man to have no influence.
God does not suffer presumption in anyone but himself.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
Force has no place where there is need of skill.
Death is a delightful hiding place for weary men.
In soft regions are born soft men.
He is the best man who, when making his plans, fears and reflects on everything that can happen to him, but in the moment of action is bold.
I am bound to tell what I am told, but not in every case to believe it.
The gods love to punish whatever is greater than the rest.
Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal; While others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting, at the last moment, more vigorous efforts than ever before.
But I like not these great success of yours; for I know how jealous are the gods.
A man calumniated is doubly injured - first by him who utters the calumny, and then by him who believes it.
The destiny of man is in his own soul.
It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.
The ears of men are lesser agents of belief than their eyes.
It is better by noble boldness to run the risk of being subject to half the evils we anticipate than to remain in cowardly listlessness for fear of what might happen.
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.
Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen at all. The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
