Greek,Poet
Happy is the man whom the Muses love: sweet speech flows from his mouth.
It is not possible either to trick or escape the mind of Zeus.
For a man wins nothing better than a good wife, and then again nothing deadlier than a bad one.
Work is no disgrace: it is idleness which is a disgrace.
Whoever has trusted a woman has trusted deceivers.
If you add a little to a little, and then do it again, soon that little shall be much.
Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn.
The man who does evil to another does evil to himself, and the evil counsel is most evil for him who counsels it.
A bad neighbor is as great a calamity as a good one is a great advantage.
Badness you can get easily, in quantity; the road is smooth, and it lies close by, But in front of excellence the immortal gods have put sweat, and long and steep is the way to it.
He is senseless who would match himself against a stronger man; for he is deprived of victory and adds suffering to disgrace.
The fool knows after he's suffered.
We know how to speak many falsehoods that resemble real things, but we know, when we will, how to speak true things.
Often even a whole city suffers for a bad man who sins and contrives presumptuous deeds.
So the people will pay the penalty for their kings' presumption, who, by devising evil, turn justice from her path with tortuous speech.
Toil is no source of shame; idleness is shame.
Mortals grow swiftly in misfortune.
Admire a small ship, but put your freight in a large one; for the larger the load, the greater will be the profit upon profit.
It will not always be summer; build barns.
Observe due measure, for right timing is in all things the most important factor.
When you deal with your brother, be pleasant, but get a witness.
Preserve the mean; the opportune moment is best in all things.
But they who give straight judgements to strangers and to those of the land and do not transgress what is just, for them the city flourishes and its people prosper.
It is best to do things systematically, since we are only human, and disorder is our worst enemy.
The best is he who calls men to the best. And those who heed the call are also blessed. But worthless who call not, heed not, but rest.
Acquisition means life to miserable mortals.
