Greek,Businessman
Pizza is no longer on my diet.
I started in the supermarket business in the early '70s. And by '75, '76, I realized you don't have a business unless you own the real estate.
Material things don't matter.
I'm a visionary. I'm not a maintenance person.
Americans like buying American vs. buying from Chavez or buying from the Middle East.
The reason I grew so fast in the supermarket business, without help of the banks in those days, was through my vendors. I convinced my vendors, the companies I was doing business with, if I did more business, they would do more business.
It seems everyone knows the value of a cantaloupe or a quart of milk.
Grocery stores can't afford to pay $80 a square foot. At that rate, we are going out of business.
I'm a New York businessman.
I'm the same businessman Donald Trump is.
Anytime you cut food stamps, it naturally affects sales. People spend less.
It will be almost impossible for any other candidate to raise the money that the Clintons can raise.
I think New York is destined to have a Democratic mayor, and I want Freddy Ferrer to be that mayor.
When the commodities go up and the cost of transportation is going up, and the value of the dollar is going down, it's all going to translate to an 8 to 10 percent rise in food prices.
What transpired at Semgroup was no less than a $500 billion fraud on the people of the world.
The media doesn't always reflect reality.
As mayor, I would support law enforcement, not knock it down.
We have to draw the line someplace with all the pesticides being used by the farmers.
The Fresh Direct model doesn't work.
What's worse than getting divorced?
Nobody destroys people - people destroy themselves, and it's very, very sad.
There are two New Yorks - Manhattan and everything else. I'm a Manhattanite. I feel sorry for those people who aren't.
One mentor I had taught me that people do what you inspect, not necessarily what you expect. In other words, if nobody is watching, there will be some slack off.
I put $5 million into the real-estate business when the world was coming to an end, and three years later, by 1980, I woke up and was worth a hundred. That's a lot of money back then.
I believe business has to do well and that the surrounding communities do well.
I promoted myself as a fusion ticket. I was running as a Republican liberal.
While in my late teens and in my 20s, I worked seven days a week, 20 hours a day. I worked my tail off.
I love people. I enjoy people.
I'm tough, but I have a heart.
I made a ton of money.
I believe that all people that are successful should pay back their cities, their states, their towns, our country.
I have a love factor with the minorities.
Am I a Republican? Yes. Am I a Democrat? Yes. Am I a conservative? Yes. Am I a liberal? Yes.
People tell me, 'You better lose weight if you want to run for mayor.' I said, 'I got the Chris Christie look.'
