Greek,Politician
Greece is at a crucial crossroads. The choices that are made and the policies that are enforced will have a decisive impact on the wellbeing of Greeks. The way forward will not be easy but the problems can be solved, and will be solved, if there is unity, co-operation and consensus.
I am not a politician but I have dedicated the biggest part of my professional life to economic policy both in Greece and Europe.
The financial crisis in our country is not a passing storm. Given the size of the problems, our national effort will not be completed in 2012. It will take many years and will require the efforts and insistence of several governments.
Governments cannot assume or expect that the ECB will always facilitate their funding independently of the achievement of their fiscal and other policy objectives.
More cuts were needed to avoid exiting the eurozone.
The participation of our country in the eurozone is a guarantee for the country's monetary stability. It is a driver of financial prosperity.
A very difficult year is ahead of us. We must continue our efforts with decisiveness, to stay in the euro, to make sure we do not waste the sacrifices and do not turn the crisis into an uncontrolled and disastrous bankruptcy.
Our membership of the euro is a guarantee of monetary stability and creates the right conditions for sustainable growth. Our membership of the euro is the only choice.
The ECB's interventions in sovereign bond markets should not be perceived or interpreted as a 'freebie' for governments. They are temporary.
Dealing with Greece's problems will be more difficult if Greece is not a member of the eurozone.
And judging what is appropriate or not appropriate for a country, I think it is important in particular in judging what is the appropriate economic policy framework, one should take into account the overall political environment and the institutional framework within which economic policy operates.
My job will not be easy but I am convinced the problems will be solved in a quicker and more efficient way if there is unity and consensus.
Our position in Europe is not negotiable. The Greek people will defend it by all means. But participation in the euro involves rules and obligations, which we must consistently meet. Greece belongs to Europe and Europe cannot be envisaged without Greece.
I think it's often discussed that leaving the Euro is an option for Greece. I think this is really not an option.
So it won't be a surprise when the Greek default actually happens and we expect it one way or the other to be relatively soon.
Our eurozone partners have made it clear: The choice is between staying in or getting out of the eurozone.
I thank all of those deputies who supported the government and gave it a vote of confidence. I believe each of those votes represents a responsible decision to avoid placing our country's membership of the eurozone in danger.
I take office during the most difficult moment in the country's recent history. The country can be saved - it's up to us. I think it is obvious for those who support this government to undertake the commitment and ensure that our country's euro membership is not endangered.
The new co-operation government will do the best it can to address the country's problems, and I believe that with the co-operation of all - and the new government stresses this - and the unity of all, we will achieve that.
The government is determined to continue the process of fiscal consolidation and structural reform in order to secure sound public finances and improve the country's international competitiveness.
Greece could default on its debts and even exit currency bloc if it cannot deliver reforms.
I think achieving a higher fiscal stability is also a very important condition for restoring an environment which is conducive to growth.
We must all assume out responsibilities to take the country forward.
I think the gains to be achieved by a combination of reforms and labor market adjustments are going to be more permanent and will provide a basis for reducing unemployment and improving export performance, and sustaining growth, in a way that is more sound and permanent.
I think the facts reveal that the European partners have taken extraordinary measures to help Greece address its problems.
I am personally convinced - and I think the Greek people share this belief in a fundamental way - that we can achieve fiscal consolidation more effectively and we can restore competitiveness in a more fundamental and permanent way within the euro area than outside.
