Greek,Writer
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darkness.
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.
A person needs a little madness, or else they never dare cut the rope and be free.
Everything in this world has a hidden meaning.
Happiness is a simple everyday miracle, like water, and we are not aware of it.
True teachers use themselves as bridges over which they invite their students to cross; then, having facilitated their crossing, joyfully collapse, encouraging them to create bridges of their own.
Every perfect traveler always creates the country where he travels.
We come from a dark abyss, we end in a dark abyss, and we call the luminous interval life.
Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive.
My entire soul is a cry, and all my work is a commentary on that cry.
When everything goes wrong, what a joy to test your soul and see if it has endurance and courage. An invisible and all-powerful enemy - some call him God, others the Devil, seem to rush upon us to destroy us; but we are not destroyed.
One of man's greatest obligations is anger.
I knew that no matter what door you knock on in a Cretan village, it will be opened for you. A meal will be served in your honor, and you will sleep between the best sheets in the house. In Crete, the stranger is still the unknown god. Before him, all doors and all hearts are opened.
Nothing is nearer to us than heaven. The earth is beneath our feet, and we tread upon it, but heaven is within us.
Tell me what you do with the food you eat, and I'll tell you who you are. Some turn their food into fat and manure, some into work and good humour, and others, I'm told, into God. So there must be three sorts of men.
Life is trouble. Only death is not. To be alive is to unfasten your belt and look for a fight.
The struggle between God and man breaks out in everyone, together with the longing for reconciliation... God does not love weak souls and flabby flesh. The spirit desires to wrestle with flesh which is strong and full of resistance. It is a carnivorous bird which is incessantly hungry; it eats flesh and, by assimilating it, makes it disappear.
The nonexistent is whatever we have not sufficiently desired.
What a miracle life is and how alike are all souls when they send their roots down deep and meet and are one!
May God forgive me, but the letters of the alphabet frighten me terribly. They are sly, shameless demons - and dangerous! You open the inkwell, release them; they run off - and how will you ever get control of them again!
The masses do not see the Sirens. They do not hear songs in the air. Blind, deaf, stooping, they pull at their oars in the hold of the earth. But the more select, the captains, harken to a Siren within them... and royally squander their lives with her.
Life is a crusade in the service of God. Whether we wished to or not, we set out as crusaders to free - not the Holy Sepulcher - but that God buried in matter and in our souls.
That part of Christ's nature which was profoundly human helps us to understand him and love him and to pursue his Passion as though it were our own. If he had not within him this warm human element, he would never be able to touch our hearts with such assurance and tenderness; he would not be able to become a model for our lives.
I fight to embrace the entire circle of human activity to the full extent of my ability.
