Greek,Philosopher
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance.
Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil.
Dictatorship naturally arises out of democracy, and the most aggravated form of tyranny and slavery out of the most extreme liberty.
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
A hero is born among a hundred, a wise man is found among a thousand, but an accomplished one might not be found even among a hundred thousand men.
This City is what it is because our citizens are what they are.
There will be no end to the troubles of states, or of humanity itself, till philosophers become kings in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers, and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands.
Love is a serious mental disease.
People are like dirt. They can either nourish you and help you grow as a person or they can stunt your growth and make you wilt and die.
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.
The measure of a man is what he does with power.
Wonder is the feeling of the philosopher, and philosophy begins in wonder.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
Knowledge is true opinion.
The excessive increase of anything causes a reaction in the opposite direction.
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns.
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
There is no harm in repeating a good thing.
Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
To prefer evil to good is not in human nature; and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less.
The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery.
The good is the beautiful.
Injustice is censured because the censures are afraid of suffering, and not from any fear which they have of doing injustice.
Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens.
Man is a wingless animal with two feet and flat nails.
Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
The punishment which the wise suffer who refuse to take part in the government, is to live under the government of worse men.
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.
Democracy... is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder; and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequals alike.
It is right to give every man his due.
The blame is his who chooses: God is blameless.
We do not learn; and what we call learning is only a process of recollection.
No one is a friend to his friend who does not love in return.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul? Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul.
They certainly give very strange names to diseases.
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master.
As the builders say, the larger stones do not lie well without the lesser.
The eyes of the soul of the multitudes are unable to endure the vision of the divine.
Entire ignorance is not so terrible or extreme an evil, and is far from being the greatest of all; too much cleverness and too much learning, accompanied with ill bringing-up, are far more fatal.
Courage is a kind of salvation.
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so.
Philosophy is the highest music.
The highest reach of injustice is to be deemed just when you are not.
Science is nothing but perception.
All things will be produced in superior quantity and quality, and with greater ease, when each man works at a single occupation, in accordance with his natural gifts, and at the right moment, without meddling with anything else.
How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another in the waking state?
Necessity... the mother of invention.
Death is not the worst that can happen to men.
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
The curse of me and my nation is that we always think things can be bettered by immediate action of some sort, any sort rather than no sort.
Those who intend on becoming great should love neither themselves nor their own things, but only what is just, whether it happens to be done by themselves or others.
Nothing can be more absurd than the practice that prevails in our country of men and women not following the same pursuits with all their strengths and with one mind, for thus, the state instead of being whole is reduced to half.
When the mind is thinking it is talking to itself.
It is a common saying, and in everybody's mouth, that life is but a sojourn.
Democracy passes into despotism.
Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation.
Excess generally causes reaction, and produces a change in the opposite direction, whether it be in the seasons, or in individuals, or in governments.
The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself; to be conquered by yourself is of all things most shameful and vile.
The wisest have the most authority.
Any man may easily do harm, but not every man can do good to another.
The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.
When there is an income tax, the just man will pay more and the unjust less on the same amount of income.
For the introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling the whole state; since styles of music are never disturbed without affecting the most important political institutions.
If particulars are to have meaning, there must be universals.
No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.
I would fain grow old learning many things.
It is clear to everyone that astronomy at all events compels the soul to look upwards, and draws it from the things of this world to the other.
The god of love lives in a state of need. It is a need. It is an urge. It is a homeostatic imbalance. Like hunger and thirst, it's almost impossible to stamp out.
Ignorance of all things is an evil neither terrible nor excessive, nor yet the greatest of all; but great cleverness and much learning, if they be accompanied by a bad training, are a much greater misfortune.
Know one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.
Wealth is well known to be a great comforter.
There's a victory, and defeat; the first and best of victories, the lowest and worst of defeats which each man gains or sustains at the hands not of another, but of himself.
No trace of slavery ought to mix with the studies of the freeborn man. No study, pursued under compulsion, remains rooted in the memory.
One man cannot practice many arts with success.
States are as the men, they grow out of human characters.
Philosophy begins in wonder.
Virtue is relative to the actions and ages of each of us in all that we do.
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.
The rulers of the state are the only persons who ought to have the privilege of lying, either at home or abroad; they may be allowed to lie for the good of the state.
When men speak ill of thee, live so as nobody may believe them.
Poets utter great and wise things which they do not themselves understand.
There must always remain something that is antagonistic to good.
Our object in the construction of the state is the greatest happiness of the whole, and not that of any one class.
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.
He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.
Man never legislates, but destinies and accidents, happening in all sorts of ways, legislate in all sorts of ways.
Then not only custom, but also nature affirms that to do is more disgraceful than to suffer injustice, and that justice is equality.
No law or ordinance is mightier than understanding.
The community which has neither poverty nor riches will always have the noblest principles.
Then not only an old man, but also a drunkard, becomes a second time a child.
To be sure I must; and therefore I may assume that your silence gives consent.
We ought to fly away from earth to heaven as quickly as we can; and to fly away is to become like God, as far as this is possible; and to become like him is to become holy, just, and wise.
No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern.
Excess of liberty, whether it lies in state or individuals, seems only to pass into excess of slavery.
To go to the world below, having a soul which is like a vessel full of injustice, is the last and worst of all the evils.
Not to help justice in her need would be an impiety.
I exhort you also to take part in the great combat, which is the combat of life, and greater than every other earthly conflict.
Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?
Whatever deceives men seems to produce a magical enchantment.
There is no such thing as a lovers' oath.
Hardly any human being is capable of pursuing two professions or two arts rightly.
He who steals a little steals with the same wish as he who steals much, but with less power.
A state arises, as I conceive, out of the needs of mankind; no one is self-sufficing, but all of us have many wants.
When a Benefit is wrongly conferred, the author of the Benefit may often be said to injure.
Truth is the beginning of every good to the gods, and of every good to man.
The gods' service is tolerable, man's intolerable.
