Greek,Mathematician
There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.
Silence is better than unmeaning words.
Above the cloud with its shadow is the star with its light. Above all things reverence thyself.
The oldest, shortest words - 'yes' and 'no' - are those which require the most thought.
There is a good principle which created order, light, and man, and an evil principle which created chaos, darkness, and woman.
Choose rather to be strong of soul than strong of body.
As long as man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other.
No one is free who has not obtained the empire of himself.
Rest satisfied with doing well, and leave others to talk of you as they will.
Friends are as companions on a journey, who ought to aid each other to persevere in the road to a happier life.
It is better wither to be silent, or to say things of more value than silence. Sooner throw a pearl at hazard than an idle or useless word; and do not say a little in many words, but a great deal in a few.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
A thought is an idea in transit.
Concern should drive us into action and not into a depression. No man is free who cannot control himself.
Reason is immortal, all else mortal.
Beans have a soul.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.
Strength of mind rests in sobriety; for this keeps your reason unclouded by passion.
Virtue is harmony.
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few.
The most momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.
Do not talk a little on many subjects, but much on a few.
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.
Begin thus from the first act, and proceed; and, in conclusion, at the ill which thou hast done, be troubled, and rejoice for the good.
