Greek,Poet
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
I would prefer even to fail with honor than win by cheating.
Children are the anchors that hold a mother to life.
Always desire to learn something useful.
Success is dependent on effort.
There is no success without hardship.
Men of ill judgment ignore the good that lies within their hands, till they have lost it.
Who seeks shall find.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love.
To be doing good deeds is man's most glorious task.
If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: 'Thou shalt not ration justice.'
Foolishness is indeed the sister of wickedness.
There is no witness so terrible and no accuser so powerful as conscience which dwells within us.
A word does not frighten the man who, in acting, feels no fear.
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
Things gained through unjust fraud are never secure.
There is no sense in crying over spilt milk. Why bewail what is done and cannot be recalled?
Without labor nothing prospers.
A human being is only breath and shadow.
One who knows how to show and to accept kindness will be a friend better than any possession.
There is no greater evil than anarchy.
Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all.
Silence is an ornament for women.
The keenest sorrow is to recognize ourselves as the sole cause of all our adversities.
You win the victory when you yield to friends.
I see the state of all of us who live, nothing more than phantoms or a weightless shadow.
A wise man does not chatter with one whose mind is sick.
But this is a true saying among men: the gifts of enemies are no gifts and profitless.
Not knowing anything is the sweetest life.
Don't you know that silence supports the accuser's charge?
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink.
Whoever thinks that he alone has speech, or possesses speech or mind above others, when unfolded such men are seen to be empty.
Whoever grows angry amid troubles applies a drug worse than the disease and is a physician unskilled about misfortunes.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Alas, how quickly the gratitude owed to the dead flows off, how quick to be proved a deceiver.
Fortune cannot aid those who do nothing.
If it were possible to cure evils by lamentation and to raise the dead with tears, then gold would be a less valuable thing than weeping.
Not even Ares battles against necessity.
I see that all of us who live are nothing but images or insubstantial shadow.
No treaty is ever an impediment to a cheat.
It is terrible to speak well and be wrong.
No enemy is worse than bad advice.
There is nothing more hateful than bad advice.
No speech can stain what is noble by nature.
Much speech is one thing, well-timed speech is another.
Reason is God's crowning gift to man.
Bear up, my child, bear up; Zeus who oversees and directs all things is still mighty in heaven.
All is disgust when a man leaves his own nature and does what is unfit.
Do not grieve yourself too much for those you hate, nor yet forget them utterly.
When a man has lost all happiness, he's not alive. Call him a breathing corpse.
Money is the worst currency that ever grew among mankind. This sacks cities, this drives men from their homes, this teaches and corrupts the worthiest minds to turn base deeds.
It was my care to make my life illustrious not by words more than by deeds.
There is a point at which even justice does injury.
Reverence does not die with mortals, nor does it perish whether they live or die.
War never takes a wicked man by chance, the good man always.
Deem no man happy until he passes the end of his life without suffering grief.
To give birth is a fearsome thing; there is no hating the child one has borne even when injured by it.
Trust dies but mistrust blossoms.
There is no greater evil for men than the constraint of fortune.
The rewards of virtue alone abide secure.
Wisdom outweighs any wealth.
How dreadful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in the truth.
To him who is in fear everything rustles.
For the dead there are no more toils.
In a just cause the weak will beat the strong.
The gods plant reason in mankind, of all good gifts the highest.
Much wisdom often goes with fewest words.
Best to live lightly, unthinkingly.
It is the merit of a general to impart good news, and to conceal the truth.
There are some who praise a man free from disease; to me no man who is poor seems free from disease but to be constantly sick.
There is some pleasure even in words, when they bring forgetfulness of present miseries.
I would rather miss the mark acting well than win the day acting basely.
For the wretched one night is like a thousand; for someone faring well death is just one more night.
Not all things are to be discovered; many are better concealed.
A wise doctor does not mutter incantations over a sore that needs the knife.
How sweet for those faring badly to forget their misfortunes even for a short time.
The oaths of a woman I inscribe on water.
Those whose life is long still strive for gain, and for all mortals all things take second place to money.
Men should pledge themselves to nothing; for reflection makes a liar of their resolution.
Evil counsel travels fast.
Despair often breeds disease.
Men may know many things by seeing; but no prophet can see before the event, nor what end waits for him.
Whoever neglects the arts when he is young has lost the past and is dead to the future.
Whoever understands how to do a kindness when he fares well would be a friend better than any possession.
A day lays low and lifts up again all human things.
Every man can see things far off but is blind to what is near.
If one begins all deeds well, it is likely that they will end well too.
Now I see that going out into the testing ground of men it is the tongue and not the deed that wins the day.
It is best to live however one can be.
It is the task of a good man to help those in misfortune.
Hush! Check those words. Do not cure ill with ill and make your pain still heavier than it is.
Evil gains work their punishment.
No man loves the bearer of bad tidings.
Better not to exist than live basely.
When trouble ends even troubles please.
If my body is enslaved, still my mind is free.
For those whose wit becomes the mother of villainy, those it educates to be evil in all things.
A soul that is kind and intends justice discovers more than any sophist.
It's a terrible thing to speak well and be wrong.
What house, bloated with luxury, ever became prosperous without a woman's excellence?
No one who errs unwillingly is evil.
It is a base thing for a man among the people not to obey those in command. Never in a state can the laws be well administered when fear does not stand firm.
Whoever gets up and comes to grips with Love like a boxer is a fool.
Whoever thinks his friend more important than his country, I rate him nowhere.
For shameful deeds are taught by shameful deeds.
Man is not constituted to take pleasure in the same things always.
But whoever gives birth to useless children, what would you say of him except that he has bred sorrows for himself, and furnishes laughter for his enemies.
It's impossible to speak what it is not noble to do.
For death is not the worst, but when one wants to die and is not able even to have that.
You should not consider a man's age but his acts.
To live without evil belongs only to the gods.
A state is not a state if it belongs to one man.
Fortune raises up and fortune brings low both the man who fares well and the one who fares badly; and there is no prophet of the future for mortal men.
