English,Environmentalist
Coral reefs represent some of the world's most spectacular beauty spots, but they are also the foundation of marine life: without them many of the sea's most exquisite species will not survive.
My daughter is a real migraine sufferer; the minute she has a handful of Haribo sweets, she gets a headache. There's a connection between what the liver can't break down with what goes on to trigger a headache. You just have to be aware.
With approximately 75 per cent of our rubbish generated by packaging, a few simple steps - buying loose fruit and veg, choosing products with recyclable packaging, and avoiding individually wrapped portions - can have a big impact.
My vegetable patch is my pride and joy.
Conservation is key to preserving many of the world's natural beauty spots, so do your best to help by keeping to designated footpaths and being a discerning souvenir collector.
Putting even one thing in your shopping basket that's locally produced or organic makes all the difference. It's a vote for the future, for animal welfare, for the environment, for your children's children.
Over the years, the diamond industry has had a devastating impact in countries such as Sierra Leone, Angola and the Congo, where profits from the sale of diamonds have been used to fund brutal wars, with disastrous effects on local communities.
If you are energy-efficient and water-wise at home, then take all your good habits abroad with you.
Somehow, a scrubbed house spells a fresh start.
I love judging food by its smell and feel and taste. The healthiest tomato isn't always the perfect one that's been covered in pesticides.
I'm a mother, and my life is very full.
Pets inspire many different types of behaviour in their owners, mostly ranging from adoration to ridiculous obsessiveness, in my experience.
If you're trying to cut down the distance travelled from the farm to your plate, it makes sense to do the same for your pet. If we all shifted our bias towards sustainable pet food, we would be helping more than just our faithful friends.
When I'm in London, I get a veggie-box sent up every week, with the latest pickings.
The flavour of something fresh out of the ground is 10 times better than something that's been flown halfway across the world.
I want to know where my food comes from and the conditions in which it's grown. I also want to embrace traditional British produce, and seasonality.
Reducing and reusing take nothing more than a rethink on the way we shop, and using our imagination with the things that we might once have considered junk.
Gadgets - our houses are filled with them: ones we need, ones we think we need, and others that were a good idea at the time, but have never made it out of their boxes.
The planet's environmental woes tend to be overlooked as we scramble for the latest high-tech gizmos - and conveniently ignore their energy consumption.
A long, hot bath is a real treat. But from a 'green' point of view, that's probably what it should be: an occasional treat.
If you really want to help make a difference while getting a true travel experience, consider a community-run trip.
Despite my love affair with skyscraper heels, luckily for my feet I rarely wear them - preferring, instead, the comfort and child-handling practicalities of a pair of trainers.
It's quite amazing to me, as I walk around a supermarket or a health food shop, to observe the number of Fairtrade choices: not just staples such as coffee, tea, fresh fruits and rice, but cocoa and chocolate, herbs and spices, honey, ice cream, and jams.
Consuming less means throwing away less, while reusing things actually helps to save the planet as well as the pennies.
It is possible to do many household cleaning tasks by simply using ingredients from the store cupboard, which are also safer for the environment.
The citric acid in lemon juice makes it perfect for bleaching, disinfecting and cutting through grease. And olive oil is a great alternative to furniture polish.
