English,Philosopher
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything.
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain.
Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
I owe my solitude to other people.
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Zen does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes.
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention.
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself.
A myth is an image in terms of which we try to make sense of the world.
Reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know.
The reason we have poverty is that we have no imagination. There are a great many people accumulating what they think is vast wealth, but it's only money... they don't know how to enjoy it, because they have no imagination.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Omnipotence is not knowing how everything is done; it's just doing it.
You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.
The style of God venerated in the church, mosque, or synagogue seems completely different from the style of the natural universe.
The myths underlying our culture and underlying our common sense have not taught us to feel identical with the universe, but only parts of it, only in it, only confronting it - aliens.
So the bodhisattva saves all beings, not by preaching sermons to them, but by showing them that they are delivered, they are liberated, by the act of not being able to stop changing.
In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
What the devil is the point of surviving, going on living, when it's a drag? But you see, that's what people do.
