German,Philosopher
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed.
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone, and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom, for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind; the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom.
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong; when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.
Every person takes the limits of their own field of vision for the limits of the world.
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants.
In the sphere of thought, absurdity and perversity remain the masters of the world, and their dominion is suspended only for brief periods.
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.
It is a clear gain to sacrifice pleasure in order to avoid pain.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
Almost all of our sorrows spring out of our relations with other people.
I've never known any trouble than an hour's reading didn't assuage.
Rascals are always sociable, more's the pity! and the chief sign that a man has any nobility in his character is the little pleasure he takes in others' company.
Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection.
The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him.
Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else's head instead of with one's own.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Compassion is the basis of morality.
Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors.
There is no absurdity so palpable but that it may be firmly planted in the human head if you only begin to inculcate it before the age of five, by constantly repeating it with an air of great solemnity.
Nature shows that with the growth of intelligence comes increased capacity for pain, and it is only with the highest degree of intelligence that suffering reaches its supreme point.
Wicked thoughts and worthless efforts gradually set their mark on the face, especially the eyes.
Because people have no thoughts to deal in, they deal cards, and try and win one another's money. Idiots!
The word of man is the most durable of all material.
It is with trifles, and when he is off guard, that a man best reveals his character.
If you want to know your true opinion of someone, watch the effect produced in you by the first sight of a letter from him.
As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself.
It is in the treatment of trifles that a person shows what they are.
The fundament upon which all our knowledge and learning rests is the inexplicable.
To find out your real opinion of someone, judge the impression you have when you first see a letter from them.
Politeness is to human nature what warmth is to wax.
The wise have always said the same things, and fools, who are the majority have always done just the opposite.
The longer a man's fame is likely to last, the longer it will be in coming.
Obstinacy is the result of the will forcing itself into the place of the intellect.
Newspapers are the second hand of history. This hand, however, is usually not only of inferior metal to the other hands, it also seldom works properly.
To free a person from error is to give, and not to take away.
The greatest achievements of the human mind are generally received with distrust.
For an author to write as he speaks is just as reprehensible as the opposite fault, to speak as he writes; for this gives a pedantic effect to what he says, and at the same time makes him hardly intelligible.
Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.
It is only a man's own fundamental thoughts that have truth and life in them. For it is these that he really and completely understands. To read the thoughts of others is like taking the remains of someone else's meal, like putting on the discarded clothes of a stranger.
It is only at the first encounter that a face makes its full impression on us.
The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness.
We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success.
Honor means that a man is not exceptional; fame, that he is. Fame is something which must be won; honor, only something which must not be lost.
The first forty years of life give us the text; the next thirty supply the commentary on it.
Wealth is like sea-water; the more we drink, the thirstier we become; and the same is true of fame.
National character is only another name for the particular form which the littleness, perversity and baseness of mankind take in every country. Every nation mocks at other nations, and all are right.
Suffering by nature or chance never seems so painful as suffering inflicted on us by the arbitrary will of another.
Music is the melody whose text is the world.
It's the niceties that make the difference fate gives us the hand, and we play the cards.
Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life.
Every nation ridicules other nations, and all are right.
Every possession and every happiness is but lent by chance for an uncertain time, and may therefore be demanded back the next hour.
The man never feels the want of what it never occurs to him to ask for.
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost.
The brain may be regarded as a kind of parasite of the organism, a pensioner, as it were, who dwells with the body.
