French,Philosopher
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.
Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all; if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists.
Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.
Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.
Love has reasons which reason cannot understand.
We view things not only from different sides, but with different eyes; we have no wish to find them alike.
The sensitivity of men to small matters, and their indifference to great ones, indicates a strange inversion.
Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it.
Words differently arranged have a different meaning, and meanings differently arranged have different effects.
The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing.
Justice and power must be brought together, so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just.
There are only two kinds of men: the righteous who think they are sinners and the sinners who think they are righteous.
The finite is annihilated in the presence of the infinite, and becomes a pure nothing. So our spirit before God, so our justice before divine justice.
We sail within a vast sphere, ever drifting in uncertainty, driven from end to end.
Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.
If we must not act save on a certainty, we ought not to act on religion, for it is not certain. But how many things we do on an uncertainty, sea voyages, battles!
Jesus is the God whom we can approach without pride and before whom we can humble ourselves without despair.
The supreme function of reason is to show man that some things are beyond reason.
There are two kinds of people one can call reasonable: those who serve God with all their heart because they know him, and those who seek him with all their heart because they do not know him.
Justice and truth are too such subtle points that our tools are too blunt to touch them accurately.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me.
The strength of a man's virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts.
It is the heart which perceives God and not the reason. That is what faith is: God perceived by the heart, not by the reason.
We never love a person, but only qualities.
The weather and my mood have little connection. I have my foggy and my fine days within me; my prosperity or misfortune has little to do with the matter.
Thus so wretched is man that he would weary even without any cause for weariness... and so frivolous is he that, though full of a thousand reasons for weariness, the least thing, such as playing billiards or hitting a ball, is sufficient enough to amuse him.
The immortality of the soul is a matter which is of so great consequence to us and which touches us so profoundly that we must have lost all feeling to be indifferent about it.
Concupiscence and force are the source of all our actions; concupiscence causes voluntary actions, force involuntary ones.
The greatness of man is great in that he knows himself to be wretched. A tree does not know itself to be wretched.
Evil is easy, and has infinite forms.
Reason commands us far more imperiously than a master; for in disobeying the one we are unfortunate, and in disobeying the other we are fools.
To have no time for philosophy is to be a true philosopher.
The charm of fame is so great that we like every object to which it is attached, even death.
It is the fight alone that pleases us, not the victory.
Happiness is neither without us nor within us. It is in God, both without us and within us.
All of our reasoning ends in surrender to feeling.
Nothing gives rest but the sincere search for truth.
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons. Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves.
If all men knew what others say of them, there would not be four friends in the world.
Nothing is as approved as mediocrity, the majority has established it and it fixes its fangs on whatever gets beyond it either way.
Men are so necessarily mad, that not to be mad would amount to another form of madness.
We run carelessly to the precipice, after we have put something before us to prevent us seeing it.
A trifle consoles us, for a trifle distresses us.
I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable to sit still in a room.
Even those who write against fame wish for the fame of having written well, and those who read their works desire the fame of having read them.
We only consult the ear because the heart is wanting.
Imagination decides everything.
The consciousness of the falsity of present pleasures, and the ignorance of the vanity of absent pleasures, cause inconstancy.
The present letter is a very long one, simply because I had no leisure to make it shorter.
Earnestness is enthusiasm tempered by reason.
Vanity is but the surface.
The gospel to me is simply irresistible.
Two things control men's nature, instinct and experience.
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back.
Men blaspheme what they do not know.
He that takes truth for his guide, and duty for his end, may safely trust to God's providence to lead him aright.
There are some who speak well and write badly. For the place and the audience warm them, and draw from their minds more than they think of without that warmth.
The last proceeding of reason is to recognize that there is an infinity of things which are beyond it. There is nothing so conformable to reason as this disavowal of reason.
Our nature consists in motion; complete rest is death.
Custom is our nature. What are our natural principles but principles of custom?
Desire and force between them are responsible for all our actions; desire causes our voluntary acts, force our involuntary.
Continuous eloquence wearies. Grandeur must be abandoned to be appreciated. Continuity in everything is unpleasant. Cold is agreeable, that we may get warm.
Faith is different from proof; the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God.
Too much and too little wine. Give him none, he cannot find truth; give him too much, the same.
Faith embraces many truths which seem to contradict each other.
We conceal it from ourselves in vain - we must always love something. In those matters seemingly removed from love, the feeling is secretly to be found, and man cannot possibly live for a moment without it.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.
Faith certainly tells us what the senses do not, but not the contrary of what they see; it is above, not against them.
Law, without force, is impotent.
Nothing is so intolerable to man as being fully at rest, without a passion, without business, without entertainment, without care.
Men despise religion. They hate it and are afraid it may be true.
Vanity of science. Knowledge of physical science will not console me for ignorance of morality in time of affliction, but knowledge of morality will always console me for ignorance of physical science.
One must know oneself. If this does not serve to discover truth, it at least serves as a rule of life and there is nothing better.
When we see a natural style, we are astonished and charmed; for we expected to see an author, and we find a person.
If we examine our thoughts, we shall find them always occupied with the past and the future.
The struggle alone pleases us, not the victory.
The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him.
All human evil comes from a single cause, man's inability to sit still in a room.
That we must love one God only is a thing so evident that it does not require miracles to prove it.
If our condition were truly happy, we would not seek diversion from it in order to make ourselves happy.
If you gain, you gain all. If you lose, you lose nothing. Wager then, without hesitation, that He exists.
Faith indeed tells what the senses do not tell, but not the contrary of what they see. It is above them and not contrary to them.
The greater intellect one has, the more originality one finds in men. Ordinary persons find no difference between men.
It is incomprehensible that God should exist, and it is incomprehensible that he should not exist.
The self is hateful.
People are generally better persuaded by the reasons which they have themselves discovered than by those which have come in to the mind of others.
Man's true nature being lost, everything becomes his nature; as, his true good being lost, everything becomes his good.
Justice is what is established; and thus all our established laws will necessarily be regarded as just without examination, since they are established.
Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree.
It is natural for the mind to believe and for the will to love; so that, for want of true objects, they must attach themselves to false.
I can well conceive a man without hands, feet, head. But I cannot conceive man without thought; he would be a stone or a brute.
The last act is bloody, however pleasant all the rest of the play is: a little earth is thrown at last upon our head, and that is the end forever.
Between us and heaven or hell there is only life, which is the frailest thing in the world.
Chance gives rise to thoughts, and chance removes them; no art can keep or acquire them.
Nothing fortifies scepticism more than the fact that there are some who are not sceptics; if all were so, they would be wrong.
We like security: we like the pope to be infallible in matters of faith, and grave doctors to be so in moral questions so that we can feel reassured.
As men are not able to fight against death, misery, ignorance, they have taken it into their heads, in order to be happy, not to think of them at all.
If man made himself the first object of study, he would see how incapable he is of going further. How can a part know the whole?
Habit is a second nature that destroys the first. But what is nature? Why is habit not natural? I am very much afraid that nature itself is only a first habit, just as habit is a second nature.
Our soul is cast into a body, where it finds number, time, dimension. Thereupon it reasons, and calls this nature necessity, and can believe nothing else.
