Scottish,Philosopher
It's when we start working together that the real healing takes place... it's when we start spilling our sweat, and not our blood.
The life of man is of no greater importance to the universe than that of an oyster.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
The rules of morality are not the conclusion of our reason.
The corruption of the best things gives rise to the worst.
A wise man proportions his belief to the evidence.
The heights of popularity and patriotism are still the beaten road to power and tyranny.
Nothing is more surprising than the easiness with which the many are governed by the few.
The Christian religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person without one.
To hate, to love, to think, to feel, to see; all this is nothing but to perceive.
Heaven and hell suppose two distinct species of men, the good and the bad. But the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue.
Men often act knowingly against their interest.
Eloquence, at its highest pitch, leaves little room for reason or reflection, but addresses itself entirely to the desires and affections, captivating the willing hearers, and subduing their understanding.
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.
He is happy whom circumstances suit his temper; but he Is more excellent who suits his temper to any circumstance.
Everything in the world is purchased by labor.
Truth springs from argument amongst friends.
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous.
I have written on all sorts of subjects... yet I have no enemies; except indeed all the Whigs, all the Tories, and all the Christians.
A purpose, an intention, a design, strikes everywhere even the careless, the most stupid thinker.
There is not to be found, in all history, any miracle attested by a sufficient number of men, of such unquestioned good sense, education and learning, as to secure us against all delusion in themselves.
The law always limits every power it gives.
Human Nature is the only science of man; and yet has been hitherto the most neglected.
Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.
Nothing endears so much a friend as sorrow for his death. The pleasure of his company has not so powerful an influence.
