American,Philosopher
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
Karma is experience, and experience creates memory, and memory creates imagination and desire, and desire creates karma again. If I buy a cup of coffee, that's karma. I now have that memory that might give me the potential desire for having cappuccino, and I walk into Starbucks, and there's karma all over again.
The highest levels of performance come to people who are centered, intuitive, creative, and reflective - people who know to see a problem as an opportunity.
In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.
If you want to do really important things in life and big things in life, you can't do anything by yourself. And your best teams are your friends and your siblings.
There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because he or she has a place to fill, and every piece must fit itself into the big jigsaw puzzle.
Our minds influence the key activity of the brain, which then influences everything; perception, cognition, thoughts and feelings, personal relationships; they're all a projection of you.
New Age values are conscious evolution, a non-sectarian society, a non-military culture, global sharing, healing the environment, sustainable economies, self-determination, social justice, economic empowerment of the poor, love, compassion in action, going beyond religious fundamentalism, going beyond nationalism-extreme nationalism, culture.
Meditation makes the entire nervous system go into a field of coherence.
Always go with your passions. Never ask yourself if it's realistic or not.
Life gives you plenty of time to do whatever you want to do if you stay in the present moment.
Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss. Nothing is as rich. Nothing is more real.
We must go beyond the constant clamor of ego, beyond the tools of logic and reason, to the still, calm place within us: the realm of the soul.
But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you.
Spirituality is meant to take us beyond our tribal identity into a domain of awareness that is more universal.
We have to really educate ourselves in a way about who we are, what our real identity is.
People need to know that they have all the tools within themselves. Self-awareness, which means awareness of their body, awareness of their mental space, awareness of their relationships - not only with each other, but with life and the ecosystem.
The real key is to live in an environment where the mind feels free to choose the right thing instead of being compelled by habit and inertia to choose the wrong thing.
Karma, when properly understood, is just the mechanics through which consciousness manifests.
Our most important task is to transform our consciousness so that violence is no longer an option for us in our personal lives, that understanding that a world of peace is possible only if we relate to each other as peaceful beings, one individual at a time.
The world sometimes feels like an insane asylum. You can decide whether you want to be an inmate or pick up your visitor's badge. You can be in the world but not engage in the melodrama of it; you can become a spiritual being having a human experience thoroughly and fully.
Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone.
Although we take it for granted, sanitation is a physical measure that has probably done more to increase human life span than any kind of drug or surgery.
I think we need the feminine qualities of leadership, which include attention to aesthetics and the environment, nurturing, affection, intuition and the qualities that make people feel safe and cared for.
You have to think of your brand as a kind of myth. A myth is a compelling story that is archetypal, if you know the teachings of Carl Jung. It has to have emotional content and all the themes of a great story: mystery, magic, adventure, intrigue, conflicts, contradiction, paradox.
To think is to practice brain chemistry.
In every conversation I've had - with housewives in Mumbai, with middle-class people, upper-class, in the slums - everyone says there is an underlying consciousness of karma. That people believe in karma - that what you're putting out is going to come back. If I do something to you, the energy of it is going to come back to me in the future.
Consciousness, rather than being an epiphenomenon of matter, is actually the source of matter. It differentiates into space time, energy, information, and matter. Even though this view is an ancient view, an ancient world view, it is now finding some resonance amongst a few scientists.
We can actually accelerate the process through meditation, through the ability to find stillness through loving actions, through compassion and sharing, through understanding the nature of the creative process in the universe and having a sense of connection to it. So, that's conscious evolution.
Karma, memory, and desire are just the software of the soul. It's conditioning that the soul undergoes in order to create experience. And it's a cycle. In most people, the cycle is a conditioned response. They do the same things over and over again.
In moments of transcendence, when time stands still, your biological clock will stop. The spirit is that domain of our awareness where there is no time.
If you and I are having a single thought of violence or hatred against anyone in the world at this moment, we are contributing to the wounding of the world.
There is no fixed physical reality, no single perception of the world, just numerous ways of interpreting world views as dictated by one's nervous system and the specific environment of our planetary existence.
We are not victims of aging, sickness and death. These are part of scenery, not the seer, who is immune to any form of change. This seer is the spirit, the expression of eternal being.
For thousands of years, human beings have been obsessed with beauty, truth, love, honor, altruism, courage, social relationships, art, and God. They all go together as subjective experiences, and it's a straw man to set God up as the delusion. If he is, then so is truth itself or beauty itself.
Globalism began as a vision of a world with free trade, shared prosperity, and open borders. These are good, even noble things to aim for.
A risk-free life is far from being a healthy life.
I have all the time in the world. I am in touch with the timeless. I am surrounded by infinity. When I think like that, it doesn't mean I'm going to miss my train, it just means that I'm not thinking about it right now because I'm speaking to you.
Being more aware creates responsibility. What does responsibility mean? It means the ability to respond. The more conscious you are in your ability to respond, the more creative you'll be.
So the universe is constantly moving in the direction of higher evolutionary impulses, creativity, abstraction, and meaning.
Preventive medicine isn't part of a physician's everyday routine, which is spent dispensing drugs and performing surgery.
So many things happen for every event, and if you try to manipulate it, it means you are struggling against the whole universe, and that's just silly.
Muhammad is more human, more self-doubting, even self-tortured at times. His story is full of adventure, intrigue, betrayal.
I teach people that no matter what the situation is, no matter how chaotic, no matter how much drama is around you, you can heal by your presence if you just stay within your center.
Karma is only in space time and causality. Your real self resides non-locally.
The greatest mystery of existence is existence itself.
The symbolic language of the crucifixion is the death of the old paradigm; resurrection is a leap into a whole new way of thinking.
We need to build websites with celebrity speakers who talk about the ideals of fairness, sharing, democratic cooperation, and altruism in public life.
The masculine energy was about survival. The male was the hunter who risked his life and had to be in the fight-flight mode.
In a person's career, well, if you're process-oriented and not totally outcome-oriented, then you're more likely to be success. I often say 'pursue excellence, ignore success.' Success is a by-product of excellence.
Your immune cells are like a circulating nervous system. Your nervous system in fact is a circulating nervous system. It thinks. It's conscious.
When resources become skimpy, human beings don't suddenly cooperate to conserve what's left. They fight to the last scrap for possession of a diminishing resource.
There is just no getting around that turning bad things into good things is up to you.
I like Muhammad a lot, because he's like us more than anybody else. Jesus is just so exalted, and Buddha is just so exalted, it's almost beyond our reach.
Many scientists think that philosophy has no place, so for me it's a sad time because the role of reflection, contemplation, meditation, self inquiry, insight, intuition, imagination, creativity, free will, is in a way not given any importance, which is the domain of philosophers.
The intention to live as long as possible isn't one of the mind's best intentions, because quantity isn't the same as quality.
When I was growing up, I went to an Irish-Christian missionary school.
All religions develop, become exclusive, become divisive and quarrelsome.
Every spiritual tradition has this idea of death and resurrection. It's not unique to Christianity.
As long as you think of your real self as the person you are, then of course you're going to be fearful of death. But what is a person? A person is a pattern of behavior, of a larger awareness. You know, the two-year-old dies before the three-year-old shows up, the three-year-old dies before the teenager shows up.
I've worked all my life on the subject of awareness, whether it's awareness of the body, awareness of the mind, awareness of your emotions, awareness of your relationships, or awareness of your environment. I think the key to transforming your life is to be aware of who you are.
Dynamic activity and deep rest of the mind are complementary to each other.
Consciousness conceives, governs, constructs, and becomes the activity of the body.
If insurance companies paid for lifestyle-management classes, they would save huge sums of money. We need to see that alternative medicine is now mainstream.
I feel genius in great works of art. I have seen medical cures that science can't explain, some seemingly triggered by faith. The same is true of millions of other people.
It is the nature of babies to be in bliss.
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Happiness is a continuation of happenings which are not resisted.
Our thinking and our behaviour are always in anticipation of a response. It is therefore fear-based.
Every person is a God in embryo. Its only desire is to be born.
We're living in a time when the world has suddenly discovered India because it's run out of raw material for its imagination. The raw materials for imagination are inexhaustible here.
Traditional science assumes, for the most part, that an objective observer independent reality exists; the universe, stars, galaxies, sun, moon and earth would still be there if no one was looking.
We must revisit the idea that science is a methodology and not an ontology.
From a scientist's perspective, to understand everything that you need to know about human beings, you only have to tinker with all the mechanical parts of genes and the brain until there are no more secrets left.
All of us are living with dogmas that we accept as truths. When one of these is overturned, there's an initial gasp, soon followed by a rush of exhilaration.
Well-being changes as we move through life, which is why a child's version of it cannot be the same as an old person's.
Human beings place their desires ahead of the collective good.
Once the fabric of a just society is undone, it takes generations to weave it back together.
Victims always feel alone and helpless.
We Americans sit at the head of the banquet table, as we have done for a century. Our standard of living is luxurious by any measure.
The fear of death comes from limited awareness.
In my definition of consciousness, consciousness is the same thing as life. What wisdom traditions also call spirit.
And for me anyway, consciousness is three components: a personal component which for lack of a better word we can call the soul. A collective component which is more archetypal and a deeper level, and then a universal domain of consciousness.
My father was a doctor, an army cardiologist.
Traditional Islam is a mixture of all obedience to Allah, and if that requires militancy, so be it.
Religions take donations and don't pay taxes.
I've always felt that technology can be used to our benefit and should be used to our benefit.
You know, religion itself, Eastern and Western, is divisive and quarrelsome anyway.
Some Western biographies are apologist, and do not portray the negative side at all.
I grew up with a lot of Muslim friends, and the whole idea of revelation has been a lifelong interest of mine.
I, of course, meditate for two hours every morning. It's part of my schedule; I wake up at 4 a.m. every day and I love it.
Seeking can become stressful when you apply the same laws that you apply in the material world - hard work, exacting plans, driving ambition, and attachment to outcome.
I was always interested in going deeply into the life of the Prophet.
What gets in our way is history and culture and religion and economic conditions. It is part of the hypnosis of our social conditioning.
In India, you're taught that there are certain qualities that make you a divine human being.
People think meditation is a huge undertaking. Don't think of it like that.
Perceptual reality is different for different species. In certain species it is a mode of observation, so what we call scientific fact is actually not ultimate truth, it is perceptual experience, and it's a mode of observation.
When I looked at the addictive qualities of video games and how they captivate people's attention, I decided to try the same technology for enhancing well-being.
Once you're more aware of people's needs, you can create action plans for others to follow. That way, you're responsible for your own well-being, too.
What happens is consciousness operates in mysterious ways. One of those ways is that the old paradigm suddenly starts to die.
Spiritual people should not be ashamed of being wealthy.
There is no separation between mind and body... Self and other co-arise and fall away all the time.
Before a brain can register a thought, a mind must think it... every step of the way is mind over matter... We override our brains all the time.
There are very few good examples of effective, nurturing leadership that unlocks people's potential or even enthusiasm.
Wall Street is broken for sure because it succumbed to greed and corruption and pure speculation with no values.
Science stands for rational thought, faith for superstition and unreason.
The world in general has meaning, deep meaning at times. This cannot be dismissed as a delusion, an artifact of chemicals.
I have tremendous faith in President Obama's skills. He's a long-term visionary.
