Romanian,Philosopher
The Universal view melts things into a blur.
Since all life is futility, then the decision to exist must be the most irrational of all.
If we could see ourselves as others see us, we would vanish on the spot.
Chaos is rejecting all you have learned, chaos is being yourself.
What would be left of our tragedies if an insect were to present us his?
The obsession with suicide is characteristic of the man who can neither live nor die, and whose attention never swerves from this double impossibility.
Anyone can escape into sleep, we are all geniuses when we dream, the butcher's the poet's equal there.
One hardly saves a world without ruling it.
I foresee the day when we shall read nothing but telegrams and prayers.
Skepticism is the sadism of embittered souls.
Every thought derives from a thwarted sensation.
Consciousness is much more than the thorn, it is the dagger in the flesh.
Criticism is a misconception: we must read not to understand others but to understand ourselves.
It is not worth the bother of killing yourself, since you always kill yourself too late.
A golden rule: to leave an incomplete image of oneself.
Life creates itself in delirium and is undone in ennui.
Everything is pathology, except for indifference.
Each concession we make is accompanied by an inner diminution of which we are not immediately conscious.
Ennui is the echo in us of time tearing itself apart.
Philosophers write for professors; thinkers for writers.
Truths begin by a conflict with the police - and end by calling them in.
Torment, for some men, is a need, an appetite, and an accomplishment.
Imaginary pains are by far the most real we suffer, since we feel a constant need for them and invent them because there is no way of doing without them.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live - moreover, the only one.
Life inspires more dread than death - it is life which is the great unknown.
We define only out of despair, we must have a formula... to give a facade tot he void.
To Live signifies to believe and hope - to lie and to lie to oneself.
A distant enemy is always preferable to one at the gate.
No one recovers from the disease of being born, a deadly wound if there ever was one.
There is no means of proving it is preferable to be than not to be.
Great persecutors are recruited among martyrs whose heads haven't been cut off.
Progress is the injustice each generation commits with regard to its predecessors.
The mind is the result of the torments the flesh undergoes or inflicts upon itself.
We derive our vitality from our store of madness.
Music is the refuge of souls ulcerated by happiness.
A civilization is destroyed only when its gods are destroyed.
Write books only if you are going to say in them the things you would never dare confide to anyone.
The desire to die was my one and only concern; to it I have sacrificed everything, even death.
In every man sleeps a prophet, and when he wakes there is a little more evil in the world.
What surrounds us we endure better for giving it a name - and moving on.
We die in proportion to the words we fling around us.
Life is possible only by the deficiencies of our imagination and memory.
By all evidence we are in the world to do nothing.
Philosophy: Impersonal anxiety; refuge among anemic ideas.
So long as man is protected by madness - he functions - and flourishes.
When we cannot be delivered from ourselves, we delight in devouring ourselves.
Tolerance - the function of an extinguished ardor - tolerance cannot seduce the young.
Glory - once achieved, what is it worth?
What does the future, that half of time, matter to the man who is infatuated with eternity?
Who Rebels? Who rises in arms? Rarely the slave, but almost always the oppressor turned slave.
No one can enjoy freedom without trembling.
For you who no longer posses it, freedom is everything, for us who do, it is merely an illusion.
Our works, whatever they may be, derive from our incapacity to kill or to kill ourselves.
Nothing is so wearing as the possession or abuse of liberty.
A people represents not so much an aggregate of ideas and theories as of obsessions.
A marvel that has nothing to offer, democracy is at once a nation's paradise and its tomb.
Jealousy - that jumble of secret worship and ostensible aversion.
In order to have the stuff of a tyrant, a certain mental derangement is necessary.
We are born to Exist, not to know, to be, not to assert ourselves.
Crime in full glory consolidates authority by the sacred fear it inspires.
In a republic, that paradise of debility, the politician is a petty tyrant who obeys the laws.
The more we try to rest ourselves from our Egos, the deeper we sink into it.
We understand God by everything in ourselves that is fragmentary, incomplete, and inopportune.
What pride to discover that nothing belongs to you - what a revelation.
To act is to anchor in an imminent future, so imminent it becomes almost tangible; to act is to feel you are consubstantial with that future.
Isn't history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom?
I'm simply an accident. Why take it all so seriously?
I have no nationality - the best possible status for an intellectual.
The limit of every pain is an even greater pain.
Word - that invisible dagger.
Our first intuitions are the true ones.
God - a disease we imagine we are cured of because no one dies of it nowadays.
Sperm is a bandit in its pure state.
A sudden silence in the middle of a conversation suddenly brings us back to essentials: it reveals how dearly we must pay for the invention of speech.
To exist is a habit I do not despair of acquiring.
You are done for - a living dead man - not when you stop loving but stop hating. Hatred preserves: in it, in its chemistry, resides the mystery of life.
