Greek,Philosopher
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
People are not disturbed by things, but by the view they take of them.
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
We should not moor a ship with one anchor, or our life with one hope.
Nothing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig. I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.
The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests.
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education. To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun. To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Only the educated are free.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
It is impossible to begin to learn that which one thinks one already knows.
God has entrusted me with myself.
It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it.
If one oversteps the bounds of moderation, the greatest pleasures cease to please.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Silence is safer than speech.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public.
Freedom is not procured by a full enjoyment of what is desired, but by controlling the desire.
No greater thing is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
He is a drunkard who takes more than three glasses though he be not drunk.
Do not seek to bring things to pass in accordance with your wishes, but wish for them as they are, and you will find them.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Do not laugh much or often or unrestrainedly.
Unless we place our religion and our treasure in the same thing, religion will always be sacrificed.
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
Whoever does not regard what he has as most ample wealth, is unhappy, though he be master of the world.
We are not to give credit to the many, who say that none ought to be educated but the free; but rather to the philosophers, who say that the well-educated alone are free.
