English,Philosopher
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
Age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
Knowledge is power.
A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
A bachelor's life is a fine breakfast, a flat lunch, and a miserable dinner.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics.
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not; a sense of humor to console him for what he is.
The subtlety of nature is greater many times over than the subtlety of the senses and understanding.
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.
Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man.
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery.
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.
The root of all superstition is that men observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.
Who questions much, shall learn much, and retain much.
God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures.
A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion.
Acorns were good until bread was found.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
There is no comparison between that which is lost by not succeeding and that which is lost by not trying.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
Houses are built to live in, and not to look on: therefore let use be preferred before uniformity.
The quarrels and divisions about religion were evils unknown to the heathen. The reason was because the religion of the heathen consisted rather in rites and ceremonies than in any constant belief.
Silence is the virtue of fools.
Good fame is like fire; when you have kindled you may easily preserve it; but if you extinguish it, you will not easily kindle it again.
Pictures and shapes are but secondary objects and please or displease only in the memory.
He that gives good advice, builds with one hand; he that gives good counsel and example, builds with both; but he that gives good admonition and bad example, builds with one hand and pulls down with the other.
We cannot command Nature except by obeying her.
Of all virtues and dignities of the mind, goodness is the greatest, being the character of the Deity; and without it, man is a busy, mischievous, wretched thing.
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.
Revenge is a kind of wild justice, which the more a man's nature runs to, the more ought law to weed it out.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
The correlative to loving our neighbors as ourselves is hating ourselves as we hate our neighbors.
Science is but an image of the truth.
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
As the births of living creatures are at first ill-shapen, so are all innovations, which are the births of time.
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
He that hath wife and children hath given hostages to fortune; for they are impediments to great enterprises, either of virtue or mischief.
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
The place of justice is a hallowed place.
It is as natural to die as to be born; and to a little infant, perhaps, the one is as painful as the other.
Certainly, in taking revenge, a man is but even with his enemy, but in passing it over, he is superior; for it is a prince's part to pardon.
If we do not maintain justice, justice will not maintain us.
When a man laughs at his troubles he loses a great many friends. They never forgive the loss of their prerogative.
Fashion is only the attempt to realize art in living forms and social intercourse.
People have discovered that they can fool the devil; but they can't fool the neighbors.
Truth is a good dog; but always beware of barking too close to the heels of an error, lest you get your brains kicked out.
A man must make his opportunity, as oft as find it.
I had rather believe all the Fables in the Legend, and the Talmud, and the Alcoran, than that this universal frame is without a Mind.
The pencil of the Holy Ghost hath labored more in describing the afflictions of Job than the felicities of Solomon.
I do not believe that any man fears to be dead, but only the stroke of death.
For my name and memory I leave to men's charitable speeches, and to foreign nations and the next ages.
The worst solitude is to have no real friendships.
Nothing is pleasant that is not spiced with variety.
It is a strange desire, to seek power, and to lose liberty; or to seek power over others, and to lose power over a man's self.
Anger is certainly a kind of baseness, as it appears well in the weakness of those subjects in whom it reigns: children, women, old folks, sick folks.
It is a true rule that love is ever rewarded, either with the reciproque or with an inward and secret contempt.
By indignities men come to dignities.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
The way of fortune is like the milkyway in the sky; which is a number of small stars, not seen asunder, but giving light together: so it is a number of little and scarce discerned virtues, or rather faculties and customs, that make men fortunate.
The momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.
There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic: a man's own observation what he finds good of and what he finds hurt of is the best physic to preserve health.
He that hath knowledge spareth his words.
Nature is often hidden, sometimes overcome, seldom extinguished.
Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible.
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator.
Nothing doth more hurt in a state than that cunning men pass for wise.
Rebellions of the belly are the worst.
The remedy is worse than the disease.
Fame is like a river, that beareth up things light and swollen, and drowns things weighty and solid.
They that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils.
Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes; adversity not without many comforts and hopes.
Small amounts of philosophy lead to atheism, but larger amounts bring us back to God.
Prosperity is the blessing of the Old Testament; adversity is the blessing of the New.
God's first creature, which was light.
People usually think according to their inclinations, speak according to their learning and ingrained opinions, but generally act according to custom.
It is natural to die as to be born.
Discretion of speech is more than eloquence, and to speak agreeably to him with whom we deal is more than to speak in good words, or in good order.
Fortune is like the market, where, many times, if you can stay a little, the price will fall.
This is certain, that a man that studieth revenge keeps his wounds green, which otherwise would heal and do well.
Therefore if a man look sharply and attentively, he shall see Fortune; for though she be blind, yet she is not invisible.
God has placed no limits to the exercise of the intellect he has given us, on this side of the grave.
Next to religion, let your care be to promote justice.
Studies perfect nature and are perfected still by experience.
Lies are sufficient to breed opinion, and opinion brings on substance.
Life, an age to the miserable, and a moment to the happy.
Many a man's strength is in opposition, and when he faileth, he grows out of use.
The genius, wit, and the spirit of a nation are discovered by their proverbs.
Riches are a good hand maiden, but a poor mistress.
What is truth? said jesting Pilate; and would not stay for an answer.
Virtue is like a rich stone, best plain set.
The fortune which nobody sees makes a person happy and unenvied.
Young people are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for counsel; and more fit for new projects than for settled business.
Choose the life that is most useful, and habit will make it the most agreeable.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
We are much beholden to Machiavel and others, that write what men do, and not what they ought to do.
Certainly the best works, and of greatest merit for the public, have proceeded from the unmarried, or childless men.
The desire of excessive power caused the angels to fall; the desire of knowledge caused men to fall.
But men must know, that in this theatre of man's life it is reserved only for God and angels to be lookers on.
Children sweeten labours, but they make misfortunes more bitter.
It is in life as it is in ways, the shortest way is commonly the foulest, and surely the fairer way is not much about.
It is as hard and severe a thing to be a true politician as to be truly moral.
There is nothing makes a man suspect much, more than to know little.
No body can be healthful without exercise, neither natural body nor politic, and certainly, to a kingdom or estate, a just and honourable war is the true exercise.
