Spanish,Philosopher
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past; and we must respect the past, remembering that it was once all that was humanly possible.
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.
Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humors.
A child educated only at school is an uneducated child.
The dreamer can know no truth, not even about his dream, except by awaking out of it.
The world is a perpetual caricature of itself; at every moment it is the mockery and the contradiction of what it is pretending to be.
Only the dead have seen the end of the war.
Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others.
Depression is rage spread thin.
History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who weren't there.
Before you contradict an old man, my fair friend, you should endeavor to understand him.
A man's feet should be planted in his country, but his eyes should survey the world.
To me, it seems a dreadful indignity to have a soul controlled by geography.
Experience seems to most of us to lead to conclusions, but empiricism has sworn never to draw them.
The existence of any evil anywhere at any time absolutely ruins a total optimism.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
To know what people really think, pay regard to what they do, rather than what they say.
The word experience is like a shrapnel shell, and bursts into a thousand meanings.
An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
The Bible is literature, not dogma.
Sanity is madness put to good use.
Friends are generally of the same sex, for when men and women agree, it is only in the conclusions; their reasons are always different.
Religion in its humility restores man to his only dignity, the courage to live by grace.
Wisdom comes by disillusionment.
Skepticism, like chastity, should not be relinquished too readily.
To knock a thing down, especially if it is cocked at an arrogant angle, is a deep delight of the blood.
Character is the basis of happiness and happiness the sanction of character.
America is a young country with an old mentality.
The primary use of conversation is to satisfy the impulse to talk.
All thought is naught but a footnote to Plato.
The hunger for facile wisdom is the root of all false philosophy.
My atheism, like that of Spinoza, is true piety towards the universe and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests.
Do not have evil-doers for friends, do not have low people for friends: have virtuous people for friends, have for friends the best of men.
I believe in general in a dualism between facts and the ideas of those facts in human heads.
Nothing can so pierce the soul as the uttermost sigh of the body.
The Soul is the voice of the body's interests.
It is a revenge the devil sometimes takes upon the virtuous, that he entraps them by the force of the very passion they have suppressed and think themselves superior to.
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
Almost every wise saying has an opposite one, no less wise, to balance it.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots.
For gold is tried in the fire and acceptable men in the furnace of adversity.
The truth is cruel, but it can be loved, and it makes free those who have loved it.
All living souls welcome whatever they are ready to cope with; all else they ignore, or pronounce to be monstrous and wrong, or deny to be possible.
For a man who has done his natural duty, death is as natural as sleep.
The body is an instrument, the mind its function, the witness and reward of its operation.
It is always pleasant to be urged to do something on the ground that one can do it well.
To reform means to shatter one form and to create another; but the two sides of this act are not always equally intended nor equally successful.
The Bible is a wonderful source of inspiration for those who don't understand it.
It is veneer, rouge, aestheticism, art museums, new theaters, etc. that make America impotent. The good things are football, kindness, and jazz bands.
The effort of art is to keep what is interesting in existence, to recreate it in the eternal.
The diseases which destroy a man are no less natural than the instincts which preserve him.
Emotion is primarily about nothing and much of it remains about nothing to the end.
If pain could have cured us we should long ago have been saved.
Let a man once overcome his selfish terror at his own infinitude, and his infinitude is, in one sense, overcome.
The more rational an institution is the less it suffers by making concessions to others.
Knowledge is recognition of something absent; it is a salutation, not an embrace.
I like to walk about among the beautiful things that adorn the world; but private wealth I should decline, or any sort of personal possessions, because they would take away my liberty.
The lover knows much more about absolute good and universal beauty than any logician or theologian, unless the latter, too, be lovers in disguise.
Many possessions, if they do not make a man better, are at least expected to make his children happier; and this pathetic hope is behind many exertions.
Prayer, among sane people, has never superseded practical efforts to secure the desired end.
The passions grafted on wounded pride are the most inveterate; they are green and vigorous in old age.
By nature's kindly disposition most questions which it is beyond a man's power to answer do not occur to him at all.
The irrational in the human has something about it altogether repulsive and terrible, as we see in the maniac, the miser, the drunkard or the ape.
Nothing so much enhances a good as to make sacrifices for it.
To be brief is almost a condition of being inspired.
It takes patience to appreciate domestic bliss; volatile spirits prefer unhappiness.
The philosophy of the common man is an old wife that gives him no pleasure, yet he cannot live without her, and resents any aspersions that strangers may cast on her character.
Bid, then, the tender light of faith to shine By which alone the mortal heart is led Unto the thinking of the thought divine.
Fashion is something barbarous, for it produces innovation without reason and imitation without benefit.
Oaths are the fossils of piety.
To delight in war is a merit in the soldier, a dangerous quality in the captain, and a positive crime in the statesman.
Theory helps us to bear our ignorance of facts.
Music is essentially useless, as is life.
Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are.
Knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness.
Music is a means of giving form to our inner feelings, without attaching them to events or objects in the world.
The degree in which a poet's imagination dominates reality is, in the end, the exact measure of his importance and dignity.
Perhaps the only true dignity of man is his capacity to despise himself.
It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
The love of all-inclusiveness is as dangerous in philosophy as in art.
A soul is but the last bubble of a long fermentation in the world.
Philosophers are very severe towards other philosophers because they expect too much.
Oxford, the paradise of dead philosophies.
Society is like the air, necessary to breathe but insufficient to live on.
Language is like money, without which specific relative values may well exist and be felt, but cannot be reduced to a common denominator.
That fear first created the gods is perhaps as true as anything so brief could be on so great a subject.
It is possible to be a master in false philosophy, easier, in fact, than to be a master in the truth, because a false philosophy can be made as simple and consistent as one pleases.
A conception not reducible to the small change of daily experience is like a currency not exchangeable for articles of consumption; it is not a symbol, but a fraud.
Parents lend children their experience and a vicarious memory; children endow their parents with a vicarious immortality.
