French,Philosopher
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
Love and friendship exclude each other.
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
Everything has been said, and we are more than seven thousand years of human thought too late.
There are only three events in a man's life; birth, life, and death; he is not conscious of being born, he dies in pain, and he forgets to live.
There are certain things in which mediocrity is not to be endured, such as poetry, music, painting, public speaking.
Men blush less for their crimes than for their weaknesses and vanity.
Next to sound judgment, diamonds and pearls are the rarest things in the world.
Avoid lawsuits beyond all things; they pervert your conscience, impair your health, and dissipate your property.
The first day one is a guest, the second a burden, and the third a pest.
A position of eminence makes a great person greater and a small person less.
Time makes friendship stronger, but love weaker.
Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present, which seldom happens to us.
There is no road too long to the man who advances deliberately and without undue haste; there are no honors too distant to the man who prepares himself for them with patience.
Even the best intentioned of great men need a few scoundrels around them; there are some things you cannot ask an honest man to do.
All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone.
It is boorish to live ungraciously: the giving is the hardest part; what does it cost to add a smile?
Two quite opposite qualities equally bias our minds - habits and novelty.
Poverty may be the mother of crime, but lack of good sense is the father.
A vain man finds it wise to speak good or ill of himself; a modest man does not talk of himself.
This great misfortune - to be incapable of solitude.
All of our unhappiness comes from our inability to be alone.
The very impossibility in which I find myself to prove that God is not, discovers to me his existence.
A slave has but one master; an ambitious man has as many masters as there are people who may be useful in bettering his position.
There is not in the world so toilsome a trade as the pursuit of fame; life concludes before you have so much as sketched your work.
The passion of hatred is so long lived and so obstinate a malady that the surest sign of death in a sick person is their desire for reconciliation.
The court is like a palace of marble; it's composed of people very hard and very polished.
I would not like to see a person who is sober, moderate, chaste and just say that there is no God. They would speak disinterestedly at least, but such a person is not to be found.
If our life is unhappy it is painful to bear; if it is happy it is horrible to lose, So the one is pretty equal to the other.
They that have lived a single day have lived an age.
Marriage, it seems, confines every man to his proper rank.
Making a book is a craft, like making a clock; it needs more than native wit to be an author.
Liberality consists less in giving a great deal than in gifts well-timed.
Logic is the technique by which we add conviction to truth.
The exact contrary of what is generally believed is often the truth.
A man can keep another's secret better than his own. A woman her own better than others.
A mediocre mind thinks it writes divinely; a good mind thinks it writes reasonably.
It is a sad thing when men have neither the wit to speak well nor the judgment to hold their tongues.
One mark of a second-rate mind is to be always telling stories.
Grief at the absence of a loved one is happiness compared to life with a person one hates.
When a work lifts your spirits and inspires bold and noble thoughts in you, do not look for any other standard to judge by: the work is good, the product of a master craftsman.
The Opera is obviously the first draft of a fine spectacle; it suggests the idea of one.
