Chinese,Philosopher
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them - that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.
Silence is a source of great strength.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
From caring comes courage.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
Treat those who are good with goodness, and also treat those who are not good with goodness. Thus goodness is attained. Be honest to those who are honest, and be also honest to those who are not honest. Thus honesty is attained.
Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
All things in the world come from being. And being comes from non-being.
Of all that is good, sublimity is supreme. Succeeding is the coming together of all that is beautiful. Furtherance is the agreement of all that is just. Perseverance is the foundation of all actions.
Man's enemies are not demons, but human beings like himself.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox.
The wicked leader is he who the people despise. The good leader is he who the people revere. The great leader is he who the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'
From wonder into wonder existence opens.
I do not concern myself with gods and spirits either good or evil nor do I serve any.
Violence, even well intentioned, always rebounds upon oneself.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
There was something undifferentiated and yet complete, which existed before Heaven and Earth. Soundless and formless, it depends on nothing and does not change. It operates everywhere and is free from danger. It may be considered the mother of the universe. I do not know its name; I call it Tao.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be.
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself.
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
Heaven is long-enduring, and earth continues long. The reason why heaven and earth are able to endure and continue thus long is because they do not live of, or for, themselves.
To realize that you do not understand is a virtue; Not to realize that you do not understand is a defect.
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
The career of a sage is of two kinds: He is either honored by all in the world, Like a flower waving its head, Or else he disappears into the silent forest.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish. Do not overdo it.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
The people are hungry: It is because those in authority eat up too much in taxes.
One can not reflect in streaming water. Only those who know internal peace can give it to others.
In the world there is nothing more submissive and weak than water. Yet for attacking that which is hard and strong nothing can surpass it.
The higher the sun ariseth, the less shadow doth he cast; even so the greater is the goodness, the less doth it covet praise; yet cannot avoid its rewards in honours.
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
Ambition has one heel nailed in well, though she stretch her fingers to touch the heavens.
The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao; the name that can be named is not the eternal name. The Nameless is the origin of Heaven and Earth; the Named is the mother of all things.
Man takes his law from the Earth; the Earth takes its law from Heaven; Heaven takes its law from the Tao. The law of the Tao is its being what it is.
It is better to do one's own duty, however defective it may be, than to follow the duty of another, however well one may perform it. He who does his duty as his own nature reveals it, never sins.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline; simulated fear postulates courage; simulated weakness postulates strength.
Nature is not human hearted.
How could man rejoice in victory and delight in the slaughter of men?
Without stirring abroad, One can know the whole world; Without looking out of the window One can see the way of heaven. The further one goes The less one knows.
To know yet to think that one does not know is best; Not to know yet to think that one knows will lead to difficulty.
Sincere words are not fine; fine words are not sincere.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
If the Great Way perishes there will morality and duty. When cleverness and knowledge arise great lies will flourish. When relatives fall out with one another there will be filial duty and love. When states are in confusion there will be faithful servants.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
If you keep feeling a point that has been sharpened, the point cannot long preserve its sharpness.
He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
