French,Philosopher
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband.
The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them... Whether you find satisfaction in life depends not on your tale of years, but on your will.
Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion is the best proof of stupidity.
I study myself more than any other subject. That is my metaphysics, that is my physics.
In nine lifetimes, you'll never know as much about your cat as your cat knows about you.
Every one rushes elsewhere and into the future, because no one wants to face one's own inner self.
In true education, anything that comes to our hand is as good as a book: the prank of a page- boy, the blunder of a servant, a bit of table talk - they are all part of the curriculum.
Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it.
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I.
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
One may be humble out of pride.
How many things we held yesterday as articles of faith which today we tell as fables.
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened.
I set forth a humble and inglorious life; that does not matter. You can tie up all moral philosophy with a common and private life just as well as with a life of richer stuff. Each man bears the entire form of man's estate.
Fame and tranquility can never be bedfellows.
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly.
Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself.
If ordinary people complain that I speak too much of myself, I complain that they do not even think of themselves.
When I play with my cat, who knows whether she is not amusing herself with me more than I with her.
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears.
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
Ambition is not a vice of little people.
Make your educational laws strict and your criminal ones can be gentle; but if you leave youth its liberty you will have to dig dungeons for ages.
A wise man sees as much as he ought, not as much as he can.
No wind serves him who addresses his voyage to no certain port.
He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak.
I speak the truth not so much as I would, but as much as I dare, and I dare a little more as I grow older.
I quote others only in order the better to express myself.
If you don't know how to die, don't worry; Nature will tell you what to do on the spot, fully and adequately. She will do this job perfectly for you; don't bother your head about it.
He who fears he shall suffer, already suffers what he fears.
Unless a man feels he has a good enough memory, he should never venture to lie.
We can be knowledgable with other men's knowledge but we cannot be wise with other men's wisdom.
The soul which has no fixed purpose in life is lost; to be everywhere, is to be nowhere.
The public weal requires that men should betray, and lie, and massacre.
I have never seen a greater monster or miracle in the world than myself.
It is a monstrous thing that I will say, but I will say it all the same: I find in many things more restraint and order in my morals than in my opinions, and my lust less depraved than my reason.
A straight oar looks bent in the water. What matters is not merely that we see things but how we see them.
For truly it is to be noted, that children's plays are not sports, and should be deemed as their most serious actions.
The confidence in another man's virtue is no light evidence of a man's own, and God willingly favors such a confidence.
The ceaseless labour of your life is to build the house of death.
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.
'Tis the sharpness of our mind that gives the edge to our pains and pleasures.
It is good to rub and polish our brain against that of others.
Rejoice in the things that are present; all else is beyond thee.
I do myself a greater injury in lying than I do him of whom I tell a lie.
It is the mind that maketh good or ill, That maketh wretch or happy, rich or poor.
An untempted woman cannot boast of her chastity.
The way of the world is to make laws, but follow custom.
It is not death, it is dying that alarms me.
The finest souls are those that have the most variety and suppleness.
I write to keep from going mad from the contradictions I find among mankind - and to work some of those contradictions out for myself.
No pleasure has any savor for me without communication.
I have often seen people uncivil by too much civility, and tiresome in their courtesy.
Those who have compared our life to a dream were right... we were sleeping wake, and waking sleep.
Marriage, a market which has nothing free but the entrance.
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
My trade and art is to live.
The world is but a perpetual see-saw.
The entire lower world was created in the likeness of the higher world. All that exists in the higher world appears like an image in this lower world; yet all this is but One.
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside equally desperate to get out.
There is a sort of gratification in doing good which makes us rejoice in ourselves.
Let us permit nature to have her way. She understands her business better than we do.
We only labor to stuff the memory, and leave the conscience and the understanding unfurnished and void.
Age imprints more wrinkles in the mind than it does on the face.
The worst of my actions or conditions seem not so ugly unto me as I find it both ugly and base not to dare to avouch for them.
There is little less trouble in governing a private family than a whole kingdom.
The thing I fear most is fear.
Fortune, seeing that she could not make fools wise, has made them lucky.
If a man urge me to tell wherefore I loved him, I feel it cannot be expressed but by answering: Because it was he, because it was myself.
The world is all a carcass and vanity, The shadow of a shadow, a play And in one word, just nothing.
If a man should importune me to give a reason why I loved him, I find it could no otherwise be expressed, than by making answer: because it was he, because it was I.
There is not much less vexation in the government of a private family than in the managing of an entire state.
It should be noted that children at play are not playing about; their games should be seen as their most serious-minded activity.
Confidence in others' honesty is no light testimony of one's own integrity.
Wit is a dangerous weapon, even to the possessor, if he knows not how to use it discreetly.
There is no desire more natural than the desire for knowledge.
There is perhaps no more obvious vanity than to write of it so vainly.
Few men have been admired of their familiars.
We are Christians by the same title as we are natives of Perigord or Germany.
How many condemnations I have witnessed more criminal than the crime!
