Belgian,Philosopher
Who wants a world in which the guarantee that we shall not die of starvation entails the risk of dying of boredom?
Purchasing power is a license to purchase power.
The key is within each of us. No instructions come with it.
We can escape the commonplace only by manipulating it, controlling it, thrusting it into our dreams or surrendering it to the free play of our subjectivity.
Daily life is governed by an economic system in which the production and consumption of insults tends to balance out.
The same people who are murdered slowly in the mechanized slaughterhouses of work are also arguing, singing, drinking, dancing, making love, holding the streets, picking up weapons and inventing a new poetry.
Ideally a book would have no order in it, and the reader would have to discover his own.
In an industrial society which confuses work and productivity, the necessity of producing has always been an enemy of the desire to create.
Everything has been said yet few have taken advantage of it. Since all our knowledge is essentially banal, it can only be of value to minds that are not.
The eruption of lived pleasure is such that in losing myself I find myself; forgetting that I exist, I realize myself.
As poverty has been reduced in terms of mere survival, it has become more profound in terms of our way of life.
People who talk about revolution and class struggle without referring explicitly to everyday life, without understanding what is subversive about love and what is positive in the refusal of constraints, such people have a corpse in their mouth.
To be rich nowadays merely means to possess a large number of poor objects.
Never before has a civilization reached such a degree of a contempt for life; never before has a generation, drowned in mortification, felt such a rage to live.
Work to survive, survive by consuming, survive to consume: the hellish cycle is complete.
Our task is not to rediscover nature but to remake it.
There are more truths in twenty-four hours of a man's life than in all the philosophies.
In the kingdom of consumption the citizen is king. A democratic monarchy: equality before consumption, fraternity in consumption, and freedom through consumption.
It is entirely up to us to invent our own lives.
What could I wish for the present but to take the greatest pleasure in being what I am?
Work is the opposite of creativity.
