French,Philosopher
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life.
Attachment is the great fabricator of illusions; reality can be attained only by someone who is detached.
Every perfect life is a parable invented by God.
The future is made of the same stuff as the present.
More than in any other performing arts the lack of respect for acting seems to spring from the fact that every layman considers himself a valid critic.
I can, therefore I am.
The highest ecstasy is the attention at its fullest.
Two prisoners whose cells adjoin communicate with each other by knocking on the wall. The wall is the thing which separates them but is also their means of communication. It is the same with us and God. Every separation is a link.
Humility is attentive patience.
The only way into truth is through one's own annihilation; through dwelling a long time in a state of extreme and total humiliation.
The destruction of the past is perhaps the greatest of all crimes.
As soon as men know that they can kill without fear of punishment or blame, they kill; or at least they encourage killers with approving smiles.
Imagination is always the fabric of social life and the dynamic of history. The influence of real needs and compulsions, of real interests and materials, is indirect because the crowd is never conscious of it.
Beauty always promises, but never gives anything.
For when two beings who are not friends are near each other there is no meeting, and when friends are far apart there is no separation.
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.
A hurtful act is the transference to others of the degradation which we bear in ourselves.
A mind enclosed in language is in prison.
When once a certain class of people has been placed by the temporal and spiritual authorities outside the ranks of those whose life has value, then nothing comes more naturally to men than murder.
The most important part of teaching is to teach what it is to know.
There is one, and only one, thing in modern society more hideous than crime namely, repressive justice.
To be a hero or a heroine, one must give an order to oneself.
Equality is the public recognition, effectively expressed in institutions and manners, of the principle that an equal degree of attention is due to the needs of all human beings.
Nothing is less instructive than a machine.
There can be a true grandeur in any degree of submissiveness, because it springs from loyalty to the laws and to an oath, and not from baseness of soul.
Nothing can have as its destination anything other than its origin. The contrary idea, the idea of progress, is poison.
The mysteries of faith are degraded if they are made into an object of affirmation and negation, when in reality they should be an object of contemplation.
Who were the fools who spread the story that brute force cannot kill ideas? Nothing is easier. And once they are dead they are no more than corpses.
We can only know one thing about God - that he is what we are not. Our wretchedness alone is an image of this. The more we contemplate it, the more we contemplate him.
In struggling against anguish one never produces serenity; the struggle against anguish only produces new forms of anguish.
We must prefer real hell to an imaginary paradise.
The role of the intelligence - that part of us which affirms and denies and formulates opinions is merely to submit.
Whatever debases the intelligence degrades the entire human being.
I suffer more from the humiliations inflicted by my country than from those inflicted on her.
Evil being the root of mystery, pain is the root of knowledge.
The only hope of socialism resides in those who have already brought about in themselves, as far as is possible in the society of today, that union between manual and intellectual labor which characterizes the society we are aiming at.
To get power over is to defile. To possess is to defile.
Life does not need to mutilate itself in order to be pure.
One cannot imagine St. Francis of Assisi talking about rights.
The poison of skepticism becomes, like alcoholism, tuberculosis, and some other diseases, much more virulent in a hitherto virgin soil.
With no matter what human being, taken individually, I always find reasons for concluding that sorrow and misfortune do not suit him; either because he seems too mediocre for anything so great, or, on the contrary, too precious to be destroyed.
We are like horses who hurt themselves as soon as they pull on their bits - and we bow our heads. We even lose consciousness of the situation, we just submit. Any re-awakening of thought is then painful.
The contemporary form of true greatness lies in a civilization founded on the spirituality of work.
In the Church, considered as a social organism, the mysteries inevitably degenerate into beliefs.
To set up as a standard of public morality a notion which can neither be defined nor conceived is to open the door to every kind of tyranny.
Oppression that is clearly inexorable and invincible does not give rise to revolt but to submission.
A self-respecting nation is ready for anything, including war, except for a renunciation of its option to make war.
Petroleum is a more likely cause of international conflict than wheat.
What a country calls its vital... interests are not things that help its people live, but things that help it make war.
A science which does not bring us nearer to God is worthless.
Evil, when we are in its power, is not felt as evil, but as a necessity, even a duty.
The intelligent man who is proud of his intelligence is like the condemned man who is proud of his large cell.
It is not the cause for which men took up arms that makes a victory more just or less, it is the order that is established when arms have been laid down.
