Danish,Philosopher
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
Be that self which one truly is.
Don't forget to love yourself.
Listen to the cry of a woman in labor at the hour of giving birth - look at the dying man's struggle at his last extremity, and then tell me whether something that begins and ends thus could be intended for enjoyment.
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. Not to dare is to lose oneself.
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.
I see it all perfectly; there are two possible situations - one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this: do it or do not do it - you will regret both.
The tyrant dies and his rule is over, the martyr dies and his rule begins.
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown.
Boredom is the root of all evil - the despairing refusal to be oneself.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
The paradox is really the pathos of intellectual life and just as only great souls are exposed to passions it is only the great thinker who is exposed to what I call paradoxes, which are nothing else than grandiose thoughts in embryo.
What is a poet? An unhappy person who conceals profound anguish in his heart but whose lips are so formed that as sighs and cries pass over them they sound like beautiful music.
There is nothing with which every man is so afraid as getting to know how enormously much he is capable of doing and becoming.
Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are.
God creates out of nothing. Wonderful you say. Yes, to be sure, but he does what is still more wonderful: he makes saints out of sinners.
Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor.
If I am capable of grasping God objectively, I do not believe, but precisely because I cannot do this I must believe.
Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living.
Trouble is the common denominator of living. It is the great equalizer.
It belongs to the imperfection of everything human that man can only attain his desire by passing through its opposite.
Since boredom advances and boredom is the root of all evil, no wonder, then, that the world goes backwards, that evil spreads. This can be traced back to the very beginning of the world. The gods were bored; therefore they created human beings.
Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself.
Since my earliest childhood a barb of sorrow has lodged in my heart. As long as it stays I am ironic if it is pulled out I shall die.
Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further.
It seems essential, in relationships and all tasks, that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important.
One can advise comfortably from a safe port.
Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift; in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate.
