Chinese,Philosopher
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
If your opponent is of choleric temper, irritate him.
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
Victory usually goes to the army who has better trained officers and men.
He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight.
The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy's not coming, but on our own readiness to receive him; not on the chance of his not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable.
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
A good commander is benevolent and unconcerned with fame.
Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster.
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.
Be extremely subtle, even to the point of formlessness. Be extremely mysterious, even to the point of soundlessness. Thereby you can be the director of the opponent's fate.
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.
The opportunity to secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.
Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.
He will win whose army is animated by the same spirit throughout all its ranks.
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near.
To fight and conquer in all our battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.
The quality of decision is like the well-timed swoop of a falcon which enables it to strike and destroy its victim.
If ignorant both of your enemy and yourself, you are certain to be in peril.
The general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without fearing disgrace, whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for his sovereign, is the jewel of the kingdom.
Thus it is that in war the victorious strategist only seeks battle after the victory has been won, whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights and afterwards looks for victory.
For them to perceive the advantage of defeating the enemy, they must also have their rewards.
