Indian,Philosopher
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
A mountain is composed of tiny grains of earth. The ocean is made up of tiny drops of water. Even so, life is but an endless series of little details, actions, speeches, and thoughts. And the consequences whether good or bad of even the least of them are far-reaching.
Your duty is to treat everybody with love as a manifestation of the Lord.
Life is a pilgrimage. The wise man does not rest by the roadside inns. He marches direct to the illimitable domain of eternal bliss, his ultimate destination.
The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph. Self-realization demands very great struggle.
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
God is all-full. He is self-contained. He is eternal satisfaction.
Today is your own. Tomorrow perchance may never come.
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
Forget like a child any injury done by somebody immediately. Never keep it in the heart. It kindles hatred.
Desire is poverty. Desire is the greatest impurity of the mind. Desire is the motive force for action. Desire in the mind is the real impurity. Even a spark of desire is a very great evil.
The real spiritual progress of the aspirant is measured by the extent to which he achieves inner tranquility.
Thinking of disease constantly will intensify it. Feel always 'I am healthily in body and mind'.
Always do good to others. Be selfless. Mentally remove everything and be free. This is divine life. This is the direct way to Moksha or salvation.
If you do not know the laws of right conduct, you cannot form your character.
Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.
Practice meditation regularly. Meditation leads to eternal bliss. Therefore meditate, meditate.
There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment.
It is divinity that shapes, not only your ends, but also your acts, your words and thoughts.
Humility is not cowardice. Meekness is not weakness. Humility and meekness are indeed spiritual powers.
A desire arises in the mind. It is satisfied immediately another comes. In the interval which separates two desires a perfect calm reigns in the mind. It is at this moment freed from all thought, love or hate. Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.
Meditation is painful in the beginning but it bestows immortal Bliss and supreme joy in the end.
Terrible is the fight put up by the senses. Fight bravely! Conquer them you must.
Desire nothing, give up all desires and be happy.
Moral values, and a culture and a religion, maintaining these values are far better than laws and regulations.
