English,Philosopher
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature; that is to say, of his own life.
The condition of man... is a condition of war of everyone against everyone.
During the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe, they are in that conditions called war; and such a war, as if of every man, against every man.
Curiosity is the lust of the mind.
The obligation of subjects to the sovereign is understood to last as long, and no longer, than the power lasteth by which he is able to protect them.
Leisure is the Mother of Philosophy.
Words are the money of fools.
Not believing in force is the same as not believing in gravitation.
In the state of nature profit is the measure of right.
I put for the general inclination of all mankind, a perpetual and restless desire of power after power, that ceaseth only in death.
A man's conscience and his judgment is the same thing; and as the judgment, so also the conscience, may be erroneous.
No man's error becomes his own Law; nor obliges him to persist in it.
Force and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.
Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another.
The privilege of absurdity; to which no living creature is subject, but man only.
They that approve a private opinion, call it opinion; but they that dislike it, heresy; and yet heresy signifies no more than private opinion.
Such is the nature of men, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned; yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves.
The Papacy is not other than the Ghost of the deceased Roman Empire, sitting crowned upon the grave thereof.
That a man be willing, when others are so too, as far forth as for peace and defense of himself he shall think it necessary, to lay down this right to all things; and be contented with so much liberty against other men, as he would allow other men against himself.
The flesh endures the storms of the present alone; the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present. Gluttony is a lust of the mind.
Such truth, as opposeth no man's profit, nor pleasure, is to all men welcome.
Laughter is nothing else but sudden glory arising from some sudden conception of some eminency in ourselves, by comparison with the infirmity of others, or with our own formerly.
Understanding is nothing else than conception caused by speech.
There is no such thing as perpetual tranquillity of mind while we live here; because life itself is but motion, and can never be without desire, nor without fear, no more than without sense.
War consisteth not in battle only, or the act of fighting; but in a tract of time, wherein the will to contend by battle is sufficiently known.
