Chinese,Philosopher
A person is born with feelings of envy and hate. If he gives way to them, they will lead him to violence and crime, and any sense of loyalty and good faith will be abandoned.
The petty man is eager to make boasts, yet desires that others should believe in him. He enthusiastically engages in deception, yet wants others to have affection for him. He conducts himself like an animal, yet wants others to think well of him.
If the gentleman has ability, he is magnanimous, generous, tolerant, and straightforward, through which he opens the way to instruct others.
Therefore, a person should first be changed by a teacher's instructions, and guided by principles of ritual. Only then can he observe the rules of courtesy and humility, obey the conventions and rules of society, and achieve order.
In order to properly understand the big picture, everyone should fear becoming mentally clouded and obsessed with one small section of truth.
If knowledge and foresight are too penetrating and deep, unify them with ease and sincerity.
Human nature is evil, and goodness is caused by intentional activity.
When you locate good in yourself, approve of it with determination. When you locate evil in yourself, despise it as something detestable.
Thus, that one can find no place to walk through the breadth of the earth is not because the earth is not tranquil but because the danger to every step of the traveler lies generally with words.
The person attempting to travel two roads at once will get nowhere.
When you concentrate on agriculture and industry and are frugal in expenditures, Heaven cannot impoverish your state.
Human nature is such that people are born with a love of profit If they follow these inclinations, they will struggle and snatch from each other, and inclinations to defer or yield will die.
I say that human nature is the original beginning and the raw material, and deliberate effort is what makes it patterned, ordered, and exalted.
Since the nature of people is bad, to become corrected they must be taught by teachers and to be orderly they must acquire ritual and moral principles.
If the blood humor is too strong and robust, calm it with balance and harmony.
Human nature is what Heaven supplies.
Music is a fantastic peacekeeper of the world, it is integral to harmony, and it is a required fundamental of human emotion.
I once tried thinking for an entire day, but I found it less valuable than one moment of study.
A person is born with desires of the eyes and ears, and a liking for beautiful sights and sounds. If he gives way to them, they will lead him to immorality and lack of restriction, and any ritual principles and propriety will be abandoned.
Mencius said that human nature is good. I disagree with that.
Pride and excess bring disaster for man.
When people lack teachers, their tendencies are not corrected; when they do not have ritual and moral principles, then their lawlessness is not controlled.
I once tried standing up on my toes to see far out in the distance, but I found that I could see much farther by climbing to a high place.
If what the heart approves conforms to proper patterns, then even if one's desires are many, what harm would they be to good order?
A person is born with a liking for profit.
Thus, anybody who follows this nature and gives way its states will be led into quarrels and conflicts, and go against the conventions and rules of society, and will end up a criminal.
