French,Editor
You have to make it happen.
There are three principal means of acquiring knowledge... observation of nature, reflection, and experimentation. Observation collects facts; reflection combines them; experimentation verifies the result of that combination.
The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find.
Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest.
We swallow greedily any lie that flatters us, but we sip only little by little at a truth we find bitter.
Only passions, great passions can elevate the soul to great things.
It is not human nature we should accuse but the despicable conventions that pervert it.
If you want me to believe in God, you must make me touch him.
There is no moral precept that does not have something inconvenient about it.
Skepticism is the first step on the road to philosophy.
Patriotism is an ephemeral motive that scarcely ever outlasts the particular threat to society that aroused it.
The philosopher has never killed any priests, whereas the priest has killed a great many philosophers.
Gratitude is a burden, and every burden is made to be shaken off.
There are things I can't force. I must adjust. There are times when the greatest change needed is a change of my viewpoint.
If there is one realm in which it is essential to be sublime, it is in wickedness. You spit on a petty thief, but you can't deny a kind of respect for the great criminal.
The decisions of law courts should never be printed: in the long run, they form a counter authority to the law.
When science, art, literature, and philosophy are simply the manifestation of personality they are on a level where glorious and dazzling achievements are possible, which can make a man's name live for thousands of years.
Justice is the first virtue of those who command, and stops the complaints of those who obey.
From fanaticism to barbarism is only one step.
The blood of Jesus Christ can cover a multitude of sins, it seems to me.
There is no kind of harassment that a man may not inflict on a woman with impunity in civilized societies.
Our observation of nature must be diligent, our reflection profound, and our experiments exact. We rarely see these three means combined; and for this reason, creative geniuses are not common.
Gaiety is a quality of ordinary men. Genius always presupposes some disorder in the machine.
There is only one passion, the passion for happiness.
Although a man may wear fine clothing, if he lives peacefully; and is good, self-possessed, has faith and is pure; and if he does not hurt any living being, he is a holy man.
Disturbances in society are never more fearful than when those who are stirring up the trouble can use the pretext of religion to mask their true designs.
Only a very bad theologian would confuse the certainty that follows revelation with the truths that are revealed. They are entirely different things.
We are all instruments endowed with feeling and memory. Our senses are so many strings that are struck by surrounding objects and that also frequently strike themselves.
The God of the Christians is a father who makes much of his apples, and very little of his children.
Genius is present in every age, but the men carrying it within them remain benumbed unless extraordinary events occur to heat up and melt the mass so that it flows forth.
Bad company is as instructive as licentiousness. One makes up for the loss of one's innocence with the loss of one's prejudices.
