American,Cartoonist
Everybody that loves Nancy loves it in a slightly condescending way. Nancy is comics reduced to their most elemental level.
Frivolity is a stern taskmaster.
Their scrambled attention spans struck me as a metaphor for the way we get our doses of reality these days.
I just became one with my browser software.
Are we having fun yet?
Zippy is living in the moment.
Zippy accepts chaos as what it is, which is the real order of everything.
I think Zippy is part of me, but I'm not Zippy.
A full, rich drawing style is a drawback.
Comics is a language. It's a language most people understand intuitively.
I had a very diametrically opposite set of parents.
I always thought of Levittown as a joke.
Unfortunately what came out of it was also kind of an imitation community with a lot of mindless conformity.
My first character was Mr. Toad.
Jazz, rock and roll, movies and comics are the culture of America.
The down side of Americans being obsessed with pop culture is that they kind of like it light.
Well, I've done a lot of strips since I've been here about Zippy and me being in Connecticut.
If something is going on in my life, it winds up getting into my strip.
I had a mixture, my father was a career army man and my mother was a writer.
She encouraged any artistic impulse I had, and my father discouraged any artistic impulse I had. They took out their problems with each other on me and my sister.
Then I abandoned comics for fine art because I had some romantic vision of being like Vincent Van Gogh Jr.
I went to an art school in Brooklyn and painted Fine Art, if that's what you'd call it for eight years in New York, until I saw the first underground comics in the East Village Other.
Looking back Little Lulu was an early feminist, but at the time I just thought she was a really feisty developed comic strip character.
I hate Calvin and Hobbes. I think its a big re-hash of formula kid strips.
Everyone says how Calvin and Hobbes is about a real kid, to me there's nothing real about it; it's an adult using a kid's body as a mouthpiece.
Mike Judge, who I've become friends with over the years never took himself seriously as an artist.
