Belgian,Actress
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years.
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair.
I believe in manicures. I believe in overdressing. I believe in primping at leisure and wearing lipstick. I believe in pink. I believe happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and... I believe in miracles.
Let's face it, a nice creamy chocolate cake does a lot for a lot of people; it does for me.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.
Water is life, and clean water means health.
I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.
Paris is always a good idea.
If my world were to cave in tomorrow, I would look back on all the pleasures, excitements and worthwhilenesses I have been lucky enough to have had. Not the sadness, not my miscarriages or my father leaving home, but the joy of everything else. It will have been enough.
Living is like tearing through a museum. Not until later do you really start absorbing what you saw, thinking about it, looking it up in a book, and remembering - because you can't take it in all at once.
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally; I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
I have to be alone very often. I'd be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. That's how I refuel.
There are certain shades of limelight that can wreck a girl's complexion.
Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
I never thought I'd land in pictures with a face like mine.
