Belgian,Designer
I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are.
I wanted to be an independent woman, a woman who could pay for her bills, a woman who could run her own life - and I became that woman.
When you get into a hotel room, you lock the door, and you know there is a secrecy, there is a luxury, there is fantasy. There is comfort. There is reassurance.
Beauty is perfect in its imperfections, so you just have to go with the imperfections.
My best friend is me, and I take good care of me.
Insecurity is a waste of time.
The most important relationship you have in life is the one you have with yourself. And then after that, I'd say once you have that, it may be hard work, but you can actually design your life.
When you come to a hotel room, you want it to be grand, functional and beautiful. But you don't want things that are not useful. Sometimes you go to hotels and there are all these frames and pictures of people you don't know, and you end up hiding everything in the drawer, and then housekeeping come and put it out again.
Simplicity and sexiness, that's what people want. At a price that's not outrageous.
Fashion is mysterious, as a rule. Why are blue jeans a classic? You just hit on something that happens to be timeless and right.
The important thing is to take your time and not get stressed.
Go to a place where you're not going to be stressed, because a honeymoon itself can be a stressful thing.
There's design, and there's art. Good design is total harmony. There's no better designer than nature - if you look at a branch or a leaf, it's perfect. It's all function. Art is different. It's about emotion. It's about suffering and beauty - but mostly suffering!
I travel in so many different ways; I travel high, I rough it... it all depends on who I travel with.
I get ideas about what's essential when packing my suitcase.
My clothes are great for a honeymoon: They're light and sexy, colorful and pretty, and not expensive.
Attitude is everything.
I'm not someone who calculates things.
My mother said that we're so lucky to be women. It's not that men are weak. Men are men. We're two completely different animals.
Fashion Week is so important for designers.
Work and children I could have. But the husband was just too much.
Clarity is the most important thing. I can compare clarity to pruning in gardening. You know, you need to be clear. If you are not clear, nothing is going to happen. You have to be clear. Then you have to be confident about your vision. And after that, you just have to put a lot of work in.
Usually, the fairy tale ends with the girl marrying the prince. But mine started as soon as the marriage was over.
What's important to me is to share, and being inspired, and inspiring.
I always wanted to be a femme fatale. Even when I was a young girl, I never really wanted to be a girl. I wanted to be a woman.
I had arranged a birthday party for him and my children, who are all Aquarians. Instead, we got married. I ran out of excuses. It was just us and my children.
I was terrified the first time that I had a big problem in my business. I was obviously terrified when they diagnosed me with cancer in 1994. I was terrified when my son used to drive too fast. But I do believe in the fact that fear is not an option, so I always try to face it and not be afraid.
I was born in Belgium. I went to school in England and in Switzerland, then I came to America, so I really feel like I am a citizen of the world.
I can honestly say that I understand women very well. If you understand yourself, you understand women, because, in the end, all women are the same.
Fashion can be this mysterious thing that you can't explain.
I never like to think that I design for a particular person. I design for the woman I wanted to be, the woman I used to be, and - to some degree - the woman I'm still a little piece of.
A challenging economy is always good for design. It unites necessity and functionality. You are forced to be creative with poor materials.
The iPad! What is better designed than that? I read magazines on it, I play Scrabble. I use it for everything.
I've been working seriously in giving fashion a place that it deserves.
I am not allowed to be afraid. My mother made me like that. As a child, if I was afraid of the dark, she would lock me in the closet. Things like this. And she would talk about the time she spent in the concentration camp, but not about being afraid, only about the good side of it.
I was lucky because I got so successful so early, and when you get successful early, then you can afford to be a little bit humble.
Animals come from nature. They were not designed. All my inspiration comes from nature, whether it's an animal or the layout of bark or of a leaf. Sometimes my patterns are very bold, and you can barely see where they come from, but all the textures and all the prints come out of nature.
The way I design generally is very much travel-oriented because that is my life. That's why I make clothes that are so light and so easy to pack and a little bit seasonless.
I obviously don't feel under pressure to look young, because I have had no Botox or surgery. I don't judge people who choose to have it, but I don't want to erase who I am.
I think all races are represented in America much more than in many other places, but it's also nice to remind people about that ethnic mix. I would like to see more black models and women from different ethnic backgrounds, but I also think that when you are casting, you just choose the most beautiful girl you can find.
The fashion industry has a responsibility to represent a healthy image of women, but to start weighing them and putting them against a wall and making them feel like animals? No.
Women inspire me... so I enjoy women's stories and biographies. I am interested in all women.
I adore dark chocolate.
The most important thing is to be healthy, to drink a lot of water, to fight gravity as much as possible. I am one of the few people who decided I wasn't going to do any invasion with my face.
I am almost a vegetarian, and I meditate, do yoga and love to hike.
I am a fast dresser, 30 minutes max with hair and makeup. I don't have a uniform, but I like to be comfortable.
My biggest vice is playing solitaire on my iPad. It's bad. I mean, it's ridiculous.
I communicate mostly via e-mail and receive hundreds of e-mails a day.
My favorite days are the ones where I deal only with my own team, design, marketing, working on the next accessories collection.
I gave up on my looks a long time ago.
I've always liked wrinkles. When I was a young girl, I used to make lines on my face with my nails because I loved Jeanne Moreau. I always wanted to be older; I always added years to my life. For the longest time, if people thought I was older, I would take it as a compliment.
When I was a little girl, if I didn't eat my soup, my mother would say, 'You have to think of all the Chinese children who have nothing to eat.' But now, for my children, Chinese people make everything, and for my grandchildren, they buy everything.
I always was fascinated with China, because I was born in Europe, and for us, China had this fascination and mystery. The first time I came here was in 1989. They were on bicycles, and the speed of the growth has been incredible.
The Chinese consumer is everybody. It's very simple.
What I think I sell with my clothes is confidence, so hopefully all my dresses, my accessories, are friends to the women. When you open the closet, and your eyes are swollen, and you don't like the way you look, you go to your friends.
I was 26 when I invented the wrap dress. It was just a nothing little printed dress made out an jersey, and before I know it, I lived an American Dream making more than 25,000 dresses a week.
We need to encourage designers and agencies to be responsible. We need to make sure everyone is sensitive to the issues. But to calculate the girls' body mass - I personally think it is demeaning.
As the president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, I represent the designers. And while we can by no means take the blame for eating disorders, we can play our part in addressing this important issue.
I was a very young girl and I got into fashion very much by accident, wanting to be independent. What was wonderful was that while I was learning and discovering - learning about the work, discovering myself as a woman - I was allowing other women to feel the same way.
Confidence. If you have it, you can make anything look good.
The wrap dress is the most traditional form of dressing: It's like a robe, it's like a kimono, it's like a toga. It doesn't have buttons or zippers. What made it different was that it was jersey; therefore, it was close to the body and it was a print.
I've always been inspired by women, and my mission was to inspire women. I always wanted to become a certain kind of woman, and I became that woman through fashion. It was a dialogue. I would see that the wrap dress made those women confident, and made them act with confidence.
I never modeled myself after anyone. The person who had most influence on me was my mother, but it was really for her strength and courage more than her style, even though she had a lot of style. In a weird way, looking at pictures of me when I was 17 or 18, I was dressing the same way. I haven't changed very much.
I was lucky enough to have it all. To be successful in business, to have children, to raise them on my own, and to travel and live my life. It was a lot of work, but it's a privilege to have been able to do it.
The best-dressed man is an Italian who is trying to look English, or an Englishman who is trying to look Italian.
I believe that all women should have children. I think women are made to have children and to be mothers. I also think women have to have an identity outside the home.
I don't think we should always look at the Chinese like they're taking jobs. They are also bring us more and more jobs. Because, they are the biggest growing consumer. I think what is going on in China is exciting.
I used the aspects of being a woman to my advantage, but I worked for myself, not a big corporation, so I was lucky to have the freedom to behave however I liked.
I had good legs, and I loved showing them off.
There are emerging countries. I mean, there are countries, you know, China, India, and Brazil, and all of these countries that are emerging. They are building homes. They are building - so there is a new lifestyle.
You need, in your closet, clothes that will - that you can use in many different ways. Clothes that make you fell comfortable, clothes that make you feel 'you.'
Women are strong. We can do it all. But not always at the same time.
When I was young, I lived like an old woman, and when I got old, I had to live like a young person.
Everyone knows I married a prince, and then I married a billionaire.
I don't like to talk about my dreams. I like to make them happen. I prefer to talk about them when they're done.
I didn't really know what I wanted to do, but I knew the woman I wanted to become.
My mother never, ever told me about evilness. She only saw the beautiful things... she wanted to protect me from it.
