Belgian,Designer
Clothes is just something you put on to cover yourself... fashion is a way to communicate.
For me, restrictions are not always negative. Restrictions can push creativity. I like restrictions.
Coincidence is important, the convergence of different ideas.
In the design process, there's a need to be culturally comprehensive.
I have a responsibility to the people who work for me, the manufacturers I work with. There is no point to clothes that don't sell.
People get this very romantic vision of a fashion designer who in one night makes 25 sketches and in the morning throws them on the table and there are a lot of women in white aprons with the pins on the lapel and they start to grab the sketches and... It's not like that.
When we were studying at the Royal Antwerp Academy, we were taught to seek inspiration from everyone, everything and everywhere. My parents and grandparents were also a great inspiration for me a very young age.
I like to choose my own way forward. I really do want to create something that I personally like a lot.
Various different people have inspired me throughout my career. From Francis Bacon to Vassareli, Coco Chanel to Christian Dior, Cecil Beaton, musicians, architects... the list is endless.
I think by my father owning a store, I was definitely aware of the commercial aspect of selling clothes. His shop was a place I enjoyed spending time in as a boy, so I learned things almost by osmosis at times, by literally just being around all the action and not really despite myself.
I prefer to see a good exhibit sponsored by a brand than a bad exhibit due to lack of funds.
I make clothes people can wear; I don't make art.
When I get very stressed, I make jam. I like things that produce a quick result, because fashion has such a long lead time. With jam, you start, and two-three hours later, you have 36 little pots, all full.
I prefer ugly things. I prefer things which are surprising.
Fashion shows are really my way of communication.
I have nothing against glamorous dressing.
One of the big luxuries of being in Antwerp is that I can easily walk in the city. In Paris and New York, I am more recognized.
My childhood was very, very, very, very traditional.
I love the journeys of research and discovery their development takes me on. I see prints as less 'decorative' than many might, and more fundamental to a garment's core.
I'm really hands-on. My team brings in elements, but, every season, it's kind of a personal struggle to find the balance and to see how far I want to push the elements.
All my collections are very personal. It's also because I'm so involved in making the collections.
I have my own office, and I'm there during the evenings and weekends. But during the week, I'm sitting in the middle of my studio, talking with everybody, deciding together every detail, every pallette, every yarn, every colour.
I don't design for myself. I design something keeping in mind that it has to please a lot of women.
I was a kid at the end of the 1960s and in the early 1970s, so a lot of things changed. You had pop music coming up, with David Bowie, you had new television programmes and all these things. I was fascinated.
I like it when you have something happening by coincidence. Just something in a book is enough. But I prefer a fragment of an image so you are far more free to bring in elements of your own.
Sometimes, to stimulate your imagination you have to be careful you don't have too much information. You can Google something, and it's in your face, pow! You don't have time to dream any more about it.
