Italian,Saint
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows.
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching.
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.
For it is in giving that we receive.
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
Above all the grace and the gifts that Christ gives to his beloved is that of overcoming self.
Men lose all the material things they leave behind them in this world, but they carry with them the reward of their charity and the alms they give. For these, they will receive from the Lord the reward and recompense they deserve.
Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.
It is not fitting, when one is in God's service, to have a gloomy face or a chilling look.
It is in pardoning that we are pardoned.
If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men.
Praised be You, my Lord, through Sister Moon and the stars; in the heavens, you have made them bright, precious and fair.
Great and glorious God, and Thou Lord Jesus, I pray you shed abroad your light in the darkness of my mind. Be found of me, Lord, so that in all things I may act only in accordance with Thy holy will.
No one is to be called an enemy, all are your benefactors, and no one does you harm. You have no enemy except yourselves.
Praised be You, my Lord, with all Your creatures, especially Sir Brother Sun, Who is the day through whom You give us light. And he is beautiful and radiant with great splendour; of You, Most High, he bears the likeness.
Where there is injury let me sow pardon.
Holy poverty confounds cupidity and avarice and the cares of this world.
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh.
We must not be wise and prudent according to the flesh. Rather, we must be simple, humble and pure.
Holy wisdom confounds Satan and all his wickednesses.
We should never desire to be over others. Instead, we ought to be servants who are submissive to every human being for God's sake.
Praised be You, my Lord, through our Sister, Mother Earth, who sustains and governs us, producing varied fruits with coloured flowers and herbs.
Holy charity confounds all diabolical and fleshly temptations and all fleshly fears.
