Saint
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels.
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.
Men go abroad to wonder at the heights of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of the rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motions of the stars, and they pass by themselves without wondering.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special attention to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you.
Punishment is justice for the unjust.
The greatest evil is physical pain.
In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?
God had one son on earth without sin, but never one without suffering.
Will is to grace as the horse is to the rider.
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us.
Resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die.
He that is jealous is not in love.
This is the very perfection of a man, to find out his own imperfections.
If you believe what you like in the gospels, and reject what you don't like, it is not the gospel you believe, but yourself.
If two friends ask you to judge a dispute, don't accept, because you will lose one friend; on the other hand, if two strangers come with the same request, accept because you will gain one friend.
He who created us without our help will not save us without our consent.
Love is the beauty of the soul.
Charity is no substitute for justice withheld.
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
In doing what we ought we deserve no praise, because it is our duty.
Find out how much God has given you and from it take what you need; the remainder is needed by others.
It is not the punishment but the cause that makes the martyr.
By faithfulness we are collected and wound up into unity within ourselves, whereas we had been scattered abroad in multiplicity.
My mind withdrew its thoughts from experience, extracting itself from the contradictory throng of sensuous images, that it might find out what that light was wherein it was bathed... And thus, with the flash of one hurried glance, it attained to the vision of That Which Is.
Don't you believe that there is in man a deep so profound as to be hidden even to him in whom it is?
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature.
God is best known in not knowing him.
There is no possible source of evil except good.
Grant what thou commandest and then command what thou wilt.
Who can map out the various forces at play in one soul? Man is a great depth, O Lord. The hairs of his head are easier by far to count than his feeling, the movements of his heart.
The verdict of the world is conclusive.
Hear the other side.
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me; and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.
The desire is thy prayers; and if thy desire is without ceasing, thy prayer will also be without ceasing. The continuance of your longing is the continuance of your prayer.
Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.
Forgiveness is the remission of sins. For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again.
Oh Lord, give me chastity, but do not give it yet.
Thou must be emptied of that wherewith thou art full, that thou mayest be filled with that whereof thou art empty.
To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
A thing is not necessarily true because badly uttered, nor false because spoken magnificently.
We are certainly in a common class with the beasts; every action of animal life is concerned with seeking bodily pleasure and avoiding pain.
This world's a bubble.
No eulogy is due to him who simply does his duty and nothing more.
We make a ladder for ourselves of our vices, if we trample those same vices underfoot.
He fashioned hell for the inquisitive.
Thou hast created us for Thyself, and our heart is not quiet until it rests in Thee.
What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.
We make ourselves a ladder out of our vices if we trample the vices themselves underfoot.
Passion is the evil in adultery. If a man has no opportunity of living with another man's wife, but if it is obvious for some reason that he would like to do so, and would do so if he could, he is no less guilty than if he was caught in the act.
If we did not have rational souls, we would not be able to believe.
Our bodies are shaped to bear children, and our lives are a working out of the processes of creation. All our ambitions and intelligence are beside that great elemental point.
The spiritual virtue of a sacrament is like light; although it passes among the impure, it is not polluted.
He who labours, prays.
We cannot pass our guardian angel's bounds, resigned or sullen, he will hear our sighs.
He that is kind is free, though he is a slave; he that is evil is a slave, though he be a king.
The soul, which is spirit, can not dwell in dust; it is carried along to dwell in the blood.
Blessedness consists in the accomplishment of our desires, and in our having only regular desires.
Custom is second nature.
