American,Driver
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the determination and commitment to unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
Do it no matter what. If you believe in it, it is something very honorable. If somebody around you or your family does not understand it, then that's their problem. But if you do have a passion, an honest passion, just do it.
A racing car is an animal with a thousand adjustments.
Circumstances may cause interruptions and delays, but never lose sight of your goal.
With tennis, you can go pick up a racket, take a lesson, and understand how much talent and skill it takes to be as good as the top pros. Same with golf: pick up a club. But not many can go out and get in a race car and experience a drive at over 200 miles an hour.
A father-son relationship is strong, like no other teammates. You could be straightforward with one another.
Whenever you're aggressive, you're at the edge of mistakes.
If you're so afraid of failure, you will never succeed. You have to take chances.
I don't have any feeling of accomplishment about anything unless there's a lot of risk to it.
In NASCAR, you can do a lot of banging around and get pretty serious and even get yourself upside down. All of those things can happen - and then you give an interview two seconds later.
Every NASCAR driver watches Formula One in the morning; they are well informed.
I count my blessings every day, quite honestly, because I take nothing for granted.
I love technology - yes, I have fallen in love with older cars, but I'm all for new technology.
There is so much more demand for Formula One than it can supply. You have governments investing in circuits all over the world, and the private sector sometimes has a tough time competing with that.
I see all these old people who don't have anything to do but eat, drink and sleep. I will never say 'retired' because that's such a finality that I don't want to be part of my life. I'll work until they throw me in a box.
If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.
Motor racing is like one big family, ultimately, and when you come back to it, that's really what it feels like.
Everything comes to those who wait... except a cat.
You do the best you can with what's thrown at you, then you try again.
If the Indy Racing League didn't have the Indianapolis 500, do you think it would have lasted more than six months? No chance.
You do a period of go-karting until you're at the age of qualifying for a ride in a 'school-kart,' then you qualify for driving school. And several of the driving schools have a competition series for their own students.
There's something special about racing in real streets. The 'artificial' circuits have a certain sameness to them. But every race conducted on real streets has a character of its own - Barcelona, Monaco, and now Long Beach.
The man upstairs is pushing the buttons, and if your name happens to be on that button, well, thank you.
It seemed like whenever I got a bona fide offer from Ferrari, I couldn't do it. And vice versa - when I was ready, their seats were taken. We always had a relationship, but what's important is that I pretty much started my F1 career with them and ended it there, too.
Foreign players is what makes golf so popular now.
I don't remember as a kid wanting to do or be anything else but drive something, be a race driver.
Anybody who can drive and doesn't come out of it a rich man is a fool.
All of the courses that run through real streets are very demanding. There is no room for error, no shoulders to lean on. If you go off the road, you're into somebody's shop-window or front porch.
The banked oval tracks are obsolete tracks for Indy cars.
At Indy, we are the NASA of the production-car world, and that's clearly why manufacturers are involved - it's such a good testbed.
Age doesn't affect driving - how do you like that?
My wife loves football, but I think she's resigned to the fact that I'll never make it there.
I still have the competitive spirit, which is good.
Tom Carnegie will never be replaced.
If you weren't on Chris Economaki's radar screen, you probably weren't on anybody's.
If a neighbor is killed in a car accident, do you sell your car and stop driving?
I've driven just about every kind of car there is.
I always say that every win has something that is special.
I've always said, 'I didn't have a Plan B in life.' I was in pursuit of my dream from the very beginning. It's all about desire and passion. At all costs.
At Andretti Winery, I'm not the winemaker.
I think it's counterproductive in many ways to pretend to know things you don't. You surround yourself with people who are the real experts.
You dream what you're supposed to do.
You should never get away from where the real foundation of Formula One has been, which is Europe. Of course, there is nothing wrong with the expansion to countries like Asia, China, Malaysia.
The United States is the only country where a driver can have a successful career - either in stock cars or IndyCar - and he won't need a passport.
I don't want to go out there and do something 3,000 other people can do.
In the U.S., we really have fallen short of road-racing facilities that have kept up with the times, unfortunately, but it's a fact.
I love all motor sports at the top level.
