Turkish,Politician
Democracy is like a streetcar. When you come to your stop, you get off.
A country without a strong leader will go down.
The Kurdish problem is not only the problem of one part of my nation: it is a problem of every one of us, including myself.
Similarly, gender-equality, supremacy of law, political participation, civil society, and transparency are among the indispensable elements that are the imperatives of democratization.
Your targets can only be realized on the basis of dreams.
Every country needs a strong leader in order to progress.
A fitting external security environment could also play an important role in promoting social consensus and institutionalization towards democratization.
Islam is a religion. It is not an ideology. For a Muslim, there is no such thing as to be against modernity. Why should a Muslim not be a modern person? I, as a Muslim, fulfill all the requirements of my religion, and I live in a democratic, social state.
Several experts on the Middle East concur that the Middle East cannot be democratized.
Therefore, the observation must be explicitly made: In the Middle East and in the Muslim world, suspicions linger concerning the objectives of the West and notably the US.
So far, I have not come to any of the positions that I have filled through wanting to be there. I was sought - people wanted me to come to those posts. I am talking about all my positions: mayor of Istanbul, chairman of the party, prime minister.
A political party cannot have a religion. Only individuals can. Otherwise, you'd be exploiting religion, and religion is so supreme that it cannot be exploited or taken advantage of.
I am one of the first political leaders officially declaring that anti-Semitism is a crime. I expect an official declaration that Islamophobia is a crime against humanity as well.
If you're the leader, you have to communicate the message of immortality to your people. Because I believe if a leader hides behind a rock, then the people will hide behind a mountain.
Even in the Western world, one cannot argue that the ideal has been achieved given the existence of issues like the integration, participation and representation of Muslim citizens, and occasional but lingering anti-Semitism.
I take the debate on the method of promoting democracy seriously.
A confidence problem exists on the part of the people of the region who desire democratic rule in principle, but remain suspicious of both the fashion with which democratization is presented and the purposes of the democratic world.
We have never done anything to stop freedom of expression or freedom of press.
According to this view, democracy is a product of western culture, and it cannot be applied to the Middle East which has a different cultural, religious, sociological and historical background.
There is no Kurdish problem.
My nation wants the death penalty. That is the decision of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey.
But foremost, I do not subscribe to the view that Islamic culture and democracy cannot be reconciled.
The US and the European Union needs to help in the translation of the demand for democracy into a political will.
Family planning, birth control, no Muslim family can practice such an understanding.
Our country and our nation have again only one message to those who attack us - you will not succeed!
Jerusalem is holy to three religions. You have to respect that.
Paramount is the need to secure human rights. The form of rule should be such that the citizen does not have to fear the State, but gives it direction and confidently participates in its administration.
It is obvious that putting the Arab-Israeli dispute on a resolution track would be an important element of overcoming the confidence problem in the region.
Everyone should unconditionally accept that Israel is an indispensable element of the Middle Eastern mosaic.
Invariably, also a Palestinian state should live side by side with Israel within recognized and secure borders and the security and prosperity of the Palestinian people must be guaranteed.
I am a person who is inclined to define relations between individuals based on principles.
It is impossible to preserve my friendship with people who are allegedly leaders when they are attacking their own people, shooting at them, using tanks and other forms of heavy weaponry.
My legal bond with the A.K.P. may have ended the day I took the presidential oath of office, but my bonds of love have never ended and never will.
The members of the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria are also part of the Syrian people, and they have the right to exercise their democratic rights.
If we believe in a democratic system, we have to accept the will of the people.
In the process of the Arab Spring, we have unfortunately seen a development in Syria where the regime has been oppressing its people.
Before anything else, I'm a Muslim. As a Muslim, I try to comply with the requirements of my religion. I have a responsibility to God, who created me, and I try to fulfill that responsibility. But I try now very much to keep this away from my political life, to keep it private.
Turkey is a sovereign state, just like the U.S. We might go to different directions, in terms of our impressions and ideas, but we'll always remain friends.
We're really willing to see more and more U.S. entrepreneurs conducting investments in Turkey. I'm optimistic for the future.
We have a very significant number of Jewish citizens, and they have always been safe and secure where they are in Turkey.
Time to time I get together with the rabbis, with religious leaders, leaders of congregations, and I talk to them, and wherever a need arises, we do everything we can to meet those needs.
A woman who abstains from motherhood saying 'I am working' means she is in fact rejecting motherhood.
Nazism is still widespread in the West.
The fact that a woman is attached to her professional life should not prevent her from being a mother.
Strong families lead to strong nations.
Those who stand on our side in the fight against terrorism are our friend. Those on the opposite side are our enemy.
There is no difference, where aims are concerned, between a terrorist with a gun and bomb in his hand and a terrorist who has dollars, euros, and interest rates.
If you think you can finish ISIS off with the PYD and YPG, you cannot, because they are terrorist groups as well.
Those who claim we buy oil from Daesh are obliged to prove it. If not, you are slanderer.
We are concerned that Germany, which has protected the PKK and DHKP-C for years, has become the backyard of the Gulenist terror organisation.
Germany has become an important haven for terrorists.
I'm calling on the United States: what kind of strategic partners are we, that you can still host someone whose extradition I have asked for?
If the E.U. is going to make Turkey a full member, we are ready.
During the Gezi protests and PKK terror campaigns, the unity and solidarity of the Turkish nation were attacked.
All terror groups are bad, and we shall fight them all.
You cannot defend a terrorist group just because they are fighting Daesh.
I have already said that I find the coalition air strikes to be insufficient. A ground intervention will be necessary to overcome Daesh.
The PKK is the number one threat in terms of terror in our country.
We of course define all terror organizations as threats, but the PKK is the primary threat.
I consider personally the election of Barack Hussein Obama to have very great symbolic meaning. A Muslim and a Christian name - so in his name there is a synthesis, although people from time to time want to overlook that, and they do it intentionally.
If everyone can say, looking at Obama, that is he is one of us, is that not befitting for the leading country in the world?
Russia is not engaged in a fight against Daesh in Syria. On the contrary, they are actually targeting moderate opposition.
A federated structure in Iraq based on ethnicity or religious sects will not be healthy.
Attempts by one ethnic group to exercise sovereignty over another are not fair. It doesn't matter if that ethnicity is Kurdish, Turkish, Arabic, Chaldean or whatever.
The E.U. should want Turkey to be part of it.
If the European Union wants to be an address where civilizations meet, it must take Turkey in.
Once the people of Iraq know when the U.S. troops will leave, their confidence in the U.S. will increase.
Russia and Iran back Assad, but are they fighting Daesh? The answer is 'no.'
We have to fight all terrorist groups, and not arm one to fight another.
Engaging in actions which are not allowed by law should have certain prices to pay.
Satire, whether it be satire or not, everything has to have boundaries.
A simple caricature, a simple sketch - that's fine. There's nothing wrong with that. But if you draw up a caricature... if you associate that subject with the things you're not supposed to, then, of course, you can't expect that to be acceptable.
We have extradited terrorists to the United States in the past. And we expect the same thing to be done by the United States.
I cannot deceive my people.
Turkey must feel at ease. It mustn't say, 'For me, it's the European Union at all costs.' That's my view.
Why shouldn't Turkey be in the Shanghai Five?
