Argentinian,Architect
There may be some changes in building codes, but I don't see any stylistic departure that you'll be able to attribute to Sept. 11.
I've always loved three-sided patios. Courtyard plans are very common, but it's rare that it has one side open.
I see my buildings as pieces of cities, and in my designs I try to make them into responsible and contributing citizens.
When I finished high school, I was 16, and in Argentina you have to choose a career right after high school. There is no such thing as a liberal arts education.
When I started designing in school, I discovered that I had a knack for it. I fell completely in love with architecture, and I remain in love with it.
I would have loved to be the designer of the Capitol of the United States. I would love to do some important major public building.
I always look forward to the next project. That is one of the wonderful things about architecture - you always can hope for another project to design.
The World Trade Center was for me not only out of scale vertically, but it was also out of scale in plan. It occupied several blocks that were all massed together.
I realize that having a style would be very beneficial for my practice from a marketing standpoint, but I can't do it. I believe my responsibilities as an architect are to design the most appropriate building for the place. Each place has a distinct culture and function, which for me requires an appropriate answer.
One of America's strengths has always been its openness to the new: both new ideas and new people.
We are very proud of our design for the Transbay Transit Center. This will be a beautiful, functional and sustainable building for San Francisco.
The Connecticut Center for Science and Exploration will be a building that will connect the excitement of science to the surrounding streets, river and highway. These forms are ambitious and dynamic. They appear to reach out beyond their physical limits.
I'm particularly interested in the public role that all buildings play. I believe that we architects should try to go beyond our basic obligations to the public, and our opportunities to do so are many.
My buildings are like my children, so I cannot have favorites.
Architecture adds dimensions to my life that would be impossible to acquire if I retired. The beautiful thing about architecture is that every project is brand new. I am forced to renew myself with every project. Isn't that wonderful?
