Dutch,Architect
What is now called 'green architecture' is an opportunistic caricature of a much deeper consideration of the issues related to sustainability that architecture has been engaged with for many years. It was one of the first professions that was deeply concerned with these issues and that had an intellectual response to them.
The areas of consensus shift unbelievably fast; the bubbles of certainty are constantly exploding.
Asia is still dominated by skyscrapers. I hope that, in European cities, it will become a declining trend. They were almost never necessary.
Architects work in two ways. One is to respond precisely to a client's needs or demands. Another is to look at what the client asks and reinterpret it.
Journalists seem mostly interested in what brand of shoes I wear.
That has been my entire life story, running against the current and running with the current. Sometimes running with the current is underestimated.
The acceptance of certain realities doesn't preclude idealism. It can lead to certain breakthroughs.
We felt it was very important for an entity like CCTV to make its presence felt... To generate a space and to define a space, that is the main thing.
We live in an almost perfect stillness and work with incredible urgency.
Infrastructure is much more important than architecture.
I am incredibly bad at predicting the future; I am only smart enough to observe the present and listen to my intuition about tendencies.
People can inhabit anything. And they can be miserable in anything and ecstatic in anything. More and more I think that architecture has nothing to do with it. Of course, that's both liberating and alarming.
But now sustainability is such a political category that it's getting more and more difficult to think about it in a serious way. Sustainability has become an ornament.
A building has at least two lives - the one imagined by its maker and the life it lives afterward - and they are never the same.
It's a weird city because the uglier the weather, the more beautiful the city. And the uglier the buildings, the more coherent the city.
Our office acts like a kind of educational establishment and we are very careful who we educate.
Influence is a very unpleasant subject and I deal with it in a maybe irresponsible way, which is to really ignore it. It would be a nightmare if we started to really think about it; it would tie our hands, it would tie everyone else's hands.
The work in S, M, L, XL was almost suicidal. It required so much effort that our office almost went bankrupt.
I think one of the important evolutions is that we no longer feel compulsively the need to argue, or to justify things on a kind of rational level. We are much more willing to admit that certain things are completely instinctive and others are really intellectual.
Any architectural project we do takes at least four or five years, so increasingly there is a discrepancy between the acceleration of culture and the continuing slowness of architecture.
Not many architects have the luxury to reject significant things.
If you have this reputation you can sit back and endure it, or you can try to do things with it.
Escape from the architecture ghetto is one of the major drivers and has been from the very beginning.
The luxury of our position now is that we can almost assemble any team to address any issue.
The great problem of the concert hall is that the shoebox is the ideal shape for acoustics but that no architect worth their names wants to build a shoebox.
The thing is that I have a really intense, almost compulsive need to record. But it doesn't end there, because what I record is somehow transformed into a creative thing. There is a continuity. Recording is the beginning of a conceptual production. I am somehow collapsing the two - recording and producing - into a single event.
