American,Economist
Jobs offshoring began with manufacturing, but the rise of the high-speed Internet made it possible to move offshore tradable professional skills, such as software engineering, information technology, various forms of engineering, architecture, accounting, and even the medical reading of MRIs and CT-Scans.
Humans regard animals as worthy of protection only when they are on the verge of extinction.
The Golden Rule is to 'do unto others as you would have them do unto you.' Allegedly, America is a Christian country. This means that Christian America is following Jesus' Sermon on the Mount in a masochistic way.
Many foolish people believe that nuclear war cannot happen, because there can be no winner. However, the American war planners, who elevated U.S. nuclear weapons from a retaliatory role to a pre-emptive first strike function, obviously do not agree that nuclear war cannot be won.
Because of the failure of the federal government to enforce federal law, we now have 'banks too big to fail,' unregulated Internet monopoly, and the evisceration of a dispersed and independent media.
The neoconservative doctrine declares that it is the principal goal of U.S. foreign policy to prevent the rise of any country that would have sufficient power to serve as a check on American unilateralism. This neoconservative doctrine puts Russia and China in Washington's crosshairs.
In the United States, journalists receive awards for lying for the government and for the corporations.
Vice is Washington's signature. A fish rots from the head, and Washington has led our country into vice, greed, selfishness, and the mockery and destruction of human life.
Both political parties, Republicans and Democrats, are dependent on the same private interest groups for campaign funds, so both parties dance to the same masters.
Progressives regard government as the white knight that protects the public from the greed of capitalists. If only.
If it turns out that global warming and ocean acidification are consequences of capitalism's carbon-based energy system, the entire world could end up dead from the external costs of capitalism.
Everyone who ever trusted Washington has been betrayed. Possibly there is an exception somewhere, but the betrayals are vast and are sufficient in number to define Washington as the least trusted entity on the earth.
Clearly America is exceptional in its immorality, lack of human compassion, and disrespect for law and its founding document.
Looting is the only way left for the Western financial system to make money.
Whether one has a favorable or unfavorable opinion of unions, their demise is also the demise of countervailing power. A system in which there is no countervailing power is a tyranny in which power is unconstrained and unaccountable.
The public subsidies provided to miners, loggers, and ranchers are as extravagant and as harmful to the public interest as the subsidies that the Federal Reserve and Treasury provide to the 'banks too big to fail.'
The Western media is a Ministry of Truth that operates full-time in support of the artificial existence that Westerners live inside The Matrix where Westerners exist without thought. Considering their inaptitude and inaction, Western peoples might as well not exist.
Washington is a black hole into which all sanity is sucked out of government deliberations.
The government, of course, will print money to bail out the banks' uncovered casino bets, but not to bail out the elderly from the theft of their funds.
For a country to be looted, its people's voice must be silenced.
Marx and Lenin were ahead of their time. Marx wrote before offshoring of jobs and the financialization of the economy. Lenin presided over a communist revolution that jumped the gun by taking place in a country in which feudal elements still predominated over capitalism.
The U.S. is ruled by private interest groups and by the neoconservative ideology that history has chosen the U.S. as the 'exceptional and indispensable' country with the right and responsibility to impose its will on the world.
The neoconservative ideology supports American financial and military-political imperialism or hegemony.
The concentration of U.S. income and wealth in the hands of the very rich is a new development in my lifetime.
If all countries are exceptional, the word loses its meaning.
The financial markets are rigged by the big banks, the Federal Reserve, and the Treasury in the interests of the profits of the few big banks and the dollar's exchange value, which is the basis of U.S. power.
A government that cannot survive truth and must resort to stamping out truth is not a government that any country wants.
The Transatlantic and Transpacific Trade and Investment Partnerships have nothing to do with free trade. 'Free trade' is used as a disguise to hide the power these agreements give to corporations to use lawsuits to overturn sovereign laws of nations that regulate pollution, food safety, GMOs, and minimum wages.
The office of U.S. Trade Representative was created in order to permit corporations to write law that serves only their interests.
There are no free financial markets in America or, for that matter, anywhere in the Western word, and few, if any, free markets of any other kind.
The Soviet Union was a partial check on capitalist looting in the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. However, with the Soviet collapse, capitalist looting intensified during the Clinton, Bush, and Obama regimes.
Corporations and Wall Street in pursuit of short-term profits have given the economy away.
The American people and the entire world need to understand that the threat to life on earth resides in Washington and that until Washington is fundamentally and totally changed, this threat will remain as the worse threat to life on earth.
It is impossible to work out a reduction in nuclear threat as long as one side is going all out to demonize the other.
The propagandistic American 'media' and the crazed neoconservatives have set humanity on the path to destruction.
I have come to the conclusion that capitalism is successful primarily because it can impose the majority of the costs associated with its economic activities on outside parties and on the environment.
In the U.S., society and the environment have to pick up the tab produced by capitalist activity.
The unambigious fact is that U.S. capitalism is a mechanism for looting the many for the benefit of the few.
If you want to learn real economics instead of neoliberal junk economics, read Michael Hudson's books.
Hillary Clinton, an agent for the Oligarchy, was defeated despite the vicious media campaign against Donald Trump. This shows that the media and the political establishments of the political parties no longer have credibility with the American people.
Trump has more understanding and insight than his opponents realize. For a man such as Trump to risk acquiring so many powerful enemies and to risk his wealth and reputation, he had to have known that the people's dissatisfaction with the ruling establishment meant he could be elected president.
I did not think the Oligarchy would allow Trump to win. However, it seems that the oligarchs were deceived by their own media propaganda.
The Federal Trade Commission is supposed to enforce U.S. anti-trust law. Instead, the federal agency routinely violates U.S. anti-trust law by permitting monopoly concentrations of business interests.
If the Obama regime gave a hoot about 'humanitarian crisis,' the Obama regime would not have orchestrated humanitarian crisis in Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and Yemen.
The offshoring of American jobs by global corporations and the deregulation of the U.S. financial system have resulted in American economic failure.
War is the only destination to which Washington can lead.
Peace is costly to the profits of the military/security complex. Washington's gigantic military and security interests are far more powerful than the peace lobby.
When America's Newspaper of Record is nothing but a propaganda ministry, what is America?
The foreign policy of the United States rests entirely on propagandistic lies.
God made a mistake when he gave to humans, infected as they are with evil, jurisdiction over Earth. He should have given jurisdiction to animals.
Elephants are magnificient creatures.
Putin responds to threats, to illegal sanctions, and to incessant propaganda with statements that governments need to respect each other's national interests and to work together for common benefit. No politician in the West speaks in this way.
I have no sympathy for debunking human achievements that, in the end, gave ordinary people liberty.
Beginning with the Clinton Administration and rapidly accelerating with the George W. Bush and Obama regimes and Tony Blair in England, the U.S. and U.K. governments have run roughshod over their accountability to law.
Western capitalism is a looting mechanism. It loots labor. It loots the environment, and with the transpacific and transatlantic 'partnerships,' it will loot the sovereign law of countries.
Governments unaccountable to law are tyrannies, whatever they might call themselves, no matter how exceptional and indispensable they declare themselves to be.
Clearly the climate is changing, whether caused by CO2 emissions or some other cause.
The planet is being polluted with many forms of wastes.
On one hand, our food is polluted with herbicides and on the other hand by antibiotics. And then we have hormones and pesticides.
Capitalists make money by exploiting labor and by externalizing the costs of the wastes produced by the productive process by imposing the wastes on the environment.
It is the nature of government and of technology to establish control.
People everywhere face the threat of control by government and technology.
As truth is Washington's worst enemy, everyone associated with the truth is Washington's enemy.
Clearly what differentiates the U.S. from other countries is the U.S. Constitution. The Constitution defines us as a people. Without the Constitution, we would be a different country. Therefore, to lose the Constitution is to lose the country.
In 21st century America, capitalism has been unfettered from the regulations that democratized it and made it serve society.
When I was a young man, an individual with one million dollars was very rich. Anyone with a few millions more was considered richer than rich.
There is no reason for a person to have thousands of millions of dollars.
Every public institution in the United States and most private ones are corrupt.
Law is just one public institution, but it is a cornerstone of society. When law goes, everything goes.
Few Americans other than the One Percent have a stake in the American economic and political system.
Globalism is a scheme for impoverishing First World labor and taking power and influence from the hands of the many and putting them in the hands of the few.
The champions of globalism are the champions of America's destruction.
I have come to the conclusion that the West is a vast lie machine for the secret agendas of vested interests.
