Malaysian,Politician
Together we will act to bring about national reconciliation, secure Malaysia's economic future, and build a stronger, more harmonious society.
In spite of the huge diversity in Malaysia in terms of religion, culture, race, ethnicity and so forth, we've really gone very far in developing this country.
Don't gamble the future of your children and Malaysia; think and contemplate because your vote will determine not only the future of the country but also your grandchildren.
This mandate that I seek is about continuity and sustainability against disruption and stagnation, about moving forward versus regressing. We have to safeguard what we have already achieved. We cannot put at risk what we have; we cannot gamble away our future.
What I'm trying to do is get a change in the mindset so people move from a level of mere tolerance to total acceptance and eventually to celebrate diversity. If you feel comfortable with one another, it doesn't matter whether we live in which neighbourhood but we can interact with one another freely. It's a mindset.
My priority is to ensure peace and harmony in Malaysia. That is uppermost in my mind.
It so happens, in Malaysia, the people who are in a way not doing as well constitute the majority of the people - the Bumiputeras.
I would argue that Asean has been instrumental in driving both economic growth and political development, and that there can be no clearer example than its relations with Myanmar.
Agreeing to share prosperity, rather than let it divide us, is infinitely preferable to the alternative.
I speak for all Malaysians in expressing my admiration for the Queen and the grace, poise and selflessness with which she has carried out her duties during her long reign. She represents the very best of British traits: dignity, resilience and hard work.
The vast majority of Malaysians are sensible people; they're moderates, they want peace, they want harmonious race relations at home. They look for national unity.
Moderate doesn't mean that you're a wimp - far from it. It means that you've chosen a path because you believe that's the only way for global harmony and peace.
It's very alarming to see what's happening in the Muslim world. And it's about time we come to our senses and realize that moderation is the only path that will ensure peace and stability for the Muslim world, and for the wider world.
The world is changing quickly and we must be ready to change with it or risk being left behind.
Prostitution and corruption are two things that mankind has had to live with for so long.
My heart reaches out to those whose loved ones were lost on MH17.
I keep on saying, being moderate is fundamental to Islam.
You must make sure that the majority of the people are not marginalized.
If we can increase the share of Islamic finance for the world, countries can benefit - and certainly, Malaysia can benefit from that.
The disappearance of MH370 has tested our collective resolve.
Instead of passing on choppy waters to the next generation, we should endeavor to leave them a calmer sea.
I am concerned if 25 percent of Americans think that President Obama is a Muslim. I mean, it's obviously a lack of knowledge. But also, it's for the Muslims as well, you know, because a small numbers of Muslims have really painted a very negative image of Islam.
Anyone who wants to be part of the political process should adopt values that are compatible with democracy.
We have lost a lot of ground to the extremists in the Middle East.
Anything to do with any new form of tax, like consumption tax in Japan, carbon tax in Australia, these are big issues that cannot be easily decided.
I've made Umno more democratic, more inclusive. Of course, by doing that, I'm putting myself at risk.
Giving subsidies is a two-edged sword. Once you give it, it's very hard to take away subsidies. There's a political cost to taking away subsidies.
