American,Soldier
It's a huge edge, sometime life-saving, to adopt a good idea early and put it into practice.
Training programs shouldn't be designed to deliver competence; they must be dedicated to producing excellence. Serious organizations don't aspire to be comfortably above average.
Small unit autonomy, breaking the right rules, cultural influence, and relationship building has always been the heart Special Operations. Something must be done to ensure these are not lost to the big machine of SOCOM.
Being a Navy SEAL and sniper taught me all about risk management. Take away all the risk variables under your control and reduce it to an acceptable level. The same fundamentals apply in business.
It ends all things: birds, trees, flowers, mountain tops, and business; it grinds stones to sand, and as terrible as it is, and it's the most beautiful thing we have in our lives - time.
A good decision executed quickly is better than a great one never executed.
The game of political music chairs and finger-pointing by career politicians and agency bureaucrats needs to end.
Great leaders know that adversity produces the greatest opportunities in life.
It takes guts to realize you screwed up and to then come clean without any excuses.
The Special Ops community has always been about mental toughness.
The 'Patriot Act,' 'Enhancing domestic security,' and 'Protect America' all sound great - until you realize that they're catch phrases for programs that contain roving wire taps without a warrant and the collection and sale of your personal information to the U.S. government.
It's every teacher's job to be rigorous about constantly being open to new ideas and innovation.
Fighter pilots and special operations forces guys have the same DNA.
Mainstream news covers war and gets everything wrong. I'd rather learn what's happening from soldiers with combat experience. It's like a former NFL player giving play-by-play. We bring the expert commentary.
There's a lot of SEALs who hate me and claim I've broken our code of silence.
I'm real careful doing public appearances because look at what happened to my friend Chris Kyle.
The Special Operations community is rooted in unconventional warfare.
The guys who don't make it through SEAL training are the Rambo wannabes. If you cannot work in a team format but also function autonomously, you won't last for very long.
We saw the integration of the female pilots in the Navy, in combat roles, and the resistance there in the beginning.
I sleep well at night.
I think Afghanistan has turned into the Vietnam of my generation, only with a better homecoming.
Violence of action, as we call it in the Spec Ops community, will often change the odds in your favor.
Bad people will find a way to do harm, whether it's homemade explosives, illegal weapons, or flying planes into buildings. Restricting law-abiding citizens' right to bear arms is not the answer.
With rare exceptions, Hollywood typically casts Spec Ops guys as macho, swaggering strongmen. As usual, Hollywood's got it wrong.
If I had to identify the one skill set shared by most by the men who become part of the SEAL teams... it would be sheer brainpower.
If you're going to break the rules, you have to live with the consequences.
Great performers - in sports, the arts, business, or whatever field - have undertaken massive amounts of training. And when that training is complete... they train some more, and harder than they expect to perform. Why? Training builds confidence and ensures peak performance.
World records aren't broken in practice, and competitive environments and adversity are the birthplace of champions.
My big problem with Hillary and the Department of State where Benghazi is concerned is there is just no accountability.
Veteran causes are an extremely important issue, especially the transition from military to civilian life.
Chris Kyle was a human being, a Texan, Navy SEAL, father, husband, brother, friends to many, and a hero to many; this, at a time when we need all the heroes we can get. I knew him to be a good person, regardless of all the hype floating around in the media.
The rules of engagement when I was in Afghanistan were very flexible. When you're at war, you're at war.
I was happy to be in Afghanistan, doing these real-world operations and taking the fight to the terrorists that attacked us.
I am proud to be a SEAL and serve in the military.
A lesson learned, both in the SEAL teams and as an entrepreneur, is that failure is sometimes a critical component of success.
Ever since wars have been fought, guys have been writing their stories.
It's important for Americans to know what the guys fighting the wars have been experiencing, not just from the perspective of a talking-head politician or a four-star general.
Three days doesn't sound like a very long time, and under normal, everyday circumstances, it's not - but under POW camp conditions, it doesn't take long to wear down a man's sanity.
I am not a tall man.
I'm a big fan of economist Milton Freidman.
Like it or not, Jesse Ventura is a Navy SEAL. He did the pushups and put up with the cold water, just like the rest of us.
The sniper is like a highly skilled surgeon, practicing his craft on the battlefield.
The people with whom I've worked in the Special Operations community are more concerned with an individual's contribution to the team, and their ability to do their job exceptionally well, than their race or sexual preferences.
