American,Soldier
Build me a son, O Lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when he is afraid, one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
Duty, Honor, Country. Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear - kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor - with the cry of grave national emergency.
Like the old soldier of the ballad, I now close my military career and just fade away, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty. Goodbye.
Old soldiers never die; they just fade away.
We are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction.
I am concerned for the security of our great Nation; not so much because of any threat from without, but because of the insidious forces working from within.
You are remembered for the rules you break.
The world is in a constant conspiracy against the brave. It's the age-old struggle: the roar of the crowd on the one side, and the voice of your conscience on the other.
Americans never quit.
There is no substitute for victory.
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
Never give an order that can't be obeyed.
It is part of the general pattern of misguided policy that our country is now geared to an arms economy which was bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and nurtured upon an incessant propaganda of fear.
There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity.
They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.
One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion, which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda.
I have known war as few men now living know it. It's very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a means of settling international disputes.
Part of the American dream is to live long and die young. Only those Americans who are willing to die for their country are fit to live.
I suppose, in a way, this has become part of my soul. It is a symbol of my life. Whatever I have done that really matters, I've done wearing it. When the time comes, it will be in this that I journey forth. What greater honor could come to an American, and a soldier?
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding.
In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash.
