Soldier
The black shadow cares for itself, not for you.
The Jew is a devil in human form. It is fitting that he be exterminated root and branch.
It is written in the Jewish law book, the Talmud, that only the Jew is human, that Gentiles are only animals.
There must be a punitive expedition against the Jews in Russia, a punitive expedition which will expect: death sentence and execution. Then the world will see the end of the Jews is also the end of Bolshevism.
When the Jews speak of humanity, they mean only the totality of Jews.
The victory will be only entirely and finally achieved when the whole world is free of Jews.
As long as these blood brothers are our leaders, and as long as your party officials are Jewish lackeys, you will be no threat to the big money men.
But it is a fact that within Jewry there exists a sect which engaged in these murders.
It is an open secret that Jews do not work, but rather let others work for them.
It was the same in World War I, when Woodrow Wilson, also a tool of the Jews, maneuvered it into the war.
My life's mission is to unmask the Jews.
One has to be foolish or irredeemably stupid to believe that anything good can come to Europe from the land of presumed opportunity.
Ritual murder is referred to in court files which are located in Rome. There are pictures in it which show that in 23 cases, the Church itself has dealt with the question.
Seeking fortunes in America led to Germany losing people, and the American continent received many people whose contributions are particularly clear in the agricultural and technical fields.
The descendants of European immigrants do not govern the United States of America today. The foreign and domestic policies of the country are made by the Jews and their lackeys.
The diplomatic representatives of the United States of America to other nations are almost entirely Jews.
The family ties between hundreds of thousands of German families and their American relatives led many to think that America would never join a second war against Germany.
The Jew always lives from the blood of other peoples, he needs such murders and such sacrifices.
The Jews are a race and not a religion. My goal was not to persecute the Jews but to enlighten Gentiles to put them on guard.
The president of the United States and his secretary of state were made honorary Hebrews.
There was reference made to a book written in Greek by a former Rabbi who had been converted to Christianity. There was reference to a publication of a high clergyman of Milan. Not even did Jews raise objections to that book.
To this day, I do not believe that five million were killed. I consider it technically impossible that could have happened. I do not believe it. I have not received proof of that up until now.
When someone succeeded in quickly making a lot of money in America, people said he had made his fortune.
