American,Soldier
When you form a team, why do you try to form a team? Because teamwork builds trust and trust builds speed.
People need to be cautious because anything built by man can be destroyed by Mother Nature.
Leadership is working with goals and vision; management is working with objectives.
The National Guard has served America as both a wartime force and the first military responders in times of domestic crisis. Hundreds of times each year, the nation's governors call upon their Guard troops to respond to fires, floods, hurricanes and other natural disasters.
This is a Disaster. This isn't something somebody can control. We ain't stuck on stupid.
They went into stores to get food to stay alive. Looting isn't the right word. I call it survival.
Hurricane Sandy was one of the most vicious storm systems to hit the New York City area in nearly two centuries.
In the military, as in any organization, giving the order might be the easiest part. Execution is the real game.
If I'm a leader, I have a mission.
You know, we lose more homes every year to flooding than we do any other event in America.
By-and-large, these are families that are just waiting to get out of here. They are frustrated; I would be, too. I get frustrated at the cash register counter when the paper runs out.
During the aftermath of Katrina, National Guard troops were positioned on every block to establish a sense of safety and source of help for the people in need. They did not leave communities until people were safe and sound.
Who is affected more when it's cold? Poor people. Who is affected more when it's hot? Poor people. Who is affected more when it's wet? Poor people. Who is most affected when the economy is bad? Poor people. Poor people are the most fragile.
Before Katrina, it was a longstanding tradition in our country for political officials to wait until the last minute to warn, to take action, to evacuate. No more. With Irene, you had mass evacuations - mandatory ones - issued days ahead of time. That was the right thing to do.
Leadership means forming a team and working toward common objectives that are tied to time, metrics, and resources.
I told myself I'd stay in until I reached major, and then go on and do something else.
America needs to get over it. We can't control everything. We can't control the storms.
I can't swing a dead cat without hitting a reporter.
You can't vote that water out of the city of New Orleans.
The preparations are what they are. We're here. The storm is coming. We are as best prepared as we can be as the eye of the storm approaches.
I think American industry has lost perspective about their products.
You cannot depend on a sandbag dike to save your life. You put it up to try to save your property.
Superstorm Sandy inflicted havoc and heartache throughout the Northeast, hitting the Big Apple and its surrounding coastal towns hard.
