American,Actor
Interesting things always come from being really exhausted and really sick.
In the military, you learn the essence of people. You see so many examples of self-sacrifice and moral courage. In the rest of life, you don't get that many opportunities to be sure of your friends.
Just having the internet is a weird and dangerous thing because people become accustomed to knowing things when they want to know them and not having to work for it. I definitely see the value in not knowing everything and having mystery in life and mystery in people.
Even on your hiatus, you feel like you need to keep the character in the back of your brain.
I never played sports or got into the whole guy camaraderie of, like, 'I love you, man! Seniors forever!' So suddenly being in the military with these guys who were under these very heightened circumstances, isolated from their families, living this very kind of Greek lifestyle, it changed my life in a really big way.
When you get out of the Marine Corps, you feel like you can do anything.
I've seen incredible acts of humanity in the military because people put themselves aside, and it's about the other person.
You have to be forward-moving and able to balance a lot of things at the same time. I attribute a lot of that to the Marine Corps and Juilliard both.
I think it's a common misconception in the civilian community that the military community is filled with just drills and discipline and pain. They forget that these are humans who are in an abnormal situation.
I used to eat a whole chicken, every day, for lunch. I did that for four years. But it got tiring - go to the store, buy it, eat it. It's a mess.
I did plays in high school, but I was convinced you couldn't make a living doing it. You don't have a lot of options in Indiana anyway, though, so I didn't want to stay there. I graduated early and worked a bunch of really odd jobs, and then I joined the Marines.
Just being in the military, you're so violent. We got into fights about just random things all the time. I don't think as aggressively as I did when I was in the Marine Corps.
September 11 happened, and all my friends were like, 'Let's join the military!' and I was the only one who actually did.
I loved being in the Marine Corps, I loved my job in the Marine Corps, and I loved the people I served with. It's one of the best things I've had a chance to do.
I auditioned in Chicago for Juilliard and didn't get in. I was basically living in a back room of my parents' house, paying rent and not doing anything with my life. I'd like to say it was patriotic to join the Marines, but it was also that I was doing nothing honorable with my life and spending too much time at McDonald's.
I don't feel like I have to dress up to go to the deli.
With 'Girls'... I feel like there's an impulse to try to make it look better or neater or more perfect, and when I watch theater, television, movies, it's always the imperfection I'm always more attracted to.
There's something really exciting about playing someone where you're given license to be unpredictable.
You have friends, and they die. You have a disease, someone you care about has a disease, Wall Street people are scamming everyone, the poor get poorer, the rich get richer. That's what we're surrounded by all the time.
The Marine Corps is some of the best acting training you could have. Having that responsibility for people's lives, suddenly time becomes a really valuable commodity and you want to make the most of it. And for acting, you just have to do the work, just keep doing it.
It's hard to kill that father-son bond.
I don't have cable. I just never watched a lot of TV.
Juilliard definitely emphasizes the theater. They don't train - at all really - for film acting. It's mostly process-oriented, pretty much for the stage.
I actually run a non-profit where one of the main objectives is to branch out and get a new audience for the theater. Just because the writing is so good and nothing is more effective than seeing something live and happening right in front of your face, so I definitely want to continue to pursue that.
I'm conflicted with theater in the city because you want to reach a diverse audience, and that audience doesn't typically go to the theater.
Acting is a business and a political act and a craft, but I also feel like it's a service - specifically, for a military audience.
I was born in California. When I was six, we moved to a small town in northern Indiana called Mishawaka.
I think some of my best theatre training has been in the Marine Corps. Not only meeting a bunch of characters, but growing up. You're in really adult situations at a young age, as far as being in charge of people.
My grandpa was in the Navy, but it wasn't something that was expected or planned for me to do.
I've got weird conflicting feelings about my generation.
There's a kind of immediacy that comes with being constantly connected that I don't really relate to in my generation.
How do you take what you do as seriously as possible but not so seriously that it ends up inhibiting what you do?
I'm not such a big fan of having a linear answer to things.
We don't understand why we're here, no one's giving us an answer, religion is vague, your parents can't help because they're just people, and it's all terrible, and there's no meaning to anything.
I'm like a sight gag.
I have this really big face.
Costume people are always saying they don't have clothes big enough for me.
When I read for 'Girls,' I was like, 'The script says 'Handsome Carpenter,' so someone else is going to get the part. They'll have someone handsome, not me.'
I studied Morse code.
Obviously, 'Lincoln' is not about the telegraph operator. There's a whole other movie before and after the two isolated scenes that I'm in.
I saw the pilot for 'Girls' about six months before it aired.
My plan was to be able to make a living as an actor.
The Marine Corps is supposed to be the toughest and most rigorous of its class.
I think it's good to live an artful life.
I like everything I do to have some kind of meaning.
When I happened to get into school, I felt like I could approach it as aggressively as things in the military.
I feel like I have to move violently once a day, or I'll lose my mind.
I was having an argument with my stepfather, and he was like, 'Why don't you join the Marine Corps?' And I was like, 'Noooo! Well, maybe, actually... ' I went and saw the recruiter, who was like, 'Are you on the run from the cops? Because we've never had someone want to leave so fast.'
I'm not fashionable.
I'm one of those crazy people, if I'm watching the trailer for a movie and I'm really excited by it, I'll turn it off because I don't want to know anything. I want to be surprised because I love that more than knowing anything.
The first job I got was this TV job in this show called 'The Unusuals.' Then I did a play called 'Slipping,' and at the same time I was rehearsing another play at Playwrights Horizons, and that kind of snowballed into a bunch of plays.
In the Marine Corps, everything had a purpose.
I trained myself, whenever I walk into auditions, to hate everyone in the room.
Writers are so important.
There's so much emphasis on Daniel Day-Lewis and his process, which is appropriately his own. But I was just blown away by his generosity as an actor. He's so giving as an actor that he just naturally commands the focus on set.
You always read stories of people going out to California and making it as an actor with, like, two dollars, so I figured I'd try it.
Any actor is happy to be involved with something that's challenging, controversial, and not easily palatable. Things that are too dumbed down or easy to swallow are uninteresting... It's good when people have such a polarizing response.
With brain and body, it's great if you have a connection between the two, but when separated, that leads to a lot of conflict.
People always are desperate to have others acknowledge that they are different.
I want to show that theater isn't just talking about feelings or people wearing tights.
If there's one organization in the United States that could work on its communication skills, it's the military.
My wife changes the way that I dress. She makes me dress nicer than I want to dress. I feel like I perpetually dress like a 14-year-old boy, and she makes me stand up straight and wear clean clothes.
I don't know what else you could do that is more vulnerable - maybe dancing - than singing.
I own a guitar, a piano, a bass.
The most you play a character in the theater is, like, a couple months, and then you put it away.
I don't really have foresight as an actor as far as career trajectory - I just stick to no-brainer situations.
Working on 'Girls' opened up a lot of opportunity for me. It's like a dream job. It's a dream.
College wasn't something I saw myself doing.
Sophocles was a general: a warrior writing plays about military situations.
I was an infantry Marine, and there are only so many things you can do when you get out of the military that you can apply your job to. Either a janitor or a cop. I tried to do both of those things because what else are you going to do?
The military community in particular, I think, could always be more supported, especially people who are being processed out of the military and trying to readjust to being civilians.
I can tell more about my weaknesses than my strengths.
I wish I could pull shorts off. My wife tells me that I just can't. But that's okay. I'm tall, I can do other things, like change light bulbs.
I don't consider myself a celebrity. That would be kind of sad.
