American,Actor
My name is Adam Sandler. I'm not particularly talented. I'm not particularly good-looking. And yet I'm a multi-millionaire.
Now that I'm a parent, I understand why my father was in a bad mood a lot.
I don't know what drives me to succeed.
To be honest with you, when I got into this I never thought about reviews. I never thought about what people would say about me. I was just a young guy who was excited to become a comedian and an actor and I just wanted to get to do what I got to do.
Chemistry can be a good and bad thing. Chemistry is good when you make love with it. Chemistry is bad when you make crack with it.
Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.
Doing Saturday Night Live definitely affects my relationship with my girlfriend and with my family, because you feel so much pressure to do well that night. But I think everyone's grown to accept that and so they give me my space at the show.
It definitely has learning a lesson about the way you're living your life. I wouldn't compare our movie to that, but it has a structure where it's about a man who doesn't appreciate all that he has and finds out at the end that life has been great and he has to enjoy that.
Well I have a microphone and you don't so you will listen to every damn word I have to say!
I know I want to always do the best I can.
I sing seriously to my mom on the phone. To put her to sleep, I have to sing 'Maria' from West Side Story. When I hear her snoring, I hang up.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
I mean, I look at my dad. He was twenty when he started having a family, and he was always the coolest dad. He did everything for his kids, and he never made us feel like he was pressured. I know that it must be a great feeling to be a guy like that.
I was raised by a mother who told me I was great every day of my life.
Sir one more comment like that and I will strangle you with my microphone wire!
I'm not comfortable being around too many people. I don't like being out in public too much. I don't like going to bars. I don't like doing celebrity stuff. So most of the characters I play are people who don't always feel comfortable beyond their small circle of friends.
When I'm up there, and I know the show's coming to a close, in my head I'm saying to myself, Oh man, you gotta get off and be a normal person again. That's what I don't like so much.
My movies just kind of sneak up on you. I don't have to worry too much about what everybody is going to say. Anyway, I really don't pay attention to what the world says about my movies. I just care about what my buddies think.
When the kids are laughing in the audience, I tear up, I'm so happy I did a nice thing.
I never thought about what people would say about me. I was just a young guy who was excited to become a comedian and an actor, and I just wanted to get to do what I got to do.
With the amount of money I have, it's difficult raising children the way I was raised.
I had my moments of being humiliated, and then I had moments of doing something humiliating. I'm glad I lived out both roles.
Through my films I'm eventually trying to one day tell the truth. I don't know if I'm ever going to get there, but I'm slowly letting pieces of myself out there and then maybe by the time I'm 85, I'll look back and say, 'All right, that about sums it up.'
I do love the films I've done in the past. I work hard in my movies and my friends work hard and we're trying to make people laugh and I'm very proud of that.
Well, we're living in a material world, and I'm a material girl... or boy.
I think the reason I don't read is because, when I'm reading, I feel like I'm missing out on something else. You know, What are my friends doing? Where's my girlfriend?
When I'm around the kids I feel like I act the most grown-up just because you're supposed to. And I say things, like every other day, that remind me of my own parents.
A lot of critics object to what I do, but I got into comedy to make people laugh, and I've always worked hard.
I'll continue to make the typical Adam Sandler comedies.
As a kid, I'd go into the bathroom when I was having a tantrum. I'd be in the bathroom crying, studying myself in the mirror. I was preparing for future roles.
I've always liked older ladies, ever since my mother would have B'nai B'rith at our house.
My grandmother used to embarrass me more, when she would pick me up from school wearing a big fuzzy hat. I didn't like that.
SNL is a home. You've got all of your brothers and sisters there, and it's a great time.
In one day, I have times where I'm feeling great, I feel like I love my life, and then 2:30 rolls around and I'm the angriest man alive. My wife sees it.
I was just a young guy who was excited to become a comedian and an actor and I just wanted to get to do what I got to do.
How do I speak Spanish? Not too well.
I wasn't a kid growing up thinking, 'One day I'll get an Oscar and make a speech.' That wasn't on my mind.
The Canteen Boy, the reason you feel bad for him and you can laugh is because he, and I guess a lot of my characters, they don't notice they're getting made fun of. So they'll say something back that's not that great a quip, but in their mind they won the argument.
When I do stand-up shows at colleges, girls will talk to me after the show, and that always feels good. I like talking to them.
I prefer musicals, because I am the best dancer who ever lived. The best plies, the best sashays, and by far the best-smelling Capezios.
God gave me some weird, beautiful scent that makes men and women go crazy. People compare it to Carvel. It is a whale of a smell.
When I take my kid to school, all the parents stop and stare.
My father used to wear the same pants for like a week.
I read to my kid, but I can't stand reading.
It's nice when little teams win.
I've always wanted to do a family movie.
I can handle pain.
Kids end up seeing my movies anyway but some of the mothers get mad at me so I figured I'd make one that I can't get yelled at for.
I've always had lots of friends and my house was the house they all hung out at.
I definitely connected to the fact that life gets out of control and you end up doing things and wishing you were doing other things instead.
Sometimes you can't prioritise family and you feel guilty.
I've been called a moron since I was about four. My father called me a moron. My grandfather said I was a moron. And a lot of times when I'm driving, I hear I'm a moron. I like being a moron.
I grew up cursing a lot.
