American,Actor
I have become convinced that everything that is classy doesn't go away.
Over the years, I've learned that if you can just hang in there and, regardless of what's presented to you, take it as a challenge and try to bring in something fresh, then it works.
If you hang around long enough, they think you're good. It's either my tenacity or stupidity - I'm not sure which.
Life is full of ironies and absurdities.
There were definitely times when I regretted ever being Batman.
How many actors have a shot at being a part of something that became a part of pop culture? It's been very rewarding. I'm not getting the 20 million bucks for the new movies, but at least I'm getting warmth and recognition from people wherever I go.
When you go to the Sistine Chapel with Sophia Loren, it can be quite some time before your thoughts turn to the ceiling.
It's a wonderful thing to be able to make fun of yourself and to do it in a way that sort of preserves your dignity but, at the same time, lets you play the theater of the absurd.
I think our Batman had to be fun, light-hearted, funny, tongue-in-cheek... and I think that made kind of an homage to those earlier comic books, where Batman always had a quip or something.
My art, like my acting, is a profound expression of poetic license.
I have no patience with dinosaurs.
When you wear a mask and create a character, nothing will pigeonhole you faster.
If you're a plumber, you plumb. I'm an actor. I act.
In the late '60s, there were the the three B's: The Beatles, Batman, and Bond.
I was victimized by the old Hollywood typecasting thing. I had to really fight to get out of it, so I was uncomfortable with it.
I am a private person. I don't need a lot of company. And I find it really, really difficult to talk about myself.
You have no idea the people I meet when I do these Comic-Cons. When I go sign autographs and say hello to people, I see everything!
You can't play Batman in a serious, square-jawed, straight-ahead way without giving the audience the sense that there's something behind that mask waiting to get out, that he's a little crazed; he's strange.
Oh, it's fun to be an icon!
Some nights, I wear my cape, and I go out on the pier. It is foggy... I look for... Riddler.
I'm like Madonna: I keep reinventing myself.
I have the curse of thinking funny!
My paintings capture the humor, zaniness, and depth of the Batman villains as well as the Freudian motivations of Batman as an all-too-human, venerable, and funny vigilante superhero.
The Batmobile wasn't a stickshift, and it was a challenge to drive, believe me.
I've always tried to fit what I do professionally into my family, rather than the other way around.
My grandfather and my father had wheat ranches, so we had quite a few trucks around and a lot of mules. Talk about horsepower - we had mule power.
Anything that triggers good memories can't be all bad.
Maybe we could find some way to send barges of trash to the sun and incinerate it all. Hey, it's an idea. It's an idea!
I grew up on a ranch in Walla Walla, Washington. Except for one lawyer, I don't remember anyone in my family being anything else but ranchers.
I've been almost everywhere. But I've never been to the steppes of Latvia. It's something I've always wanted to do.
I did a character called Captain Q for Nestle's Quik. Those commercials were kind of funny.
People love Batman, and I would be stupid, I would be a fool if I didn't love Batman.
Isn't it fun to be nuts? Isn't it fun to be crazy?
'Batman' was a colorful and wild ride.
It's part of my character not to take myself too seriously. That's one of the reasons I've been able to survive.
There was a time when 'Batman' really kept me from getting some pretty good roles, and I was asked to do what I figured were important features. However, Batman was there, and very few people would take a chance on me walking onto the screen. And they'd be taking people away from the story.
Burgess Meredith taught me a lot about wine.
I like to make people laugh and have fun.
In a very real sense, I represent pop culture in an iconic way. It's been very good to me, so anything I can do to help the fans to tumble along - it's good.
Any incarnation of 'Batman' I am delighted to do.
I love to go home and do the chores and read.
To play the leading man in a 'Three Stooges' movie, you've got to think funny. Thank God I think funny.
I've always been able to work. I think it's an actor's obligation to keep working if you can.
I don't paint butter dishes, doilies, or hummingbirds in my garden. It's more raw, I suppose. But it always creates a reaction.
I've played dinner theaters. I'm a working stiff.
I get called 'Mayor West' a lot in airports. I've been very fortunate to have a fan base that keeps growing, and the work gets such a warm response and humor from people.
I would hate to be a bitter, aging actor.
When 'Family Guy' came along, it was like a gift, and it expanded my fan base.
I come to Comic-Con in San Diego because this is where those fans are - those to whom I owe the longevity of my career.
Crummy pictures, live appearances, circuses, avant garde theater, dinner theater. I've done it all. I've been shot out of cannons. I know what the people want. I'm out there with the people.
I don't want to be Batman. Let Val Kilmer do it. I just want to be Uncle Batman. I have this whole 'warm relationship' plot in my mind. In the final scenes, the new Batmobile breaks down, the new Batman's stranded on the side of the road. We grab our old Batmobile, pick him up and drive away.
I've hung on for a long time in this business and had some success, and I think it's keeping an open mind and being curious and having a sense of humor about oneself that's important.
I've always shied away from 'Where are they now?' shows, because I've been lucky enough to keep working, and people know where I am.
You've got a guy in a cape and tights running around fighting crime 24-7; this is not normal. But it worked because the kids loved it and the adults laughed with it.
Batman had a certain speech pattern that I established because he was always Sherlock Holmes-ian. He was Basil Rathbone. In other words, he was always musing about something.
If you paint a picture and I paint a picture, we each want to do it our own way. And we'll stand or fall on whatever we did.
I'm not a vindictive kind of guy.
I think it's an actor's job, if you can, to keep working and to keep using that muscle. First of all, you've got to pay the bills, but it also helps you develop.
