Indian,Actor
Sheer brilliance needs to be expressed properly.
I believe, for an actor, both the success of his film and awards are equally important.
I admire Modi's leadership and his ideology.
I believe there is lot of untapped potential in the television market. With shows such as 'Bigg Boss' and '24' turning out to big hits on TV, I'm interested to be in it.
Just getting a degree is not enough, and you need to sell your ideas.
If you follow a strict diet for a few months, flaunting six packs abs is no big deal.
I exercise six days a week for one hour in the morning.
Besides regular exercising, one should also take care of his or her daily habits such as adequate sleep and drinking lots of water.
I don't believe in the concept of working out rigorously to pump muscles. It may be effective, but when you stop working out, it comes back to square one.
I want to continue acting as long as I can because being on the sets is a big stress buster for me. I can't possibly think of stopping my visits to the sets because I'm old.
When Raghavendra Rao garu approached me to do a film on Lord Venkateswara, my initial response was 'What more can we do than Annamayya?' But he asked me to go through the script, and I really liked it.
My passion is films and making them.
I'm a fan of a very few actors.
Everybody deserves an opportunity to fulfill their dreams.
I don't like anything about 2013. Too many things have happened, including 'Bhai.' I lost my way. Sometimes it happens, and I definitely feel bad about it.
Everything about 'UY' is new and fresh, and we are extremely happy at the response from the audiences, as most people are walking out of cinema halls with a smile on their faces.
I would like Modi to become the Prime Minister and expand the Gujarat model of development across the country.
I will not campaign for any party.
It's good to have a governing body to oversee matters in making of films, but you can't blame films for what is happening in society.
People know excessive consumption of anything is bad for health. By imposing a ban on something, we are, in a way, provoking them to do it.
There should be a flexibility on ticket prices in multiplexes.
The adulation from viewers is a huge stimulant for me, and it keeps me going.
I am a very physical actor. I generally use my hands a lot.
I've seen my mom confined to a wheelchair in the last three years of her life. Both her knees had given way, and there was no way she could undergo surgery at her age. Even though I was concerned for her, I didn't know at that time what she had to go through.
I am a big Batman fan, not so much a Superman fan.
Usually after a shot, we look for a chair to rest our feet. In 'Oopiri,' it was the other way around. After every shot, I was on my feet, walking around the set trying to get the blood circulation in my legs working properly.
If a gym is not available, wherever I am, I do my free hand exercises.
For me, it's about moderation and discipline, and that's something I picked up from my dad. I don't believe in rigorous workouts but believe in eating right, going to bed early, and getting a proper workout.
I believe you need films like that - feel-good, breezy films that families can watch.
After 'Shirdi Sai,' I wanted a total image makeover. I was looking to transform myself.
The film-watching crowd are mainly youngsters who see fashion on TV, in Hindi films, and in magazines.
One shouldn't get carried away by styling, as it can be a double-edged sword. The person should have it in him or her to carry it off.
If I get good stories, then I don't mind working for multi-starrer movies.
When I remember my mother, it makes me really sad. But, when I remember my father, it makes me smile.
I want to keep trying something new all the time. It is the only way to grow.
A film's success does not depend on box office collection and the number of days it was screened but on the amount of satisfaction an actor can draw from it.
Films like 'Namo Venkateshaya' give immense satisfaction, happiness, and makes us feel blessed, and so I consider it the best film in my career.
I don't think about stardom anymore. I'm way past that phase.
I would love to host a television show.
