Indian,Actor
Because you are women, people will force their thinking on you, their boundaries on you. They will tell you how to dress, how to behave, who you can meet and where you can go. Don't live in the shadows of people's judgement. Make your own choices in the light of your own wisdom.
Life is a blur when one is essaying different roles; it is so fulfilling.
Audiences change because life changes. Countries change geographically, climatically, socially and morally. Many things happen, and cinema, in a sense, reflects what's happening in the world.
I'd like to believe that tomorrow is another challenge for me. I'm sure there is lots more for me to do, because there is lots and lots of stuff still to be explored.
Don't let anyone make you believe the length of your skirt is a measure of your character.
I think every actor would wish there is some challenge that is left. I would consider to be creatively dead if I were to say that I am satisfied now.
I don't spend much time looking back at what happened. I do remember it, but I don't see any purpose of wanting to look back.
I just lead my life as naturally, as normally as I possibly can. But I can't help it if controversy is hounding me day in and day out. I'm quite amazed sometimes by the way they go about it. I grow a beard and it lands up in the editorial in The Times of India.
I'm very fortunate to have spent so much time in the industry and to have lived through several generations of filmmakers, actors and technicians. There's a huge volume of experience seeing people change and seeing content change.
I like to feel the butterflies in the stomach, I like to go home and have a restless night and wonder how I'm going to be able to accomplish this feat, get jittery. That hunger and those butterflies in the stomach are very essential for all creative people.
I did not resign from politics because of Bofors. I resigned because I do not know how to play petty politics. I did not know back then and I don't know now either.
No one is perfect, and criticism is always welcome and expected.
Indian actors, because of the format of our stories, need to be good actors, and be able to perform emotional sequences, do a bit of comedy, dance and singing, action, because all of this forms just one film. In many ways I'd say there are greater demands on Indian actors than there are on Hollywood.
I am insecure about tomorrow. Will I get another job? Will it be appreciated? I will pursue acting for as long as I have a face and body that is acceptable to the people, but I still worry that if I don't do better tomorrow, it will all go away.
Everybody wants to live. But sometimes the body just gives up.
I should only look back at moments that were disparaging, look down upon, negative for me - moments where I could learn something. And if I have been able to use that learning in future, then I am happy about it.
Whatever free time I get, I love to catch news and sports shows.
I don't have anything in particular to achieve; I don't want to go any particular direction. I just want to take up the challenges of life as we go along.
I am looking forward to going to Dubai because it gives us an opportunity to interact with each other. We can sit and enjoy each other's company. We can go out for a walk without worrying about shooting schedules.
I have never really been confident about my career at any stage.
There are many things that I feel I have missed out on.
I don't use any techniques; I'm not trained to be an actor. I just enjoy working in films.
What I do on film is part of my profession.
I want to keep working. I shall continue to do my best.
It's a huge change from when I started in the 1960s, but what is really impressive is that the number of ladies on set, the women working on set is a huge percentage. There used to be no women. It was just the leading lady's mother, perhaps the hairdresser and the makeup person.
There are large numbers of people in India below the poverty line; there are large numbers of people who lead a meager existence. They want to find a little escape from the hardships of life and come and watch something colorful and exciting and musical. Indian cinema provides that.
It's frightening to be facing an audience. There is always the fear of what they think of you, what they are saying about you.
I like to rate myself as a performer upfront, both in films as well as in television.
My mother came from a very affluent background, very Westernized, while my father was more Eastern. So I've had a very good blend of the East and the West. I guess this has been extremely helpful in making my career and the way I function.
I'm very lucky and very fortunate to have survived and to still be working after 45 years.
I'm very thankful to directors and filmmakers who consider me in their films, and I hope I'm able to do justice to their films.
The film industry is large enough and has many successful icons that have taken Indian cinema to shores beyond India. I think that Indian cinema itself needs to be applauded beyond one individual.
'What will people say?' is a feeling every Indian girl grows up with.
I would rather talk to a face than a camera.
Very rarely have I had the opportunity to say lines which I would have said even if I wasn't working in a film.
These are rare moments in an actor's life, where you're put in an environment which is so natural, and you get natural performances.
I want to perform and be tested; I want the vibrant energy of the younger generation of directors and actors to rub off on me.
Ram Gopal Varma is a most noteworthy talent and has given us some very valuable iconic films. I enjoy working with him.
Whether the work that I do shall succeed or achieve critical acclaim is for the audience to decide.
Personally, when a controversy erupts, we decide first whether it requires clarification and, secondly, if it receives notice from authorities and the establishment, we submit responses to their queries.
Whatever I do becomes controversial.
Foreigners have no idea of the diversity of India and its culture. We hope to be able to give them a glimpse of that diversity.
My opening words to anybody I hire are, 'I'm an extremely vulnerable person.'
The body is an amazing system.
A lot of my fighting qualities I inherited from my parents. They set tremendous examples right through my life.
People ask me why it is that when I portray the 'angry young man' on screen, I really look angry. They reason that it is due to some suppression in my childhood. But, it's just that I can't help it; it's in my genes.
I guess I've been extremely keen on theatre, on getting on to the stage, taking on different roles, enacting vocations, personalities, people, situations, and I guess that's the interest that has driven me to work in movies.
My father is a poet. He's a literary giant of this country - writes in Hindi - and also quite unique because he has a Ph.D. in English Literature. He taught at Harvard University, which is one of the most prominent universities in the country.
I think 'Crouching Tiger' is a genre of its own, and it's extremely well done, and God bless them for it.
I would like to believe that I still am a shy person; I am very introverted. I have a problem communicating.
I felt that for 20 years, I was wooing the people of my country and asking them to like me as an actor, and when they liked me as an actor, I told them, 'Now, you like my politics.'
Rajeev Gandhi was prime minister. We've had a long family relationship with them. He asked me to fight an election, and I went ahead and did it. But I was not qualified as a politician, and I am not going back there again.
If you represent a fantasy for the people who actually go to the cinema, they grab that and go with it; therefore, for the rest of their lives, they actually identify you with a certain thinking - a certain philosophy. There are many actors who want to pursue that same thought in real life as well, and that's perfectly acceptable.
Please explain to me what being an icon is. How do you define it? I haven't been given a script. I don't know what the dialogues of an icon are.
I ask you, as a citizen, is it a crime to go to the temple? And if I am propagating superstition by going to the temple, then the whole country is propagating superstition.
I've accepted that I was a failure in politics. I was not qualified for the job.
I ended up in Parliament and soon discovered that emotion really doesn't have any place in politics. It's a much more intricate and complicated game, and I just didn't know how to play it.
Having no work would be terrible.
Obviously, you look for something that is commensurate with your age. You know that you can't be playing the young hero anymore, and you have to be relegated to something smaller and something elderly, and you just try and do your best.
I miss the camera each moment and each day.
I had two surgeries during the early part of 2012, and I was advised to restrict my work load.
As a creative agency, the film industry is thinking great subjects, presenting them wonderfully well, and giving opportunity to new faces each day.
India as a film-making nation has gained recognition, at last, at most important Western and Far Eastern forums.
I think, in any profession, what you fear most is not being able to perform, about not being able to meet new challenges. The fear of non-acceptance, particularly if in creative art. What happens if the audiences do not like you anymore!
I don't agree that I have a lot of confidence.
I just feel that sooner or later, the sheer potential of the demographics of India, which is 1.25 billion people, will eventually be very attractive to the entertainment industry.
If the modes are changing, one goes along with it, I guess.
I write my own blog every day. I do the Twitter every day and the Facebook. Without a gap. I do everything myself: I load my own photographs; I sometimes take my own videos and post them.
I think no actor should be ever satisfied because there is always something new to do, something fresh to get challenged by.
Kaizad Gustad is quite crazy, and he has weird ideas, and 'Boom' is one such idea. It's a crazy film by a crazy guy. It's almost a satire, a black comedy.
I feel that, particularly because of language, we are handicapped in getting a large world audience. But Hindi cinema has the same ingredients that appeal to the whole world.
Indian films are like our food or our sense of dress or our languages: there's a great variety, and it changes every 100 miles, but there is something in common, a national Indian essence, that binds them all together.
People are fed up with seeing the same thing over and over. They want a qualitative change.
I sign a film based on the story, the role I play, and the maker.
I am not in the least eloquent or fluent with languages. My writing on social media is quite pedestrian. But even if it was near any acceptability, I would not be in a position to pen a script or a book.
I feel a burden if I don't write.
I have fans across the globe.
When I wrote my first blog, I got one response. Now, I sometimes get as many as 400 responses for my posts.
You don't get time to meet your peers such as Dharmendra and Hema Malini very often. Award functions or other events are the only places you meet them, unless there is an emergency. Then we all come together.
I was born in fame. I was always recognised and known. Personally, I feel normal about it.
I don't know how others think about me, but if I have to walk the streets, I will, and if I need to stand in a queue at the airport, that's OK.
I am not conscious of the fact that something special should be done for me.
I really felt good after working in a film like 'Piku,' as many people could relate to my character. I got letters from my fans telling me how my character resembles to their grandparents.
I like poems and keep sharing them online.
