Mexican,Actor
On the stage, you have to find truth, even if you have to lose the audience.
I have lived in a flurry of images, but I will go out in a freeze frame.
And I had known Peter O'Toole before in London. And I'd liked him very much. And the thought of being in a picture with him was very challenging to me. And he was playing the starring role.
And I loved Frank Lloyd Wright. I think he was the greatest man I have ever met in my life.
Bob Taylor and I playing brothers. And I was a Mexican bandit. And he was the sheriff of the town. And we loved each other. We loved each other very much.
First of all, I only get 50 percent of it, because, I mean, the galleries get 50 and 60 percent. I mean, that's normal. I understand that. I don't quarrel with that.
I didn't intend to become an actor.
I have a son in Barcelona whom I am madly in love with.
I liked sculpting better than painting. You have more freedom in sculpting.
I lost my father was I 10 years old, and I always looked for a father. I missed my father very much.
I love the stage.
I mean, a Mexican boy couldn't be anything else but an Indian. And why did you take the name of Quinn, they used to say to me. Hey, you're an Indian, so I played Indians.
I mean, you know, actors lives - you're forgotten. Look at Barrymore, and look at all the great actors. They're forgotten after awhile.
I never get the girl. I wind up with a country instead.
I never satisfied that kid but I think he and I have made a deal now.
I studied all about Gauguin. He was a banker. He was a banker who - he used to paint on Sundays. And one day he hated himself for painting on Sundays.
In Europe an actor is an artist. In Hollywood, if he isn't working, he's a bum.
No parent is there forever. So I won't be here forever with these kids.
Now, Marlon and I - for some reason, even today - even today, we can't say two words to each other. We really can't talk to each other. You know, I say to him - Marlon can't talk. I mean, he'd talk to you. But he can't talk.
Oh, the Irish were building the railroads down through Mexico, through Chihuahua. They finished the railroads when they finished out in the West Coast, and they went down and put the trains into Mexico.
The painter leaves his mark. And I just put in two statues in Rhode Island that I'm working on. And I think that's going to make me last longer than me.
Thirteen, 13 children, and I love - I love them all. And I think I've been a good father to all of them.
Well, I called him and I said, Mr. Wright, what can I do? Universal offered me a contract $300 a week. He says take it. You'll never get that money from me.
Well, I mean, bread, I mean, I've got to have bread too to live.
Well, I mean, you have an emotion, you want to express it. You don't just look in the camera and do it. You want to hide from the embarrassment of your brother saying you're not allowed to come into my town.
