Spanish,Actor
Expectation is the mother of all frustration.
Everything changes as you get older - your mind, your body, the way you view the world.
Cats are very independent animals. They're very sexy, if you want. Dogs are different. They're familiar. They're obedient. You call a cat, you go, 'Cat, come here.' He doesn't come to you unless you have something in your hand that he thinks might be food. They're very free animals, and I like that.
I drink a bucket of white tea in the morning. I read about this tea of the Emperor of China, which is supposedly the tea of eternal youth. It's called Silver Needle. It's unbelievably expensive, but I get it on the Web.
The man who doesn't want anything is invincible.
There's something happening in the world that didn't happen before. We are acting like one big brain.
Listen, I think movies serve many different purposes, from those movies that are frivolous and just an entertainment, to movies that just go to exploring the complexities of the human soul. Everything is valid if it's done with honesty and dignity, and I actually do both of those types of movies in my career.
When you go to the movie theater and the opening of this movie and you see the kids just cracking up with a character you are giving your voice to, you get goose bumps. It's so beautiful.
I'm a complete hypochondriac. If my heart starts beating a little faster than normal, I think I'm having an attack.
Hollywood is a very strong machine that needs, and in... especially with female actors, fresh flesh. It's that cruel. But that's the way it is.
I wouldn't want my daughters to date a guy like me. I was dangerous around women in my twenties. I'm terrified that they might end up with someone like me.
I get caught up in my bubble of reading, writing, or music.
We're living in hard times.
You see a woman, 22 years old, going out with a guy over 60 - and it's kind of natural. But if it happens in the opposite direction everyone says, 'What is going on there?'
If you call a cat, he may not come. Which doesn't happen with dogs. They're different types of animals. Cats are very sexy I think too in the way they move.
I think Shrek makes an effect in older people. And there are many things in the movie that you saw that are not for kids. Kids would not understand certain things.
There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life. But even those movies teach me things.
We are now integrated into American society and I don't like the word fashionable, because fashionable means that it's going to pass. It's not like that anymore.
Melanie is more of a disciplinarian with the little girl than me, probably because it's my first baby. She gets everything easy from Papa. I am more weak. She takes advantage of me.
I love the diversity of America. I love the plain, normal sense of humor Americans have. It is not wicked, like in some countries. And I also love how new America is.
I mean, the Constitution of this country was written 200 years ago. The house I was living in in Madrid is 350 years old! America is still a project, and you guys are working on it and bringing new things to it every day. That is beautiful to watch.
I've never worried about what audiences would accept or had a game plan regarding the career. I never had an idea of how I should look to my fans or anybody else.
I like going everywhere. And I love starting new things.
It's a character that I always found really likable. I'm fond of Zorro because he was a popular figure who worked for the people.
I completely take on the risk, the poker game, which being an artist means, and I'm going to try to make a film which honestly reflects what I have in my head.
It was an honor and privilege to arrive to this country 16 years ago with almost no money in my pocket. A lot has happened since then.
I don't like to over-intellectualize scenes that are working. I tend to think when you do that you may lose it.
I think the problems with being older come when your body cannot do what your mind wants. Then, Houston, we have a problem.
I do yoga every morning, then I run for half an hour and take a sauna.
I love my country. And I would have to renounce my Spanish citizenship to become a U.S. Citizen.
I have to recognize that I am agnostic.
I don't believe in any kind of fundamentalism.
I try to teach my kids to be open.
I don't think there is a guy that played more gay characters than I have done in my life.
When I do a political movie, I do a political movie.
One thing I have clear is that I don't want to work for money anymore.
Whatever happens in my life from now on, I know the day I finally die - the final act of my script - people will always make references to the work I've done with Almodovar.
Picasso is a character that has pursued me for a long time and I always rejected. He deserves a lot of respect because I am from Malaga, and I was born four blocks from where he was born.
When you work in a different language you are not so attached to the words.
Always when you go to a new country and they teach you bad words, you just say them without knowing the value and people look at you because you didn't know that value of them.
The recycling in my house was imposed by my kids.
I divide my time badly.
I think that comedy is one of the more serious things that you can do in our day, especially in the world that we're living in.
I've never liked watching real-life couples play couples onscreen or onstage. It takes me out of the story.
I think I'm a romantic person, yeah.
I cry a lot, you know. Which is very difficult for a man to recognise, but I do. I cry in movies, you know, just watching movies.
This may sound a little harsh, but I don't care about my career. Really, I don't like actors who are always planning what they're going to do next or always worrying about doing something that will go against the image they've created. To me, that's almost like an attack of narcissism.
There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life - really! But even those movies that I'd like to forget teach me things.
Making movies is difficult and you get disorientated sometimes - even when you're working with fantastic talent.
A couple of years after I arrived in Hollywood, everything that was Latino was fashionable, and years after, my thought is that we're not fashionable anymore. We're here to stay.
I suppose that I am ambitious.
In my personal life, I am very contemplative.
I wake up every morning, look in the mirror and ask, 'Am I a sex symbol?' Then I go back to bed again. It's stupid to think that way.
