Indian,Actor
In every role that I do - whether I'm a teacher, actor or mentor - I do it with total dedication and as much honesty as I feel is required because there's no alternative to honesty and hard work.
Our school not only makes you an actor, it makes you understand who you actually are as well... it gives you discipline and punctuality. It also teaches you a way of life.
I wrote a book on life coaching, because my life became my own reference point how to live.
I'm not a cribber, or someone who criticises. People who criticise are not doers. I'm a doer.
It's important for couples to be friends first and to respect each other as individuals.
I started doing motivational tours. I've seen all kinds of people, from the CEOs to the lowest executive, opening up to their fears. We don't introspect as much as we should.
I was able to overcome my failures because I was always confident of my abilities and was sure I could achieve what I had set out for.
Actors in the film industry are usually wary of expressing their opinions on the issues of the day, politics especially.
Success is boring... failure is exciting and more entertaining.
People tend to scare you pointing out your shortfalls. If you voluntarily admit your faults, then people won't have anything to point out.
As for my stand, I think it has become difficult in our country to be a Hindu and a liberal at the same time.
I was born in a poor family, a lower middle class family. My father was a clerk in the forest department. I was very bad at studies. I was not very good at sports, also.
I was 28 when I played the role of a 65 year old man in my first film.
I enjoy being recognized. I'll be very sad if people stop recognizing me. I'll be very sad if I'm not interviewed, because that's a very amazing process.
Every individual suffers from the fear of failure, but you can change your destiny only when you overcome it.
When I staged the play and narrated my story to the audience, people found it amazing that after facing so many hardships, I have gone on to do 482 films.
Being a popular director or actor's son can be frightening in this industry. What if you are not able to make it?
It is important to be financially savvy when you turn producer. As a director, you just need to have a good script in hand.
I had spent many days hungry; had slept on railway stations at times because I did not have money to pay for a hotel room... there were moments when I felt I had compromised my dignity as a human being and as an actor.
One time I nearly experienced failure was when I was acting in 'Hum Aapke Hain Kaun' in 1994. One day, I woke up and found that part of my face was paralysed.
I was neither good in sports nor at studies, but I always wanted to stand out and be noticed.
I'm very happy doing what I'm doing; I don't think I'm prepared to devote my time to politics. When I am, I'd like to give it 100%. I'm not in the frame of mind, and I'm too greedy an actor to do that.
I've always been the most vocal person socially about things that I feel are important.
In India, film sets are like a family atmosphere.
I have played 50 different kinds of fathers and villains. Only mediocre actors play the part the same way.
It's your own fear of failure that stops you from doing things.
Practice makes an actor excel. It is like cycling and motor driving. It is an art, which can be learnt and practised.
In day-to-day life, our brain sends lots of signals. In acting, there are no signals. You have to believe in what you are trying to portray.
Harper Collins gave me a letter of intent saying that they want me to pen down my autobiography. When I was recollecting the incidents of my life for that, I selected only those incidents which were turning points in my life. I staged it instead of writing it.
I would like congratulate everyone who was a part of 'Life of Pi.'
I was failed in all other aspects of filmmaking and was completely bankrupt because my dreams were higher than realities. So I started my acting school in a small room with 12 students to prepare future actors and actresses.
Our cinema has evolved in last 60 years because we have made people happy through our films. The main purpose of our storyline is to spread happiness. Our cinema has an emotional connect.
