English,Actor
My mum was raised Jewish, my dad is very scientifically minded, and my school was vaguely Christian. We sang hymns in school. I liked the hymns bit, but apart from that, I can take it or leave it. So I had lots of different influences when I was younger.
I only remember the end of my dreams, like waking up at a steering wheel, or falling.
I'd rather be shot than be seen falling out of some trendy club.
Almost every script that I've gotten has been for sort of the generic Hollywood type. I haven't chosen them. All the ones I have chosen are because I've been fascinated with the source material or because of the script.
I want to take advantage of any popularity I have.
I think escapism is very important, certainly in my life. I love nothing more than escaping into the world of a film or a novel. To be involved in creating that for other people is a privilege.
We live in a youth-obsessed, aesthetically obsessed culture. That is no more evident than in the film industry.
You still get these waves of doubt that come over you, for example, when you get a bad review or you accept a part and think, 'Oh, God, what have I just accepted? I can't do that.' I don't think that's something that will ever go away in me.
People recognize actors that they see regularly, like people they see on the television every week.
Actually what I'd like is to have a reputation as someone who's been wild and gone straight, but without having to go through the trouble of being bad.
I'm not really an animal person.
Jeff Bridges is one of my favorite actors in the history of ever.
I had two family members involved in World War I: two great-uncles. One of them is on a memorial in France. And the other was a trench runner who survived the war. The average life span of a trench runner was 36 hours, but he survived the whole war.
There are plenty of people in the world who have tried to be rock stars and have not gotten there.
When I was at school, I was in choirs more than anything else, from a very young age, about 9 years old. And then I started taking drum lessons.
I'm not that kind of Bob Dylan, tortured creative.
Maybe Oliver Stone doesn't lend himself well to remakes or sequels, because he does them so well the first time.
I didn't have any pets growing up.
I actually went to university.
I swim a lot. I swim most days.
No one wants to be with a girl that your mother would pick for you.
Sword fighting is just as fun as it looks on the screen.
I went to a very academically competitive high school. So I was always quite studious and quiet, just to keep up with the other geniuses who were in my school.
I always looked really young for my age. And once I hit 23, 24 and 25, I was then allowed to play the cool 18-year-olds and stuff.
Sometimes success comes in ways you don't expect.
Half my fan mail comes from Japan.
