American,Actor
I like those crisis moments - if you're on top of it and don't get pulled under by panic and fear, it's a very bonding thing.
Rural towns aren't always idyllic. It's easy to feel trapped and be aware of social hypocrisy.
I was 21, and rehearsing a play, took a fall and was in a coma for a few days. And when I recovered, I'd lost my sense of smell completely.
There was an idea of accepting everyone; there was no sense of exclusion.
With While You Were Sleeping, it was so much fun and such a Cinderella story, that I didn't want to do another romantic comedy. I wanted to do the opposite.
I was brought up in a very small town in upstate New York.
Truthfully, I almost avoided 'While You Were Sleeping,' because I find those romantic comedies kind of precious, and they're full of lines that leave you feeling a little bewildered when you say them.
I do take lots of time off between projects, but when the right thing comes along, I don't like to turn it down, I've been doing this for a decade, and I remember what it was like when I started. You spend maybe five percent of your time actually doing it, and the rest of the time, you're trying to get that five percent.
Theater has always been most important to my psyche.
I also turn down what's probably a good amount of coinage to be made out of playing dads, an incredible number of obnoxious dad.
There's a point you get to on the stage where you're not remembering lines but living them, and you reach this pure moment which, really, is more intense than what you can achieve in life.
There's definitely a pattern of great British shows that get reinvented in America and do really well here, but I think 'Torchwood' is a bit different. It's more of a hybrid that doesn't exist as a reinvention.
I co-own the ranch with my brother, and he and his wife are really the backbone of the operation.
Well, I can do certain jobs because smells don't bother me. But that means I'm usually the one at the ranch cleaning up all the manure.
