American,Actor
There's always been a lot of misunderstanding about Lando's character. I used to pick up my daughter from elementary school and get into arguments with little children who would accuse me of betraying Han Solo.
I think I'm a good father. As a parent, you have the responsibility to create a foundation for your children so that they can meet all the challenges.
Actually, I believe in everything, including astrology and tarot cards. All of it is just another way for people to try and tighten the link to the spirits in our universe. I believe it exists for all people.
Failure's not a bad thing. It builds character. It makes you stronger.
I am an artist no matter what I do. I live for creativity. I think everyone should. It is the antithesis of being destructive.
As for Colt 45, I am very proud of my endorsement of the product, and it still 'Works every time.'
Originally I planned on starting a teapot collection. I really like them.
For myself, if I'm trying to obtain a certain longevity in my career, to establish myself as a certain kind of star, I don't want that black exploitation image.
I don't want to sound too carried away, but from what I've seen, 'Bingo Long' is going to be a big one. A classic.
I was in the National Academy of Fine Arts and Design, on a scholarship. I was - still am - an artist. They were looking for an actor for 'Take a Giant Step,' and a producer liked my look and asked if I could act. I said, 'Yep!' Then I got into acting more or less just to make money for paints and canvases.
Right before 'Brian's Song' there was a period when I was very despondent, broke, depressed; my first marriage was on the rocks. The role of Gale Sayers had been cast with Lou Gossett, and then he hurt himself playing basketball. I was called in to read for the role. I was their last choice, and I knew it.
My mother's side of the family, they're from Montserrat in the Leeward Islands.
Acting, I started when I was six and a half years-old, on Broadway with Kurt Weill.
Jazz is very much a part of my life. I work with the Thelonious Monk Institute and do the artwork for their program every year.
Oh, I paint all the time.
I tend to approach characters not based on ethnicity but on some unique individual qualities, and I've set my whole life that way. I don't want any sort of limitations imposed on my work. If you truly want to be a creative person, you can't limit yourself.
I don't want to find myself ever locked into what people think I should think or do. In my art, and acting, I have a universal vision of things, an international vision. Bigger and broader and beyond. 'Bigger than life' is always on my mind.
I love the Mexican muralists - like Rivera, Orozco - and the music of Walter Benton. They gave you a sense that reality was much more than life.
I loved Marlon Brando: my favorite actor.
Sometimes a true original doesn't need to change a thing.
No matter where I go, in this country or outside of this country, there are young people, and I'm always surprised that young people know about me and Colt 45.
It was a time after 'Lady Sings the Blues' and 'Mahogany' and all those romantic movies: I became this romantic figure on the street in a very special way.
I think a lot of black filmmakers have done very well.
The world moves fast, but change isn't always a good thing when you got it right the first time around.
You are always going to have people criticizing, in one way or another, for their own personal reason.
I tell my son Corey that the greatest teacher is the teacher who says, 'Don't follow me; follow yourself. Because within you there is that kingdom, that life, that force.'
