American,Actor
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
I have to think that I think it's always been a horse race between this administration's temporary political acumen and their completely, utterly, totally bankrupt policies. And they're coming home to roost. It was always a question of time. These guys aren't conservative. These guys are radicals.
Whatever you do, make sure you want to write more than you want to be a writer. Make sure you want to act more than you want to be an actor. That is what will sustain you.
You need to be real enough to be believable, but you don't necessarily have to be real enough to be real. There is a distinction.
When you act, you're always playing a version of yourself. You can't bring more to the role than what you are.
I heard an Israeli speaking on Palestinian human rights issues, an interesting guy, and he said 'There's no military solution to terrorism. If there were, Israel would be the safest place in the world. But there's no military solution.'
With the success of a show, you get an opportunity to call attention to things that you believe in.
You don't want your credibility banana to turn brown, but you do want to speak out about what you believe in.
Richard Schiff is a really good baseball player. It's surprising because he looks exhausted.
We're telling a story. And the demands of that are different from the demands of a documentary. The audience must believe in order to keep faith in the story.
One of the most surreal moments in this election was after the third debate, when I heard a talking head say, Al Gore won on substance, on the issues. But you have to give the victory to Bush because he seems presidential.
Love means never having to say you're a zero.
John Wells let me write a couple of West Wings, which was an incredible gift. I loved it once I got past the brain injury part of it, and so I'm working on a couple of things that are far from fruition, but what I want to pursue.
Cal Ripken is steady, he focuses on his job, and he's a good guy.
I was at the vice president's Christmas party. I thought that his speech was spectacular, and I knew that it was a very emotional and difficult thing for him to do, but I admonished him for not waiting just one more stinking day.
The issue for my character, and the issue of the show is, how dirty do your feet have to get without suffocating yourself in the mud in order to get an inch of what you really want done?
You don't want to become one of those Hollywood idiots who is just blathering about anything.
This election ain't no stinkin' TV show.
I can't believe George Bush might be president.
Having an affair with an intern is just an incredibly stupid thing to do.
Anybody who can dial a telephone can master tennis scoring in about 15 minutes.
I identify with this guy's frustration and inability to control his fury at moments. I even identify with the way that this guy covers up a lot with humour. So yeah, it's interesting.
I want to see Bob Dylan do sketch comedy. I'm a huge Bob Dylan fan.
