American,Actor
You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness.
It's all I have left in my life, caffeine and a poodle.
But I believe that there are marriages where you can have your pool table and she can have her scrapbooking room or garden or whatever it is. But when everyone has what they want, it's not funny. There's no conflict.
Actually, I have my own charity that I started that helps supplement families with terminal children.
I love strong women, not only in life but in craft.
There's a black man inside of me just trying to make bail.
Humor is healing.
It's fun to play people who are flawed.
My whole life, I've been telling jokes.
I would probably be a teacher if I weren't a comedian.
We don't take care of our teachers and our cops and our firemen. They should be at the top of our list.
I think we love watching people that are flawed because we're all flawed.
I was very, very large as a kid and never athletic, and my home life was a little upside down and I never felt comfortable.
Broadway was without doubt the hardest I ever worked in my life and the highest highs I've ever had as an actor. The unadulterated fear was on a level that was hard to explain.
I believe it's a real tedious hostage negotiation to have a marriage be what it is.
I come from the world of improv; I love any show or any vehicle that gives me an opportunity to be in the moment.
I feel very, very grateful. I'm a lucky guy, you need a lot of luck, and then when the cameras roll, you have to have this group of writers, directors, and actors that just gel, and it seems to literally be happening more and more.
I think as any artist you always want to grow; you always want to get better.
I'm the type of guy that feels pressure when I have to order dinner. I'm just that type of guy but that's my fuel. I work well with pressure.
It's like whether you're in a huge movie or you've just recorded an incredible album you've got to do the next thing, and that's part of being an artist.
I think I'm better wired for television. I love variety as far as a project. I'm easily bored and the schedule of a television show, it just keeps you going.
