American,Actor
I guess darkness serves a purpose: to show us that there is redemption through chaos. I believe in that. I think that's the basis of Greek mythology.
I have so much satisfaction in my life. I have a beautiful wife and the great stimulation of an interesting career. I'm the most happy fellow that I know.
I don't believe that wishing works. I think we get the things we work for.
I wish I could go home. I've been on the road since May. I wonder if my dogs still remember me.
I believe you have a responsibility to comport yourself in a manner that gives an example to others. As a young man, I prayed for success. Now I pray just to be worthy of it.
They had a hard time miking me in my loin cloth, I mean, where were they gonna tape it?
Burroughs was never really that pleased with the way popular culture and society treated his character. He tried to make a few movies of his own as a result, but they weren't very good.
Horrible things happen, but were they horrible? No, they were just circumstances of the world.
I suppose if it has a practical purpose, I appreciate a pat on the back. I suppose it's rewarding, ultimately.
George of the Jungle is a cartoon. He's a guy who swings around on a vine all day. Are you not buying that?
As sophisticated as the technology gets, the less sophisticated you have to become as an actor.
All you have to do is just believe in what's there; then, the audience will, too.
When you throw punches at actors, you stop, you pull it, and it looks like you pulled it. When you throw punches at cartoon characters, they are not there, so you can swing through. It looks like you really decked them.
I'm just glad that I have bragging rights to working with Bugs and Daffy.
I wanted to have the opportunity to travel to Vietnam and Sydney, and have the chance to work there.
I still don't understand the music industry that much. Everything I learned was from hanging out with rock musicians in studios. I certainly have respect for those who make music their livelihood.
I would act whether or not I was paid. I would be involved in ensemble groups. I would have the desire to tell stories.
I remember thinking, I want to work for the camera.
If you run an Internet search on Vietnam and the war, most of the information you get begins at about 1962. I think this is telling. It is missing the whole period that led up to the reasons the war happened in the first place.
Graham Greene, as I understand it, was quite outspoken in his criticism of American foreign policy.
Saigon is hot, full of atmosphere, activity, and commerce.
Elizabeth Hurley and I had a lot of fun together. She's a very beautiful, confident woman.
I always approach comedy roles pretending they aren't funny.
I'm starting to judge success by the time I have for myself, the time I spend with family and friends. My priorities aren't amending; they're shifting.
I was molded, spent my time underneath a lot of goo. And then the bits and pieces were sculpted. It took probably 10 days to create each character after all those camera tests.
Forget acting. It's all about rock 'n' roll.
