American,Actor
I have a different constitution. I have a different brain; I have a different heart; I got tiger blood, man.
I don't have time for their judgement and their stupidity and you know they lay down with their ugly wives in front of their ugly children and look at their loser lives and then they look at me and they say, 'I can't process it' well, no, you never will stop trying, just sit back and enjoy the show. You know?
I'm different. I have a different constitution, I have a different brain, I have a different heart. I got tiger blood, man. Dying's for fools, dying's for amateurs.
I am on a drug. It's called Charlie Sheen.
Life all comes down to a few moments. This is one of them.
I'm tired of ignoring that I march to a different beat.
From my big beautiful warlock brain, welcome to 'Sheen's Korner' ... You're either in my corner, or you're with the trolls.
You either love or you hate. You live in the middle, you get nothing.
Boom, crush. Night, losers. Winning, duh.
I'm bi-winning. I win here, I win there.
I so desperately wanted to be Mr. Somebody. Instead, I was the little brother, included to a point.
What they're not ready for is guys like you and I and Nails and all the other gnarly gnarlingtons in my life, that we are high priests, Vatican assassin warlocks. Boom. Print that, people. See where that goes.
I've got mad energy for days. That's what people can't get their minds around. They say, 'Oh, he's going to crash.' They try to apply all these common terms to a guy who is not common. I don't fit into their little box.
I have one speed, I have one gear: go!
I saw 28 Days. I don't remember rehab being like a day camp or being that funny. Rehab is a dumping ground. It's a big landfill.
You have the right to kill me, but you don't have the right to judge me. That's life. There's nobility in that. There's focus. It's genuine. It's crystal and it's pure and it's available to everybody, so just shut your traps and put down your McDonalds, your vaccines, your Us Weekly, your TMZ and the rest of it.
I've spent, I think, close to the last decade effortlessly and magically converting your tin cans into pure gold.
I'm sorry, man, but I've got magic. I've got poetry in my fingertips. Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18, bro. And I will destroy you in the air. I will deploy my ordinance to the ground.
The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent.
I'm here and I'm ready. They're not. Bring it.
The run I was on made Sinatra, Flynn, Jagger, Richards, all of them look like droopy-eyed armless children.
I don't have a tuxedo that fits anymore because my chest and my biceps are too big.
I try to be known more for my work than for anything else.
Uncertainty is a sign of humility, and humility is just the ability or the willingness to learn.
You can't process me with a normal brain.
I have defeated this earthworm with my words. Imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists.
People say you have to work on your resentments. Yeah, no, I'm gonna hang onto them and they're gonna fuel my attack.
I tried marriage. I'm 0 for 3 with the marriage thing. So, being a ballplayer - I believe in numbers. I'm not going 0 for 4. I'm not wearing a golden sombrero.
I have to tell them that last night was a shameful train wreck filled with blind cuddly puppies.
Duh! So, we're asking you now, what are some of your favorite lines that this warlock brain produced?
Here's the good news. If I realize that I'm insane, then I'm okay with it. I'm not dangerous insane.
It's not an act. I love it. It's totally original. People go, 'What's going on with this guy? Why does he sound so weird? What is going on in his brain. I don't know. Just one day I suddenly woke up with a new brain.
