Irish,Actor
I think there's something in the fact that it's hard to be good looking and funny. You have to have an oddball quality; people have to sympathise with you to find you funny.
I feel like I need to start wearing a T-shirt saying 'This is not a photo opportunity'. People are so lovely but you do find that when you're out you spend 40% of your time posing for photographs.
I grew up among strong women so I know what it's like to be loved and humiliated in a heartbeat.
A guy who's actually self destructive is quite fun to play.
When I was about 13 I realised girls weren't going to kiss me because I was a gigantic, weird looking creature from the depths. I was like 6 ft. aged 11.
I would be nothing if it wasn't for the town where I grew up and the people who gave me my inspiration.
I'm probably working on three different scripts at any time, so there's never a time where I've got nothing to do.
What I think improv is great for is making dialogue more natural.
I come from a musical kind of family.
I grew up in a house of forthright women.
L.A. is fun, but it feels like one of those towns in the north of Scotland where there's an oil rig just off the coast and whether or not you work for the oil rig, everyone is connected to it.
The bottom line is that female writers aren't being given enough opportunities by male producers.
I often talk to myself while walking down the street. I did it as a kid.
Beyonce is the most amazing woman in the world.
Put it this way: singing is not my day job.
After 'Bridesmaids,' women know who I am.
Louis C. K. makes me laugh, I must say.
I don't know if I'd do an action movie because I don't know if I could keep a straight face; honestly, I just think it's so silly. Like, I love watching them but I can't imagine me doing one.
Hey, I think comic actors are the best actors.
I play very sweet characters, so people look at me like I'm the kid from 'The Wonder Years,' rather than Brad Pitt.
Comedy writing is taking the brief thought and going with it.
Social media is great, I guess, but it feels like technology is the sapper of innocence.
I've always been conscious of the fact that there aren't enough Irish voices on British television compared to the amount of Irish people who live there.
I definitely want to keep working in Ireland, and without being too worthy about it, if it's possible to bring work into the country, that's no harm.
All of this talk of recession offends me. I am delighted that bankers have less money.
I'm a huge, huge believer in love. Huge!
