American,Actor
The only thing you sometimes have control over is perspective. You don't have control over your situation. But you have a choice about how you view it.
The more you are positive and say, 'I want to have a good life,' the more you build that reality for yourself by creating the life that you want.
I believe in luck and fate and I believe in karma, that the energy you put out in the world comes back to meet you.
Fear runs our lives. It doesn't matter who you are. You have to understand your relationship with fear. Whether you're scared of getting into a relationship; or taking the new job; or a confrontation - you have to size fear up.
Life flies by, and it's easy to get lost in the blur. In adolescence, it's 'How do I fit in?' In your 20s, it's 'What do I want to do?' In your 30s, 'Is this what I'm meant to do?' I think the trick is living the questions. Not worrying so much about what's ahead but rather sitting in the grey area - being OK with where you are.
Sometimes I think I need to get crazy. Go to Vegas.
There are going to be good times and bad times, but lighten up.
I feel prematurely old. I'm actually having this major belated quarter-life crisis. I'm turning 30 in a couple of weeks. I've been thinking a lot about mortality. A lot about what I'm going to do with my life and how to enjoy it. One of the things I'm going to work on is being more spontaneous, letting go, embracing the beauty of come-what-may.
Musical theater is great; you get painted up, you get to play princesses and witches, and you sing. The joy alone of that can really carry a lot.
I'm enjoying the aging process and the gray hair and the wrinkles.
Whether you're scared of getting into a relationship; or taking the new job; or a confrontation - you have to size fear up.
L.A.'s a pretty, warm, easy, breezy place. You can sunbathe, get a Mai Tai, and wake up five months later. And it's still sunny. And they're still serving Mai Tais.
I find the ritual of shaving very relaxing, but for every day, it's pretty irritating on my skin, so I like having the definition a beard gives.
When I was a younger actor, I was pretty much solely motivated by validation. I just wanted to be told I was good and handsome and a part of the gang. It was pretty simple animal-social stuff. I don't care as much about those things anymore.
I think we just live in a time of the selfie. So there's a sense that everyone's uniqueness and importance on this planet should be displayed and reveled in, and that there's kind of a piece of glory for everyone.
What am I going to tweet about? My sneakers?
More than anything, what we do as actors is to sit and watch, and I would never want to get so lost in the celebrity bubble I couldn't do that because my feet no longer touch the ground.
I like a deep sports massage - a casual beating up. I try to get them whenever I can, usually more if I'm getting in shape for a role.
Right now I just want to play good roles, and if the role happens to be a gay man, that's not of any import other than, 'Is it a good story? Does it say something that's interesting?'
For me growing up, Christmas time was always the most fantastic, exciting time of year, and you'd stay up until three in the morning. You'd hear the parents wrapping in the other room but you knew that also, maybe, they were in collusion with Santa Claus.
I don't usually read self-help books, but I read a great book by a guy called Wayne Dyer: 'The Power of Intention,' which I loved.
Just lead your life and try to make the best decisions.
Women think that men don't talk about their feelings with guys. We do talk to friends about relationships, but it's succinct - 10 minutes, then we move on.
Uh, I do not wear a wig in 'Star Trek' like I did in 'Bottle Shock,' thank God. 'Bottle Shock' will be the last wig movie I ever do.
I was a shy kid, a late bloomer. At 22, I was probably 16 emotionally.
I enjoy dating. I love first dates. I think they're incredibly fascinating studies in human psychology. When you sit down across from someone on a first date and things are going alright, you talk objectives. We want to win each other over, so how do you win someone over? You have to put the best foot forward.
I talk to myself, especially in the car.
I performed and sang at school but as a child it was never anything I was interested in doing professionally.
Generally speaking, the more money that's involved in anything, the more people are expecting and hoping that it's not going to fail.
One thing that I do find really sexy is a girl who's good at crossword puzzles.
I don't know any kid that's not afraid at some point going to bed with the lights off, totally. That's why they make nightlights.
After many years of self-flagellation, I've realised that beating myself up doesn't get me anywhere.
I do like dating cynics - they tend to be incredibly funny.
My grandmother was an actress too. In the thirties and forties she was under contract with Universal Studios. Crazy credits, lots of them. My dad was also under contract with Universal Studios. And my first film was shot on the same stage they both worked on at Universal.
I had a job at this French restaurant, and I hated it. I don't like serving; I don't like getting people ketchup.
'Star Trek' scared me a lot more than 'White Jazz.' It terrified me, really. Because of the scale, the responsibility, the fact that it was this iconic character. It was the bigger challenge, so I had to take it.
When you want something enough, it brings out primal emotions. You get into this place of 'must happen, must happen.'
The great thing about theater is that you have so much time to prepare, and to fail, before presenting it to the public. In film, the high-wire act seems to be that much farther up, and the net seems to be less there.
Theater will always be a huge part of my life. The high I get from doing theater is not, quite honestly, matched by many things. I like the fact that when you step out on the stage, for that given night, for better or for worse, you are the master of the boards. I love it to death.
I think the first thing that I saw on IMAX was 'The Avengers.' The scope and the size of it are pretty neat, I will say that.
My nana was an actress, my mom was an actress, and my sister, too. So because I was surrounded by it, it really came naturally.
I find it really hard to even read another script while shooting.
I would love to do more theatre, musicals... everything.
I grew up in a house where my father went on auditions, and he got some and he lost some, and there were good years and lean years. I didn't expect anything from the business, and that's often a danger in Hollywood, the notion that if you're pretty and have white teeth and just show up for the game then you'll win.
'Star Trek' is about a bunch of disparate people and what they're capable of when they work together.
My fans have designated themselves the, uh, 'Pine Nuts.' They're a nutty bunch.
I work out because that's my job, but what I enjoy about it, beyond the vanity, is the Zen of it. I like getting out of my head, and one great way to do that is to sweat your face off. And to know that, if you're thinking of anything else, you're not working intensely enough.
I think the most dangerous word in the English language is 'should.' 'I should have done this.' Or 'I should do that.' 'Should' implies responsibility. It connotes demand. Which is just not the case. Life ebbs and flows.
I'm so envious of that genetic wiring that immediately puts a smile on your face. My genetic wiring just puts creases in my eyebrows.
I do enjoy doing action quite clearly, but I also really like doing comedy.
Everybody's got family, or they don't have family, but they come from somewhere.
Anytime you take on a character... you just have to find the parts of the character that you can understand.
No matter how bad the individual, everybody has reasons for why they do what they do.
I love the spy genre.
Hollywood is like living in a weird bubble. A bunch of people take care of you and get you stuff, and you're the center of that little microcosmic world. You start believing that it is real and... you deserve it.
If you had no real training, if you hadn't spent years and years studying a martial art, how would you kill the bad guy?
I like this idea of becoming fully realised.
You see Justin Bieber and Robert Pattinson, what they go through, and dude, that's not as exciting as it looks.
You either listen to the naysayers and fall into the pit of self-loathing, or you stay on the path and move forward.
I cry all the time - at work, at the shrink's, with my lady. 'The Notebook' killed me. 'Up' destroyed me.
Those big films are scary things. There's so much money behind those things. There's that hype. You enter a machine.
Critics think we try to make bad films. They think we want to spend five months of our lives making something bad. We always go out with the best of intentions, whether it's fluffy comedy or a drama.
On red carpets, as people throw questions at you, you try and answer as quickly as possible.
There have been, like, three auditions in my life where I feel like I'm in a 'Saturday Night Live' skit.
My name is not 'William Shatner.'
I usually just end up at home on my couch - reading.
You have to be able to carry a conversation. I think after the initial attraction kind of dies down. The lust dies down. There has to be the thing that engages you.
Therapy's like going to the gym.
I've worked Keira Knightley quite a bit and Kevin Costner.
I broke my finger in a stunt in a very not-too-romantic way. I was just trying to tackle someone, and I just flicked his forearm and then screamed in pain.
I'm an actor, but I am an awful liar.
From Drew Barrymore to Robert Downey Jr., there's a long list of people who have faced their troubles, wildly overcome them, and succeeded.
Lying does exist in crazy forms.
The first audition I went out on was because my father was on an audition for a TV show called the 'Gilmore Girls,' and that kind of snowballed a lot of stuff in my life.
I wanted to become an actor because I wanted friends.
I always enjoyed singing; I played guitar.
'Horrible Bosses' is just blatant, outright fun. I've read some of what the critics have said, and it's incredible how mean critics can be about comedies... It's so ridiculous.
At the end of the day, you have a job to do, and if you don't do your job, you're going to get fired. You just have to kind of put your head down and do it.
I never really thought about myself being in really big movies at all. In fact, I always though I'd do, I don't know, smaller movies is not quite the right word, but more character-oriented, dramatic things. I took myself a little bit seriously.
I'm very familiar with Tyler Perry.
I've sung in the shower for years.
I was never much of a musical theater guy, but I have so much more respect for the art form, the physical exertion of doing eight shows on Broadway a week, I cannot even fathom it.
My father calls acting 'a state of permanent retirement with short spurts of work.'
I don't think there's anything better than talk therapy.
With Facebook and Twitter, everyone wants to publicize their innermost truths.
I like to listen to French radio; I'm trying to learn French.
The authentic experience, where is that? Living the moment. That is something that we're losing.
I really like the ritual of shaving. I like getting the perfect brush and finding the right sandalwood soap. The act of shaving, though, is not fun. I like beards and the ease of them.
I have such awful skin; it doesn't matter what magic serum they think they're putting on - I'll usually break out.
I like a fragrance that you notice and want to find out more about - get a bit closer. I don't want to walk in and be jolted awake by someone's smell.
You can be many miles away and press a button on a keyboard, and it can cause devastation.
I'm not really sure what gay propaganda is.
The customer is not always right.
I've seen what can happen to an actor when he's just working for the sake of working. All of a sudden it's ten years later, your career's happened, and you haven't had any control.
I still assume that, any day, I'm going to be exposed as a fraud. That, like I once heard Gene Hackman say, the acting police are going to burst in and take away my card.
In high school, I once sang 'Let's Get It On' and 'Brown Sugar' with a band that included my English teacher and my math teacher.
My go-to line when it's the resume game is that I'm either Chris Evans or Ryan Reynolds.
There's certainly the ego-based me that is very competitive.
Look at the movies of the sixties and seventies. They were making a different kind of movie then. Would 'Network' ever be made now? No. Would 'Kramer vs. Kramer' ever be made now? No. Would 'Tootsie' ever be made now? Probably not. Robert Altman films? Never.
What kind of woman am I attracted to? Really? Can I just say I like what most human beings want?
When I'm kissing someone, I don't want to feel as though I'm rubbing off all the makeup that's on their face or messing things around. I think natural is better.
I think the great thing about the Jack Ryan films is that the plot and the story always take center stage. If you've done your job as the actor portraying Jack Ryan, you are present enough to make an impact, but you let the story shine.
'Me' time is just as important as 'us' time.
I'm sensitive, and I don't ever want to make anyone feel uncomfortable.
Film is just a different version of what we did round the campfire when we were Neanderthals. We tell stories so people can learn things and relativise things.
I have worked hard to get where I am.
I love architecture.
For me, work is one thing, and my life is another.
What am I going to tweet about? My sneakers? Or, 'I have 140,000 friends on Facebook.' What does that even mean? I find it to be a waste of time.
For me, I love exploring ideas and throwing stuff against the wall and seeing what fits, and if I had a really nice collaborative team around me who could deal with the more day-to-day minutia, that would be fun. And directing sometime in the future and writing... yeah, I can see that all in my future. But I can be incredibly lazy.
Action films unfortunately don't let you spend a lot of time sitting. So you don't have much time to create something indelible or unique.
My father has been an actor since 1964. Things were tight a lot of the times, financially. It wasn't like a big romantic adventure.
I'm in that lucky percentile where I can worry about how I want to shape my career. That's a wonderful place to be.
For me, fragrances are very - one of these beautiful art forms that bring about a whole host of things. It's what you want to smell like, it's memories that make you smile or are resonant of times in your life, it can remind you of music. If you're a lover of scent, it's a very kind of particular and evocative thing.
I like kind of natural, woodsy earth tones. I like patchouli. I like tobacco. I like sandalwood. I like tree resin. I'm not a huge fan of citrus - I like things that are kind of moodier and... more deeper base notes.
I think it's a fair criticism to say that we've gotten our fill of superhero films, and audiences should just have different things to choose from when they go to the theaters.
There's some beautiful filmmaking on television. I'm getting a lot of my artistic sustenance from what's happening there.
I don't have any interest in filmmakers making statements just for the sake of being provocative.
I don't think there's anything less attractive than a man over-dyeing things on his face, so I'm going to try, for as long as I can, to age as my male forefathers before me. My father started getting grays when he was in his 30s, as did my grandfather before him, so I don't want to look perpetually young.
The things that motivated me at 21 don't suffice. Which is scary but really liberating in a way. It's taken me a long time to feel like, instead of being invited to the party with a bunch of people I don't know, that I actually deserve to be here.
I think the western is about people in harsh places trying to tame an unfriendly wilderness. Because life is defined by struggle, it's kind of the perfect microcosmic experience to explore that. 'Here we are, struggling.' It's about people persevering and persevering and persevering.
I love the '40s. I love the '50s. I love the style, I love the clothes. I love how the women looked. I love the dances. I love the music. I love the amber of the light. I'm just in love with the cars. I'm in love with all of it.
There's something so naked about being on stage as a musician. I think about that even with standup comedy or something - like, 'This is it, this is what I got.'
I clearly haven't made a good enough impression on people. My go-to line when it's the resume game is that I'm either Chris Evans or Ryan Reynolds.
I'm not saying that the action/science-fiction genre is bad in itself. I make those films. I'm just saying that the studios have put all their cards on black.
If I would have planned it, I would have had what Gosling has, that kind of art-house career.
I try to live joyfully and the by the rule of treating others how you'd want to be treated - that's a good one to stick by.
