English,Actor
I think the themes of belonging and parentage and love are obviously universal.
I wasn't always such a great fan of Shakespeare, mind you. I can guess we all at one time had it rammed down our necks at school, which tends to take the edge off it.
Any horror element is as much psychological as special effects.
I care more about telly because it made me an actor and there's a much more immediate response to TV. You can address the political or cultural fabric of your country.
I don't like to watch playback. But being on the set, watching the way the camera is being moved and the way the light is being used, you do get an idea of it.
I don't see a lot of films. I'm quite choosy, but there's certain films that stick out.
I got a tiny part in a play, auditioned for another one and got that as well. Not only that, the first finished on the Saturday and the other started on the Monday which is like an actor's dream!
I had bags of energy as a kid.
I had to help to coax the performances and I really enjoyed that extra responsibility.
I heard the various terms of abuse at school and probably indulged them in the way you do as a kid.
I know exactly where I've come from, I know exactly who my mum and dad are.
I love Dead Ringers. A democratic set, the work was taken seriously.
I love my accent, I thought it was useful in Gone In 60 Seconds because the standard villain is upper class or Cockney. My Northern accent would be an odd clash opposite Nic Cage.
I only ever worked on interiors, and an interior is an interior. I don't know what they did about exteriors.
I think film and television are really a director's medium, whereas theatre is the actor's medium.
I think theatre is by far the most rewarding experience for an actor. You get 4 weeks to rehearse your character and then at 7:30 pm you start acting and nobody stops you, acting with your entire soul.
I used my instincts. It's very easy to imagine how you'd feel, actually. I just had to tell the narrative.
I want to direct but I think I'd be bloody awful and I don't want to produce but I think I'd be a very good producer because if I believed in something I'd be able to protect it.
I went being unemployed for three years to being the lead in a British feature in the days when we only made two a year, 1990. It was ridiculous really.
I've never been up with the times, always been slightly out of step.
It can be very difficult to trace your birth parents.
Jacobean plays, before Shakespeare, were particularly visceral.
Lots of middle class people are running around pretending to be Cockney.
Many times I've sat with a camera and another actor and seen all their fears and insecurities and struggles. You want to support them and help them as much as you can.
My parents always knew I was hopeless at everything else, I was fortunate in that I was backed all the way. I came to it late and only because I thought there'd be loads of women and drinking!
Often as a child you see someone with a learning disability or Down's Syndrome and my mum and dad were always very quick to explain exactly what was going on and to be in their own way inclusive and welcoming.
