American,Actor
Everyone feels like family and I am back in the city that I love.
I like big casts. The experience of working together, that human contact - those are my roots, professionally.
Most people know that forests are the lungs of our planet, literally playing a critical role in every breath we take. And that they're also home to incredible animals like the orangutan and elephant, which will go extinct if we keep cutting down their forests.
We need healthy forests if we want to protect our climate. As the climate changes, forests become more vulnerable to insect outbreaks, droughts and wildfires. Simultaneously, when our forests are destroyed, their carbon is released back into the atmosphere, further impacting climate change. It's a horrifying one-two punch.
As soon as I feel people are talking too much about my character, it's time to leave.
In society, we have these unspoken rules of conduct, these 'shoulds.' Even though we pride ourselves on being a democracy, there are all these ways we say you 'should' behave. But what if you're living your life by the 'shoulds' and you're not really living your life?
I have enough attention already. More, I don't really need.
No one ever takes my side.
I don't mind demanding women.
Sex and the City changed New York-New York's become a big shoe store now, unfortunately.
I cannot explain something that no one has ever figured out.
I jumped into acting because it was fun. It was tougher when I had to take my fun seriously.
If you're an actor in your heart, no matter how much money they shove at you, it doesn't matter if the work doesn't provide that creative spark. You want out.
By my third year of Law and Order, I was climbing the walls. But you don't leave a hit show, especially when you have a five-year contract.
I don't know the politics of Hollywood. Am I hungry for great material? Every actor is. How I can get to it, that's another story.
'Law and Order' is completely story-driven and completely characterless, really. If you do that format for five years and you're an actor, you're bound to get bored. It wears on you. And it was really wearing on me.
At this point in my life, I like the security of a job, while still having time for my young son and to pursue other creative work.
We talk about, you know, diet and that we shouldn't give our kids big things and obesity and fast food. Well, you know there are people who don't have that problem because they're not getting any food! We have so many deep problems and issues facing humanity.
You look around New York, and we are surrounded by restaurants and food trucks, and we celebrate food in this city like no tomorrow.
I always get involved with the environment because once you go past the tipping point with the environment, you don't get it back.
Success can be obviously a two way street.
Yoga's hard for me, but I know you can really feel the difference when you do it consistently. I'd rather be playing basketball.
Look, I'm a huge supporter of Obama's - he's the first president I ever donated money to. But I think in terms of climate change and the environment, he's been, at best, disappointing.
As an actor you appreciate the security of a job. But I don't ever want to get too comfortable.
I don't want to be identified by any one role I do.
I never wanted to be the lead on a TV drama. It just robs you of your life, really.
