American,Actor
Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that's real power.
They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.
There's a rebel lying deep in my soul.
I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.
If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands.
What you put into life is what you get out of it.
We boil at different degrees.
The innocence of childhood is like the innocence of a lot of animals.
You should never give up your inner self.
My uncle played rugby, and my dad played football, and they used to argue which game was the roughest - and everybody agreed rugby was. It's a great team sport, and to be successful, every person has to play in the same level.
The less secure a man is, the more likely he is to have extreme prejudice.
Aging can be fun if you lay back and enjoy it.
If you ever go to a music session, you'll notice that the musicians can sit down and start playing right away, and everyone knows what to do. Of course they're reading it, but the conductor can tweak little things, and you can take that back to directing motion pictures.
If you think it's going to rain, it will.
When you're young, you're very reckless. Then you get conservative. Then you get reckless again.
Let's put it this way: there wouldn't be much point in me attending a high-school reunion now because there wouldn't be anybody there. We'd struggle to raise a quorum.
A lot of people are bored of all the political correctness.
You have to feel confident. If you don't, then you're going to be hesitant and defensive, and there'll be a lot of things working against you.
I will never win an Oscar, and do you know why? First of all, because I'm not Jewish. Secondly, I make too much money for all those old farts in the Academy.
Plagiarism is always the biggest thing in Hollywood.
Men must know their limitations.
The guys who won World War II and that whole generation have disappeared, and now we have a bunch of teenage twits.
I don't really get into a big intellectual analysis of why I am going to do a certain script or not.
I think kids are natural actors. You watch most kids; if they don't have a toy, they'll pick up a stick and make a toy out of it. Kids will daydream all the time.
The country has come a long way in race relations, but the pendulum swings so far back. Everyone wants to be so sensitive.
Stage actors are usually much more conscious of speaking up and making sure that everyone can hear in the back of the theatre; a film actor probably thinks of that a little less.
You can't stop everything from happening. But we've gotten to a point where we're certainly trying. If a car doesn't have four hundred air bags in it, then it's no good.
Crimes against children are the most heinous crime. That, for me, would be a reason for capital punishment because children are innocent and need the guidance of an adult society.
Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.
My dad was fiscally conservative, and I was influenced by that. He didn't believe in spending more than you had because it gets you into trouble.
I've had moments when I've thought about somebody, picked up the phone to call them and they are on the line already, and I think that maybe there's some vibration, some connection.
You are always hoping that movie audiences are interested in characters and interested in story values rather than just mindless special effects. But you never know.
This film cost $31 million. With that kind of money I could have invaded some country.
I'm not a reality-TV kind of guy. But it's almost like we're living in a reality show. Every day in this country, everybody keeps worrying about the deterioration of America, and it's like a big reality show.
The U.S. military was segregated 'til the Korean War, and the blacks in World War Two were totally segregated.
I always thought of myself as a character actor. I never thought of myself as a leading man.
There's no real excuse for being successful enough as an actor to do what you want and then selling out. You do it pure. You don't try to adapt it, make it commercial.
It's a very confusing era that we're in.
When I see a story, I ask: is this something I'd like to be in? Is this something I'd like to see? And if I'd like to see it, would I like to tell it?
Every story has its demands.
There was a stool there, and some fella kept asking me if I wanted to sit down. When I saw the stool sitting there, it gave me the idea. I'll just put the stool out there and I'll talk to Mr. Obama and ask him why he didn't keep all of the promises he made to everybody.
Some people feel that the world owes them a living.
I've always felt that if I examine myself too much, I'll find out what I know and don't know, and I'll burst the bubble. I've gotten so lucky relying on my animal instincts, I'd rather keep a little bit of the animal alive.
President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people.
I would just like to say something, ladies and gentlemen. Something that I think is very important. It is that, you, we - we own this country. We - we own it. It is not you owning it, and not politicians owning it. Politicians are employees of ours.
Actors know, with me they aren't going to be allowed to rehearse a scene for a couple of hours and then get away with doing 25 takes before we get it right. So they come with their full bag of tricks.
There are two kinds of people in this world. 'I' people and 'we' people. I've always tried to be a 'we' person.
Liberals are not always so liberal with people who disapprove - disapprove of their point of view.
I became a Republican in 1951, the first year I could vote.
I never sympathise with the accused unless there's a chance the accused is not guilty, but I certainly don't ever sympathise with the criminal.
'Mystic River' just smelled interesting to me. So I read it and liked it right away. Even the dialogue in it was great.
We are like boxers, one never knows how much longer one has.
Nowadays, politically, everybody is promising everything. That's the only way you can get elected.
The fact is, violence is not only not a beautiful thing, but it's also very painful and not without consequences for the perpetrator as well as the victim.
Actors know what actors are insecure about - and they're all insecure.
They've got this crazy actor who's 82 years old up there in a suit. I was a mayor, and they're probably thinking I know how to give a speech, but even when I was mayor I never gave speeches. I gave talks.
I think 'Dirty Harry' was probably sensitive toward the victims of violent crime.
As I get older, I tend to put more into family than I used to.
I read every book there was on jazz, about the original players - King Oliver, Buddy Bolden and all those groups. At one time I was fairly well schooled in that... I could tell you who played where and when, historically, way before my time.
Alfred Hitchcock once told me, when I was analyzing a lot of things about his pictures, 'Clint, you must remember, it's only a movie.'
In my career as a director, there's always been some point where you get halfway through it, or three-quarters, and you go: 'What is this thing all about, and why am I telling the story? Does anybody really care about seeing this?' At that time you have to say: 'OK, forget that and just go ahead.'
You hear about actors being late and all that sort of stuff, but you never find that with an actor who's directed, because an actor who's directed understands all the problems your production is going through.
I am a good listener. I think that came from my schooling.
If you're really satisfied with your position on something, you just say, 'Hey;' you just very calmly present something.
Fate pulls you in different directions.
I want the troops from Great Britain and the U.S. to be successful, but by the same token, Afghanistan has always been a screw-up.
I was an Eisenhower Republican when I started out at 21 because he promised to get us out of the Korean War.
I tend to believe that audiences are relatively well-balanced people.
Governor Romney has a great business background. He is extremely well educated. He has several degrees from Harvard, including, you know, business and including a law degree.
Everybody thinks making films back to back is a big deal but they did it all the time in the old days.
I'm a mentor to anybody who's interested.
Comedy isn't necessarily all dialogue. Think of Buster Keaton: the poker face and all this chaos going on all around him. Sometimes it's a question of timing, of the proper rhythm.
I'm a movie maker, but I have the same feelings as the average guy out there.
In 'Gran Torino,' I play a guy who's racially offensive. But he learned. It shows that you're never too old to learn and embrace people that you don't understand to begin with. It seems like nobody else got that message, I guess.
When you listen to Ray Charles, there's never any doubt whose voice that is.
I'm interested in the fact that the less secure a man is, the more likely he is to have extreme prejudice.
My old drama coach used to say, 'Don't just do something, stand there.' Gary Cooper wasn't afraid to do nothing.
In school, I could hear the leaves rustle and go on a journey.
It takes tremendous discipline to control the influence, the power you have over other people's lives.
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can.
I don't mind telling a dark side.
Drama usually has some sort of intense conflict.
I'm not a chick-flick enthusiast.
It's much more fun to play something you're nothing like than what you are... It's much easier to hide yourself in a character.
My mother knew how to read music and everything. But I just kinda learned off of records. And so, I was listening to records and I'd play 'em over and over.
I still work out on a daily basis.
I always liked characters that were more grounded in reality.
I'm just a kid - I've got a lot of stuff to do yet.
You always want to quit while you are ahead. You don't want to be like a fighter who stays too long in the ring until you're not performing at your best.
I do believe in self-help.
I keep working because I learn something new all the time.
I think being able to age gracefully is a very important talent. It is too late for me.
I'm not really conservative. I'm conservative on certain things. I believe in less government. I believe in fiscal responsibility and all those things that maybe Republicans used to believe in but don't any more.
If you're doing a biography, you try to stay as accurate as possible to reality. But you really don't know what was going on in the person's mind. You just know what was going on in the minds of people around him.
Society is at odds with itself.
I was drafted during the Korean War.
I mean, I've always been a libertarian. Leave everybody alone. Let everybody else do what they want. Just stay out of everybody else's hair.
I've taken advantage of a few breaks that came along and moved along with them.
I just make the pictures and where they fall is where they fall. If somebody likes them, that's always nice. And if they don't like them, then too bad.
If a person doesn't change, there's something really wrong with him.
Overnight stardom can be harmful to your mental health. Yeah. It has ruined a lot of people.
As you get older, you're not afraid of doubt. Doubt isn't running the show. You take out all the self-agonizing.
If I'd had good discipline, I might have gone into music.
People love westerns worldwide. There's something fantasy-like about an individual fighting the elements. Or even bad guys and the elements. It's a simpler time. There's no organized laws and stuff.
The craving for information is so huge now, and it can be marketed at such a rapid rate.
Our modern society - especially in the West, and especially now - reveres youth.
I haven't been very active in politics.
Of course we all know Biden is the intellect of the Democratic Party. Kind of a grin with a body behind it.
There are a lot of conservative people, a lot of moderate people, Republicans, Democrats, in Hollywood. It is just that the conservative people by the nature of the word itself play closer to the vest. They do not go around hot dogging it.
And I think it's that time. And I think if you just step aside and Mr. Romney can kind of take over. You can maybe still use a plane. Though maybe a smaller one. Not that big gas guzzler you are going around to colleges and talking about student loans and stuff like that.
I just think it is important that you realize, that you're the best in the world. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican or whether you're libertarian or whatever, you are the best. And we should not ever forget that. And when somebody does not do the job, we got to let them go.
Even people on the liberal side are starting to worry about going off a fiscal cliff.
A lot of people are realizing they had the wool pulled over their eyes by Obama.
When I do a picture and it's 90% black, like 'Bird,' I use 90% black people.
My wife used to be an anchorwoman in Arizona, so she knew John McCain, and she liked him, and I kinda liked him.
I guess I'm living in the present more than the past.
There are certain age limits on police officers. They'd have retired me out at 65.
A war is a horrible thing, but it's also a unifier of countries.
I have worked ever since I was 13.
When I was born, the economy wasn't in a great state; it was the Depression, and my father had to be quick to try and find work.
When I was growing up, I wasn't an extrovert. If anything, I was an introverted kid and a very average pupil at school. I was very quiet.
I love stories about women.
Every picture has its own demands, and every picture stimulates something within you to tell it a certain way. I don't know what that is; I don't think too much about that.
I am certainly not politically affiliated with Mr. Obama.
There has to be something in every role that interests you.
My mother always told me it wasn't polite to ask what people make.
Politicians love regulating. That's part of the whole power structure.
I'm not a New Age person, but I do believe in meditation, and for that reason I've always liked the Buddhist religion. When I've been to Japan, I've been to Buddhist temples and meditated, and I found that rewarding.
I probably would have retired years ago if I hadn't found interesting things to do.
I like working. That's when I'm feeling my best. And the people around me know that. My wife knows that.
If somebody's dumb enough to ask me to go to a political convention and say something, they're going to have to take what they get.
Why am I a star? It can't be because of looks.
I'm not really a Hollywood person. Not that I don't like L.A., but I'm just a Northern California guy.
When I'm a director, I look at myself the actor as a completely different person. It's somebody else up there, an actor playing a role. I keep myself out of it.
I've always been very liberal when it comes to people thinking for themselves.
When I was a kid, I thought movies just came from air. I thought they just appeared.
It would be great to be 105 and still making films.
You have to steal a lot. You have to have a criminal mentality to be a film director.
I have been trying to retire to the back of the camera for quite a few years, and in 1970, when I first started directing, I said, 'If I could pull this off, I can some day move to the back of the camera and stay there.'
Other than obvious errors like forgetting a line, often I can't see any difference between take one and take 20.
When you work with kids, especially, you want to be ready to turn the camera on at a moment's notice.
I've always said the one advantage an actor has of converting to a director is that he's been in front of the camera. He doesn't have to get in front of the camera again, subliminally or otherwise.
I played characters with villainous aspect. But out-and-out villain? No.
I've had no problem harnessing anger.
I'm not afraid to look bad on the screen.
Nobody looks like they did when they were 20, so why not take advantage of the fact that you're changing, emotionally as well as physically?
I don't like to see a president who is just out campaigning all year long or for the last four years. I'd like to see somebody who's going in the office. In fact, I'd like to not see them because that way you'd be sure that they'd be working.
Hoover was a patriot in his heart, but he definitely exceeded his power.
On 'Mystic River,' I had to cut my salary and everyone else's to get it made.
I'm a day-to-day-type person.
I'm not a regrets-type person.
It's always fun to talk about jazz.
In the Bay Area, there was a resurgence of Dixieland jazz in the '40s - there was the Frisco Jazz Band, and Lu Watters and the Yerba Buena Jazz Band.
The only black battalion on Iwo Jima was a small munitions supply unit that came to the beach.
I'd always tried to resist playing the supervirility thing. I liked showing the vulnerability of age.
Prime time for men is, say, 35 to 45. Then they level off and fall off.
At the major studios, you see people wanting to remake a TV series, wanting to make a sequel.
Movies are fun, but they are no cure for cancer.
I like a drama.
I guess maybe when you get past 70, other people start asking you how you feel.
Just try not to ingest a lot of fats, and just try to eat carefully.
A lot of dumb pictures have made a lot of money, but that doesn't mean they're going to be anything cinema students will revel over in the future.
Naturally, everybody has certain things they wish they hadn't done in life. They wish they hadn't kicked their dog when they were ten or something.
I knew Billy Wilder socially and would have loved to work with him.
I kind of make a film for myself to sort of express myself.
I do believe in the energy and the productivity of the American business world.
Everybody is idealistic when you're a kid.
I love big business!
In past generations, people would try to play younger than they really are. My trick is, I don't try to play younger than I really am.
As long as somebody finances you, can make a film and get it seen any place and in any language; then, hopefully, it's a success.
Yes, I'm always - I'm always surprised when you make a film and you live with it a while and you put it out, you never dream that anybody is ever going to want to really see it.
I think our politicians could learn a lot from Mandela.
As much as I love the Western genre, I figured if I kept doing those, I'd eventually run out of steam on that, and that would've been the end of it.
I liked Vittorio De Sica a lot, and I got to work with him once in a segment movie. He was a great director. He was a very charismatic character and a guy I watched a lot when he was directing.
I like Italian movies. I was frequently there in the '60s, in Rome and the vicinity. It was a great period in life. I was very influenced by their stuff.
'Unforgiven' is probably an example of a script that I liked right away but thought, 'This is great, but I'd like to do this when I'm older.' So I stuck it in the drawer for ten years and then took it out.
I think everybody has something that they've been obsessed about in their lifetime.
My dad was a big admirer of Sergeant York stories from the First World War.
You make a movie, and if somebody reads something into it, then great, more power to him.
Movies were invented for Jimmy Cagney, and he was invented for the movies. A perfect match.
Society has made us believe you should look like an 18-year-old model all your life.
I just don't like killing creatures.
I hate to see anybody sink. I hate to see anybody lose their dream, lose their home, something like that.
I played a little basketball. Some football in junior high.
If you consider film an art form, as some people do, then the Western would be a truly American art form, much as jazz is.
My grandfather lived to be late 90s on one side and on the other side, 70s or something. And my father died young, at 63. But he didn't take very good care of himself.
I think there is a lot made out of age, and what age you feel.
In 'Changeling,' I tried to show something you'd never see nowadays - a kid sitting and looking at the radio. Just sitting in front of the radio and listening. Your mind does the rest.
Winning the election is a good-news, bad-news kind of thing. Okay, now you're the mayor. The bad news is, now you're the mayor.
