English,Actor
Jewelery isn't really my thing, but I've always got my eye on people's watches.
The sexiest part of the body is the eyes. That's what I believe.
I think anybody who bets on horses and says they win is probably a liar.
When you are shooting action, there is a satisfying thing because your objectives are very clear.
A huge part of acting in movies is appetite. You do your best work when you've got a lot of appetite and you really want to embrace something. When you get tired, you don't have that hunger.
One of the things I'm most proud of about my career is the fact I've managed to keep options open.
Very often when you see families it's all perfect and neat, and parenting isn't like that. You do have constant negotiations. Things are ever developing and ever changing, and you constantly have to evaluate how you deal with your kids.
As a teenager I was crazy about David Bowie. He was a huge inspiration for me. I dressed a little bit crazily in school and dyed my hair every colour under the sun.
I just like to keep challenging myself, keep it varied. It's a craft, and I'm constantly trying to learn and get better at it.
I love to mix it up. I love to keep doing different things.
I think I am more attracted to characters with a subtext, whatever that is and they don't necessarily have to be virtuous, but they have to at least be human.
I'm not the kind of actor who goes into exhaustive research for each role.
Parenthood and family come first for me, and when I'm not working I'm cool with the Teletubbies.
You go back to those films of the '40s and '50s and hear the dialogue, the way the people played off each other - the wordplay. I think we've really lost that in movies.
Every journalist who is not too stupid or too full of himself to notice what is going on knows that what he does is morally indefensible.
I am a big soccer fan, and a very big Liverpool fan.
I dread karaoke. I hate karaoke. I can't sing - that is why.
I don't play video games.
I think that Phil Kaufman is one of the best directors that I have come across.
I was not a very fearful kid, really.
I'm a huge fan of 'The Exorcist.'
I'm not a great one for classic horror or cheap thrills.
I actually really love working with young actors because they're so responsive and instinctive, and it's a much less honed craft that they're employing.
I live in London and I love living in a gun free environment and long may it continue.
I am comfortable around babies and children because I have two of my own.
Rudeness can make me angry.
I always want my options to be open.
The idea of goodies and baddies has always fascinated me, and what people consider to be a goodie or a baddie, because I've never seen any of my characters as baddies.
I'm just a working actor.
I just love playing good guys.
For me really good acting is about subtext.
I would never give anybody any advice about anything.
You're always dealing with emotions as an actor.
I go off and make movies; I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls.
When there's an idiot driving crazily in front of you, that can wind the best of you up.
There's not a big gun culture in England at all still.
I watch a film and the most important thing to me is what I think of the movie.
I want to be in movies that stand the test of time.
The worst piece of advice I've gotten in my whole career is from somebody who said, 'Remember, it's all about likeability.'
I've had some great times with actresses, but that's in a movie.
You see these actresses who have had Botox or something else done, and it takes you out of the film.
I don't do facials or any of that stuff, but my workout regime does tend to depend on whether I have to take my top off in my next film because otherwise I know I'm too heavy.
I can honestly say I've never chosen a film because where it's shot is convenient.
I'd love to do a Western.
I never really look at life and worry about missed opportunities.
As I get older, I've been having a better and better time.
For me, London is and always will be home.
I've been very fortunate with the scripts I've had and the people I worked with.
I do wear suits all the time.
I think it's dangerous to get into ideas of planning careers.
I think there is a lot of overexplaining both in writing and acting. People don't need to be hit on the head.
I couldn't bear a marriage in which one partner hinges on the other.
My wife needs her freedom just like me.
Belfast during the Troubles looked like a different world.
For some people, an event happens and they are thrown into a tabloid feeding ground.
If you explode onto the scene at a very young age, there are so many people pulling you in different directions. It takes time to recalibrate and see what's important.
I never wanted to be a movie star.
I was at the birth of my two girls.
I guess I'm not that metrosexual. My bathroom cabinet is hardly overflowing with products. I only really have my stuff for shaving. I can't honestly say I moisturise, though I probably should.
I don't think I've ever had a real fashion disaster.
I certainly don't think of myself as an action hero.
I have a problem with a lot of men's fragrances because they are very strong. Somebody somewhere thinks that masculine means powerful smells, and I find them overbearing and not very pleasant.
I don't like it when people are trying too hard. That goes for clothes, for acting, for everything. It's just not good when it seems like you're making too much of an effort.
If you are making a script based on a book it can be frustrating going back to the source novel, because you're turning the story into a totally different thing; the narrative of film is different from that of a book.
Audiences can be very judgmental.
Ultimately, to have a career in movies, to a certain extent, certainly in England, you can't sustain a career in just English movies.
A room full of great sportsmen is so much better than a room full of actors.
I like to play characters that are convincing, that aren't just straightforward and nice.
The financial implode is bound to be reflected in the movies that are being made, there's no question.
There's certainly a huge element of luck in me ending up where I've ended up.
