American,Actor
I have led a pretty colorful life.
You have to stay updated on trends, social things and pop culture, you need to stay with the times and keep evolving.
The people that become the biggest jokes are people who do not change. They stay the way they were in the past. Look at Michael Jackson, he never evolved.
Thrillers are my favorite. I like stuff that keeps you on the edge of your seat or maybe makes you jump.
If anything needs to get fixed in society, it's people's consumption of other people's problems.
As an actor, you're pretty much a hired gun. You are reading other people's words off of a page and doing what they want you to do.
I'm a bit of a hippie.
I literally was famous before I knew my own name.
Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that.
I'm more than an actor. I'm an icon, an industry.
It was a great experience for a kid, because it was a bunch of kids playing on pirate ships and water slides, so looking back on it, it was the fondest experience of my childhood.
It's funny; I actually made poorer decisions when I sobered up then when I was screwed up.
My acting career began at age three and my parents got me into it. I was in a McDonald's commercial.
I met my wife by breaking two of my rules: never date a girl seriously that you meet at a nightclub and never date a fan.
Oh, I see people everywhere. Some are celebs, but most of my friends are just regular people. The thing is, even celebs are normal people too. Just people.
I don't want to be lumped into any categories.
I've been labeled all my life.
I would like, in the long term, to be recognized as a writer-director-actor.
As a kid, I liked the 'Halloween' movies and 'Nightmare On Elm Street' and all that kind of stuff. But as an adult, I really don't watch much horror, to be honest.
I had a very rough and tumultuous childhood.
I'd say that animal rights and environmental issues have always been at the forefront of my mind.
When God put everybody here, I don't think that he had a master plan of a pecking order. That's not what you see in the Bible. I disagree with that notion, so in my estimation, we've all been put on this planet to share it. It is our duty and our obligation and our responsibility to make sure that we've done so in the proper fashion.
On the musical side, I always wanted to kind of carry on Pink Floyd's sound. You know, Pink Floyd always had such an original, creative and masterful sound, but there are no new albums. My thought was that there's a way to keep their sound alive.
People always want to pin yesterday's news on you, as opposed to asking you what you're going to do for the future, what you're doing today.
Self-realization is great.
As an entertainer, a comedy guy, whatever, you're never gonna be truly 100-percent happy with anything.
