American,Actor
Shooting a television show can be very difficult and at times can really wear on you. If you keep reminding yourself that it is a job and you show up together as a team and as a whole, you can prevail.
I see L.A. as a beautiful blonde with dirty underwear.
I went to Ithaca, found the Grateful Dead and my life was changed.
I was always one who was clowning around in school and getting in trouble.
I want to make films and write films, which will happen, I'm just taking a different route right now. I'm a bit of a chameleon with the whole entertainment industry so to speak.
I think it's always challenging to look at a script and make it your own while maintaining the sense of what the style of the show is.
I have a very clear vision as to what I want at the end of my prep, and then I throw it out and let the creative process take over.
It's a blessing to be a part of such great shows that they're so recognizable.
I'm glad that I'm able to entertain and be a part of people watching shows and enjoying the work.
I'd like to do an independent film.
I don't do serious.
I'm a sock guy.
To have that opportunity to direct under my belt was fantastic, so I'm glad I did it.
I like to direct for the big screen.
I've never really been concerned about being typecast, for me it's just about enjoying my work and being very professional in taking things on.
I love going over to Europe.
I seem to get recognized more in London and Europe than over here in the States.
I had my shortcomings - crazy hair, braces, bad skin and all that stuff. I went through it all.
I was associated with a woman who I was involved with and had a relationship with. She asked for money. I felt as though I was being blackmailed or there was some sort of extortion.
In a sacred ground like marriage, you find yourself out of it at certain times for reasons unknown that can be destructive. There could be a demon that kind of comes out and overtakes you.
Do I believe in giving up? No, I don't.
I'm a fighter. I'm a lover.
I haven't been faithful to my wife. Our marriage has been tainted with my infidelities. I was irresponsible.
I hate TiVo, I hate DVRs. I do not get them.
I'm a sports guy. Football, God, I flip out.
I believe in letting each person find what they need and not getting involved with their destiny.
