American,Actor
If you're not a daydreamer, you haven't got any imagination.
My mom used to take me down to the Jersey Shore when I was 7, 8, 9 years old. I can remember being down in that area - Belmar, Seaside Heights, Asbury Park and all those places that I went back and revisited.
For me to go back and to play for audiences some of whom have been following me for thirty years and some who have found me in the last five or six years, that's really an interesting thing. I have an audience that goes from kids to seventy year olds.
I want to love. I want to enjoy life.
It's not that my father didn't love me, it's just that he wasn't capable of consistently being there. His mood swings were gigantic.
Kids need role models, whether it's baseball players, actors or musicians: people to bring a little positive light into their hearts and minds. We need to be a little kinder to those people because it's not easy being that role model, looked upon as something we are all incapable of being - too perfect.
I was always really proud of the fact that I had a very positive influence as a role model.
My mother gave up a good part of her career to look after me.
When I was 11, I moved to Los Angeles to live with my father and stepmother and my half brothers. I became really close to my stepmother, and I am still very close to my brothers. My stepmother is the actress Shirley Jones, who was in 'The Partridge Family' alongside me, so we worked together for years.
In California, of all places, entertainment is the key to a vibrant economy. If we do not develop young adults capable of entering that world, the financial base of this state is sure to suffer and impact all of us.
It's not about the fame and the money because if you do good work all that stuff comes.
I don't play nostalgia acts. I don't play nostalgia shows.
I have an audience that goes from kids to seventy year olds.
It's been the work that has carried me and I never wanted to rest on my laurels or go back and do what I done before.
I've been able to go on and have a successful career on Broadway and certainly the last five years in Las Vegas have been amazing.
My life has flourished in so many ways both personally and professionally that I can't ask for a better life.
I found myself very lost after 'The Partridge Family,' and I lost my dad and I lost my manager, and I lived in a bubble, and it took me 15 years to get through that and a lot of psychotherapy, and I'm laughing about it now!
Oh, yeah. I grew up in Southern California in the 1960's. It was very different. I was an only child as opposed to having siblings. My brothers all lived with my step-mom. I am very close to them, but we were not raised in the same house.
I played in garage bands and rock and roll bands when I was in junior high and high school and saw some of the great talents of all time in the local area where I lived.
My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I.
I've always had a special relationship with the U.K. fans, because even when I wasn't working they were very supportive.
My music was never considered cool, but I've always felt that connection with the audience.
I'm not saying that I won't tour again, but the chances are slim because my priorities are different now.
I had a lot of very religious influences - Christian religious.
In a very short period of time, actors can become kind of relevant and hot.
I'm a really good team player. That's what it takes to work in the theater. That's what it takes to work in a band with musicians and writers.
I didn't end up some sad, tragic guy singing in a lounge somewhere. I never went out and took big money for nostalgia and became like an oldies act.
Going through 'The Partridge Family,' I looked up to people like Eric Clapton and Jeff Beck and all those guys. But as an actor playing a part, I had to sing what was right for the character and the show.
It's amazing what happens to your body as you get a little older.
The television and film business has never really been kind or compassionate, in general.
Having all that - the fame and adulation and women and all that stuff they talk about - doesn't make you happy. You have to make yourself happy.
My first five albums were triple-platinum, and I played a lot of concerts.
Acting was absolutely my first focus. I graduated high school in L.A., and two weeks afterwards, I moved to New York City, and I got a job in a mail room, and I got an agent, doing what actors do, with head shots and all the rest of it.
Most definitely, my dad was my biggest influence.
I saw Jimi Hendrix - it must have been four times. And he was incomparable, and his legend lives on.
Learning how to be a good parent was easy in the end because I'd basically had the What Not To Do manual.
I was very wary of repeating my father's behaviour and did everything not to act like he did.
I turned up to all my son's performances and baseball games because my father never did that for me.
I wasn't ever a bad guy, and I was never arrested or anything like that, but I was a wild boy in many respects.
Doing musicals and theatrical productions, I never did any of my hits.
I had people sleeping in front of my home. I couldn't go anywhere. It confronted me from the moment I woke up. There would be 100 people at the lot where we shot 'The Partridge Family.'
It was amazing for me growing up in the musical decade of the '60s. I saw The Beatles on television and went out and bought an electric guitar.
Contrary to public opinion and the image people have of me, I grew up in a very lower-middle-class, blue-collar environment 40 minutes outside of New York until I was 11.
It is difficult to be famous and that successful where you can't even walk down the street without people chasing you, and having people build monuments to you and worshiping you - all that stuff - but I never took that to a place where I believed it. I saw it as being temporary and a phase.
I hitched up to Haight-Ashbury in the Summer of Love, you know? And I was very much politically aligned with that whole mentality, the whole ideology of that generation, the music, the culture, the behavior.
All that stuff - 'teen idol' - that wasn't me.
Just do me a favor. Don't call me 'former teen heartthrob,' okay? It's as if they were constantly discussing your second year of college. I'm not back there anymore. I'm living in the present.
I just want to continue to produce good work. I don't want to do junk.
I don't want to end up being some joke on a bad TV series.
Anybody who carries the albatross of that teen-idol thing - well, people tend to look and say: 'There he is again. It's Fabian.' It's a very tough thing. Everybody wants to discount your talent because you have become so... I don't know... a god, if you will.
If people respond to the songs, whether they love you or hate you, then you've really done your job. You've evoked something.
It wasn't until later when people became aware of my writing that I would hear begrudgingly, 'You know, you really are a pretty good singer, I guess.'
It's always nice to have people love you, but I'd just like to be judged fairly.
There's nothing wrong with becoming a role model, nothing wrong with inspiring people to become musicians, to become actors.
Just getting your name in the papers and having people talk about you is not always a good thing.
I gave up my whole life to my career.
Until I really dealt with a lot of the demons in my life - the fear and self-doubt and unresolved issues with my old man - I could never feel fulfilled and happy. I would wake up in the morning and feel bad.
When you cut your life into a film - 90-some minutes of film - you end up taking snapshots and vignettes of the highlights of it - marriage, divorce, death, success, fame, loss. The up and the down and the up again.
Let me tell you, 10,000 is an intimate room. Believe me. I want to be able to connect to everybody in the room, and you can't with a venue any bigger than that.
I wouldn't want to play anything bigger than 10,000 again. I think it's too much, and you lose touch.
You know, many people who become famous and enjoy great success when they're young disappear after that. Maybe I've lucked out because I came back and went to work.
In the '80s, it was difficult and frustrating to appear in the theater and TV again, even though I had some successful shows and hit records. Now, I have to say, the '90s are the best decade of my life. I've done the best work and, in a funny way, I'm enjoying the most success... more than in the '70s.
I think of my career as something apart from myself.
What I want is credibility I got as a songwriter and actor and doing 'Blood Brothers' on Broadway with my brother Shaun.
Most people view success by the results, and I don't.
You can't be 24 again; you can't be new when you're 40 years old.
There were times when I was a joke, but talent survives.
What happened to me during the last couple of years of 'The Partridge Family' was I became so famous and so isolated and so unhappy that I had to do anything I could to end it.
When you go through hell, your own personal hell, and you have lost - loss of fame, loss of money, loss of career, loss of family, loss of love, loss of your own identity that I experienced in my own life - and you've been able to face the demons that have haunted you... I appreciate everything that I have.
Every day is a blessing - not to get too schmaltzy, but, really, it is.
I've had an awful lot of good fortune.
We are too occupied with celebrity. Believe me, it's not what it's cracked to be.
I don't need to remind myself of the trophies. I know what I accomplished.
