American,Actor
The happiest moment of my life was probably when my daughter was born.
I always dreamt of being a basketball player. A dream that only I believed in.
One of the scary things is that, when you're a kid, you look at your dad as the man who has no fear. When you're an adult, you realize your father had fear, and that you have it, too.
You can go through life and actually speak your mind and do it in an articulate fashion and with a really intelligent point of view.
I love the ocean, wide-open space and trees, but I'm not a gardener or anything like that. I think I may be, eventually. I was raised in the city, so I don't have that skill set, but my heart is more with the dirt than the concrete. It's an unrequited love with nature - a one-way love affair.
I don't believe in a conspiracy to hide the existence of extraterrestrial life.
Anxiety is part of creativity, the need to get something out, the need to be rid of something or to get in touch with something within.
If you're smart, you'll always be humble. You can learn all you want, but there'll always be somebody who's never read a book who'll know twice what you know.
I've made so many mistakes. But it is my feeling that you learn from failures, so I welcome them as often as I can.
I'm kind of stupid when it comes to gadgets.
I love dogs. They live in the moment and don't care about anything except affection and food. They're loyal and happy. Humans are just too damn complicated.
At one time there were voiceover artists, now there are celebrity voiceover artists. It's unfortunate because these people need the money less than the voiceover artist.
Every day I try to do breathing exercises, meditation, and yoga. These things sound awfully cliche, but they help me slow down and try to point to a truth.
My favorite parts of work as an actor and a director are those unplanned mistakes that do happen, because it's like catching lightning in a bottle. It's the best part of what we do.
I mean, there's chemistry in life and there's acting chemistry. I'm not saying they're the same thing, but they're as mysterious.
Chemistry is really about two people who like to act together, I think. It's like tennis in the most cliched way. It's like if you hit the ball, they hit the ball back, and they don't hit it into the stands, and they don't put the ball in their pocket and walk off - and they don't argue with the umpire, you know?
I don't mind close-ups, I like them, but they're kind of forceful - you see a lot, you get a lot of information in a close-up. There's less mystery.
'The X-Files,' as I recall, we didn't know really what we were until the middle of the first year. You know, so if we'd been cancelled, you get cancelled before you mature into what it is you can actually be, which is too bad.
What makes me mad is arrogance, pretension, putting on airs.
People think celebrities don't have to worry about human things like sickness and death and rent. It's like you've traveled to this Land of Celebrity, this other country.
I'm not really a gamer.
In the U.S., oddly, we have images of men as arrogant and aggressive.
My entire life has been an attempt to get back to the kind of feelings you have on a field. The sense of brotherhood, the esprit de corps, the focus - there being no past or future, just the ball. As trite as it sounds, I was happiest playing ball.
I think we all choose our style from the ether and whatever is out there.
I understand the self-loathing and the resentment, and the discipline that it takes to sit down in front of a typewriter or computer every single day, whether it's going well or not going well.
I do not think that Mulder trusts any one other than Scully. He s very solitary. She is the only one who takes him seriously. I don t know if they re in love. In a way, their relationship is deeper than that, because they cannot live without each other.
There are certain things I learned when I first started learning about acting, to try and place the character physically and emotionally. And the way you place them emotionally is often with humor.
I may be learning guitar, but I'll never be able to sing.
When I started getting notoriety it was cheesy to appear in a commercial.
I like my computer. But I don't know how to use it as well as the 10-year-old daughter.
I think there are ways in which shows can pop their heads up a little bit in the morass of everything you can watch.
One of the great things about doing series television is the guest actors that you can have come on and play around with.
I think patience is a skill and I wish I had it.
I just spend my money on the essentials. Just basically food and shelter.
Approaching a part or thinking about taking a part, I never think, 'Is that person like me?'
I'll instinctively know that I identify with a character.
I think people are always trying to demystify whatever acting is, so they want to know what your method is.
There's nothing wrong with acknowledging the panoply of life's rich experience.
You can't control your mind. Why would you want to?
Part of being an actor is letting things come about organically as opposed to forcing them.
Whenever somebody says they need an angle for their story I always fear that they've got an idea and they want me to fit into it or they want me to come up with an idea myself or I'm supposed to be more revealing than I've been, and to me it just sounds like something I don't want to do.
Maybe the best things about celebrity are the things like being able to get that seat on the plane that you wouldn't normally get, but that's kind of like cheating.
If my work was good enough, I would never have to do publicity.
You become tyrannized by this notion that women must not only be treated equally, but they must never fail.
Most journalists expect me to answer all their questions about aliens and spaceships.
I'm trying to protect what I advertise. That's my stance on any kind of self-expression.
I think the real heroic teachers are the ones who work with kids, like my mom and my sister do.
I love the Lower East Side.
Games, by nature, have more plot options and non-linear qualities than TV and film.
I feel like I came to acting late in a way.
In high school and college, I was an athlete.
I was about 26 or 27 and it was imperative that I make a living right away and it's hard to make a living on stage, so I started in television and film.
I really enjoy taking an outdoor shower.
A lot of times passion projects or films are difficult to make because they don't have proven directors attached to them.
I drive an electric car.
Actually, I have an interest in finishing my Ph.D., but I just know I never will.
When I grew up, I was in Manhattan the whole time. But my kids have been all over the world.
I'm very proud of my Scottish blood.
I don't make decisions based on money.
I'm turning into a stricter dad.
I still feel like I haven't grown up.
Humility is considered an un-masculine quality.
I enjoy trying to figure out the best way to compliment the picture and not overpower it.
I don't want to know what happens in any movie that I go to see.
Without whining and without making myself a tragic figure, there is no replacement for the loss of your privacy. It's a huge sacrifice.
98% of the people in the world are harmless and wish you well, but it only takes one person who doesn't. That's what you're constantly on guard against.
I had to work in one of the most beautiful ski resorts in the world for almost three weeks. Pity me.
I love animals and I love working with them because they don't lie.
Well, I still write poetry, but I wouldn't call myself a poet.
I had a fear that I'd be typecast, but I don't really have that fear anymore.
I don't like watching people work if they're making art.
It's hard to find scripts that know what they are from page one to page 115.
I enjoy comedy and I hope that people enjoy watching me do it.
I envisioned that as my life: staying in academia to make a living and then taking summers off to write my novels.
I never thought about the actors on television or film, like what kind of life they had.
Sometimes the better the writing, the harder it is to play because you really want to service it.
I don't need my phone to play me music. I need it to be a phone and an e-mail thing.
I don't think of myself as a TV actor. I think of myself as a film, television and Off-Off-Off-Off Broadway actor.
I wouldn't succeed at musical theater.
In terms of likeability, that's something that I don't think about as an actor when I approach a role.
I'd love to direct more.
I think Polanski's an amazing director.
I never, ever, ever cook. And I would never eat anything I might cook.
I'm half Jewish, half Scottish. It's hard for me to buy anything.
Privacy is something I have come to respect. I think when I was younger I wanted to tell everybody everything, because I thought I was so damn interesting. Then I heard the snoring.
'Alien' is a great movie. So is 'Close Encounters.' But I'm not the guy who goes out to the science-fiction festival. '2001's good.
Generally, I don't like to walk out of a movie. It's like a relationship - you want to see it to the end; otherwise, you won't know if you left early or not.
What strikes me is that 'XIII' looks like a movie. The shot making is movie-like, which is kind of fun - the kind of playful action movie shot making is pretty, is pretty good. What's also great about this game is its style and interesting story-line.
I feel like I came to acting late in a way. I was about 26 or 27, and it was imperative that I make a living right away, and it's hard to make a living on stage, so I started in television and film.
'Duch' means spirit and 'ovny' is kind of the adjectival ending, so the word itself means spiritual. It's my father's name, obviously. He took the 'H' out because he was tired of people saying Duchovny, but he never did it legally. When my parents divorced, my mother, to my father, put the 'H' back in.
It's always a mystery when you're going into a role - 'Here's your wife of 40 years and... action!' How do you create ease or chemistry or whatever is supposed to exist?
I wanted to write plays. I was at Yale graduate school at the time for English literature, not for acting... I liked the idea of collaboration, and I thought if I'm gonna write plays, I should learn something about speaking the lines that I might try to write.
Sometimes the better the writing, the harder it is to play because you really want to service it. It's hard to be that quick and articulate in life. You've got to try to make it seem discovered, you know, not rehearsed.
I'm constantly amazed by the ability a child has to show sympathy, to read emotions, to get to the heart of any situation. It's unfiltered and completely inspiring.
I won't look online. The whole fan thing makes me self-conscious, which is not to say I don't appreciate it or understand it. If Mickey Mantle were around, I'm sure I'd have a ton of questions to ask him that might make him uncomfortable. I get it. That doesn't mean it's not really awkward.
The worst thing a man can admit is 'I'm not 100 percent fulfilled by my family.' But it doesn't mean he doesn't love his family. I love my family, but I still want to work; I still want challenges. It took me a while to fall in love with the responsibility of family life, and it was a deep thing when I did.
