American,Actor
Sketches have characters, exits, entrances and are vastly different.
I'm pretty happy. I obviously have complaints about things, but for the most part, I'm on the above-average side of happy people.
Religion triggers a lot of emotions in me, most of which stem from being raised Jewish in a very Baptist community in the South. I didn't believe any of it from an early age - the clubby quality of whatever religion or church you belonged to, Judaism included. It just struck me as foolish.
I was heavily influenced by Andy Kaufman and Steven Wright.
I don't think HBO would want to do anything in conjunction with Sub Pop but I never asked either.
It's not about trying to be funny all the time. It's more of a document that hopefully is funny.
Originally they wanted me to be Buster but I really like the Tobias part.
I lived in LA for almost nine years and if I never went back there again it would be fine.
I'll think of the idea and then I'll write something down, then within that there will be a joke or two which is the original thing which I thought was funny.
I also try to think of ways to articulate the joke more economically.
You can't just yell jokes at people.
Besides if people really want to support the troops they would vote democrat.
I love Tinkle, it's really the most fun I've had in years.
I love doing stuff with Todd Barry and Jon Benjamin. We give the stage to good bands and funny people.
In New York there isn't that weird palpable competitive thing where it's friendly but everyone isn't trying to top one another with jokes when you're just hanging around.
As for Tenacious D, of course it could work as a full length movie; all it requires is a great writer and great director with an ability to think outside of conventional film comedy.
My biggest problem is retaining the exact information.
Occasionally I'll watch Fox News for as long as I can tolerate it, or CNN. I'll watch until I get infuriated, but you got to know what they're talking about and what they're not talking about.
There were a number of referendums in '98 that most of the things I voted for passed. That's very satisfying when you feel that most of the country is in step with your views.
I hate bumper stickers, you can't sum anything up. All you do is paint yourself in some caricaturist corner.
I went to a bunch of marches in New York and Washington, and you know I believe in the cause, but to march with those people takes a lot of compromise on my end.
We should just get somebody from the left and the right and they should all throw bumper stickers at each other and the first one to cover the other one wins.
I'd be curious to find out, but I don't think people in the entertainment industry are proportionally more or less serious politically than anyone in the landscaping industry.
The best thing about me is there are no skeletons.
I remember being a kid and the Vietnam War was huge and looking at Watergate.
Nobody is going to be as bad for free thinking, right-minded individuals than George Bush.
