Actor
I like to challenge myself. I like to learn - so I like to try new things and try to keep growing.
Knowing yourself and expressing it is hip. I think knowing yourself is the real journey, for me anyway.
My advice would be to write what is most personal and specific to your experience or your life. And your voice will emerge and because of its specificity, it will be universal.
Being generous or doing things for others actually makes me feel good so I don't do it because I hope karma will come round and get me and I'll benefit from it.
If someone doesn't believe enough in your product to put money in to it, then you should rethink how good the product is.
I had a mustache when I was 13.
I spend half my time just living my life, and the other half analyzing it.
I'm very goal oriented.
It's a job - someone's gotta kiss Jennifer Aniston. The reality is, Jennifer and I can do our job well because we truly are friends. But when the day's over, she goes home to her boyfriend and I go home to a magazine.
I can't go anywhere without being recognized. I'm.
It's really important to me not to be known as Ross when I'm 60.
Can I tell you how strange it is to look in your rearview mirror and see guys in cars tailing you?
I find America falling in love with a TV show flattering and interesting, but at the same time a little sad.
I like to grow as an actor, and you can do that by playing parts that are unfamiliar to you and uncomfortable.
I was a geek in high school.
I'm fiercely loyal to my friends, and I really cherish my friendships.
If there's something I want, I go for it. I just think about how I'm going to go for it.
The reality is, Jennifer and I can do our job well because we truly are friends. But when the day's over, she goes home to her boyfriend and I go home to a magazine.
There are certain pressures and things that change your life to a degree that, in the cost benefit analysis that constantly goes on, sometimes makes you think, 'Maybe I should just leave.'
There's nothing like a play. It's so immediate and every performance is different. As an actor, you have the most control over what the audience is seeing.
With the success of the last three or so years, when a lot of people start treating you differently, there's a danger that you may start to think of yourself differently. You rely on your friends to say, 'Hey, wake up!'
You're only as good as the sum of your parts, and one person can't be a team.
I've made a good amount of money. I'm very happy that I can now support my theatre company and support friends and family, and I'm ready to maybe go back to school and change careers.
To be perfectly honest, I feel I have a duty to use my celebrity status in a positive way.
I don't think I responded very well to the sudden celebrity, the sudden fame, and the loss of privacy.
As an actor, the training I received was that I walk through the world as an observer of life and of people. My job is to actually be looking out all the time and watching people.
