American,Actor
Not eating meat is a decision, eating meat is an instinct.
Racism isn't born, folks, it's taught. I have a two-year-old son. You know what he hates? Naps! End of list.
My biggest regret in life is that I didn't hit John Denver in the mouth while I has the chance.
Firefighters are some of the most selfless public servants you will ever encounter.
I like Jesus, I mean, I think he was a good guy.
The thing with movies is, because you have so little time, I always feel like there are more things we could've done with the character. If we'd done a sequel to 'The Thomas Crown Affair,' what would that have been like? But for the most part, you try not to think of that, because it's just going to break your heart.
I guess you get pigeon-holed in Hollywood, but I'm ok with that because I've been able to do a lot. I started in the theater, then I went to stand-up comedy, and then when I went into the movies to do comedy and drama and big movies and small movies.
I want you to take away the hope because that's the thing that's killing me.
Stand-up comedy and comedy in general is the ultimate form of free speech, because you get to poke holes in all the pretentious bubbles politicians and pundits and popes and pretenders try to float over our heads.
People saying, 'Life didn't turn out the way I wanted it to.' Welcome to the club. I wanted to be the starting center-fielder for the Boston Red Sox, for chrissakes!
One thing that's great about firefighters: If they don't have the equipment they desperately need, they don't have the help, they don't care. They'll do it on their own.
Firefighters don't go on strike.
I love French stuff. Mmmm, french fries.
My nieces and my nephews think the only thing that I do is 'Ice Age.' That's fine with me because pretty soon they'll grow up enough to realize that I suck or that my time has passed, whichever it might be.
My only worry about tweeting and modern technology is how it has crept into even the darkest corners of the absolute global village we live in.
What firefighters and people in our military and cops do is separate from what the rest of us do; basically these people say, 'I'm going to protect all these strangers.'
Once you have a firefighter in your family, your family and the families from his crew become one big extended family.
I wanted to be a hockey player. Where I grew up, the basketball courts were rarely used. I was terrible in school and actually said, 'I'm going to be a hockey player.'
If you do good work, it tends to stick around. People still come up to me and say, 'The Ref' is my favorite Christmas movie.'
I think it's a shame when you come across young actors and musicians who haven't had the time to learn their craft. It doesn't matter if it's acting or music; you really have to learn how to do it from the bottom up because unless you have a great work ethic... fame is a terrible thing to have.
I love Santa Monica and Venice because I like the beach. I have a lot of friends in that area.
There we were in the middle of a sexual revolution wearing clothes that guaranteed we wouldn't get laid.
No woman can be completely happy at any one moment in time. They're always anticipating the next thing to argue or complain about.
I'm no day at the beach. And if it is a beach, it's Hampton Beach. Ever been there? It's not nice.
Having dealt with a lot of real firefighters, I know there are a lot of guys who, for lack of a better term, become addicted to the grief because it has kept them connected to these guys that they felt responsible for having lost.
When I go to Batman movies, I always think, 'Man, I would like to be a bad guy in a Batman movie.' especially as they got darker when they go to the Christian Bale era.
I think we're going to carry the 'Ice Age's up to 'Ice Age 15,' which means basically they'll be in the present decade.
Technology is changing, so the viewership is getting broken up. My kids watch everything downloaded; they have no idea what the numbers or the names of the channels mean, except 'FX makes the show that I see on my computer.'
I really, really like 'Eastbound & Down.' It's one of the few things that makes me laugh. It's almost too funny to get an award.
The best thing about series TV is that everyone you work with is hand-picked, as compared to working on a film.
In my experience in series TV, if you have a good crew and a great cast, it's going to be a great group - similar to the theater where it's a bunch of people who are really talented and go to work each day and challenge each other, and if you are lucky enough to get a hit then it's five or six or seven years of this kind of work.
There's not going to be a 'Rescue Me' movie. Not a chance.
I studied acting in school and then, of course, couldn't get an acting job.
I went to school with Steven Wright, who was the shyest guy I knew, and one day someone suddenly told me that he was in a club doing standup comedy. I went down to his club and he was great. Another friend of mine, who was pretty much a thief by trade, was hosting the show. So I thought, 'If these guys can do it, then so can I.'
I think daycare is great for people who have to work two jobs. My problem is with people who are dropping kids off at daycare because they want to go out and spend the day golfing or getting their nails done. You know what I mean? That's not why they invented daycare.
Nobody can make more fun of me than I already make of myself.
I write what I think is funny and I write from a sense of popping a balloon or a sense of injustice, whether it's about yourself, or whether it's about something else. It's my worldview; it doesn't mean that everybody has to agree with it.
Some people expect me to be funny all the time, and I'm not necessarily funny all the time.
I really like 'Batman.' Not the TV show, but the dark 'Batman.'
I don't really have a lot of fun playing just straight good guys. It's not my thing. It's like Tom Hanks territory.
My career plan at this point is 'Ice Age 5' through '10,' and even '12,' and 'Spider Man' - you know, basically I'd be Emma Stone's dad for the rest of my career. I really don't have any problem doing that.
Anybody who's done standup will tell you that there's nothing like it. The show starts at 8:00, the curtain goes up and there's nobody else except you and the audience, and you just perform for them for two hours. Nobody yells, 'Cut!' There are no retakes. That is still the most exciting medium for me, and I love it.
Hockey's my favorite sport.
The Social Wishlist on Facebook is a great example of everything right about social media.
I'm not really a Spider-Man fan. I'm more of a Batman guy.
My goal is to leave this planet with the biggest carbon footprint I can possibly leave.
First of all, I have to have trucks because I live most of my time on a horse farm, so I've gotta have trucks. It's in the northeast; I've got to have pickup trucks to move snow, number one. Number two, just if I'm driving, I don't have to have an SUV, but I want a big car.
If you see me doing a new stand-up special, it probably means I've been out of work for a while.
It says on the back of the Nyquil box, 'May cause drowsiness.' It should say, 'Don't make any plans, OK? Kiss your family and friends good-bye.'
I don't believe in the power of words.
I really want to do a western film. It's one of my favorite movie genres of all time.
I remember 9/11; we had 'Comics Come Home' about a month after those events. That night, even the comedians were concerned. Would the audience be ready to laugh? It was a release for everyone.
Temptation's something you have to deal with even if you're not famous. It's harder when you're famous because it's a lot more in your face, and that makes it a little more difficult to walk away from sometimes.
It would be great if firefighters across the country had the guarantee that they would be making enough money to support their family right from the get-go, but that's not the case.
No matter what anybody says, relationships are based on physical attraction. The first time I saw my wife, it was pure animal whatever.
When I'm on stage, that's me. It's blown up, but that's me.
I've always had a thing for Catwoman. Michelle Pfeiffer or Halle Berry in tight leather pants, with the boots - I'm pretty good with either one.
I'm pretty much a chocolate guy. I'm up for any type of chocolate. Any chocolate.
Vacuuming is great. I do the laundry. I love washing machines. I'm the maid in my house.
I don't want a president like me! I suck, okay. I want an elitist, smart guy.
I would have to commit a crime and have cops chase me. That would be the only way to get me to jog five miles.
There's no male Oprah.
Usually when you watch a film, you're just sort of biting your nails about things you could have done differently.
In addition to my cousin, there were 30 or 40 guys I grew up with who became firefighters as well. So, I've been around firefighters all my life.
How many whales do we really need? I figure five. One for each ocean.
When I was a teenager, you couldn't get straight pants. Then in '76, when punk started to hit, it was a revelation that you could find straight pants again.
I always hated the Grateful Dead. Never even bought a Led Zeppelin album.
My cousin Jerry Lucey and five other firefighters died in a warehouse fire in Worcester, Mass. - my hometown - right in the middle of our old neighborhood downtown when a homeless couple started a fire to keep warm and the entire building went up. My cousin died trying to save homeless people who had already left the building.
Most people don't know how underpaid and often ill-equipped urban fire departments are across North America.
If you're over 52 years old and you're on Facebook, do us all a favor and log off now.
Doing the same character over and over, it gets boring.
My dad was very much a John Wayne kind of guy, but he was also a great guy, great sense of humor, a real dedicated dad. I don't think he ever missed a hockey game I was in.
I'm really happy I went to a Catholic school because a lot of the repressive tactics they use make for great senses of humor.
I wasn't the best student. I wasn't stupid, but I wasn't paying a lot of attention.
I'm a huge Kevin Youkilis fan.
Let me tell you something: I love the Yankees. And let me tell you why: because without the Yankees, there is nobody to hate.
My father left Ireland because he did not want to muck horse manure for the rest of his life, and he wanted to come to New York.
I can't text. My fingers are too big.
My father could swear in Gaelic and English, by the way, ladies and gentlemen.
My kids watch everything downloaded; they have no idea what the numbers or the names of the channels mean, except, 'FX makes the show that I see on my computer.' So it's harder to get a show on the air, but at the same time, there are a lot of terrific shows.
I really, really like 'Eastbound & Down.' It's one of the few things that makes me laugh.
Good actors, especially when they know their character, will come in and either tell you in advance that they have an idea, or in the middle of the rehearsal or the scene they'll let it loose and you go, 'Ah that's great.'
There's no way around it - drama is very difficult to shoot. It's very heavy and something that you carry with you for the course of the day.
I spent a long time working in the movies to figure out that kind of acting and also how to write and produce for the screen.
Science fiction was never my thing. I have no interest in it. So I don't think I could successfully pull off being on a project like that without really losing my mind.
I obviously identify with the anti-authority figure. I've pretty much always had problems with authority, ever since I was a kid.
Where I grew up, the basketball courts were rarely used.
I'm still pretty self-centered, greedy and angry.
My charity is in the business of helping firefighters in any way that we can. For instance, after 9/11 we were the second-fastest charity to raise and distribute money to the widows and surviving family members of the 343 firefighters who died that day.
I'm born and raised in the Northeast. My parents are Irish immigrants. So our tendency is to shy away from the big yellow ball that comes up in the sky every once in a while.
I'm not saying being a comedian is brain surgery, but it is definitely - it's like being a carpenter. You learn how to make tables and chairs. You have to have the right tools, and you have to know how to put the thing together, right?
I'm a lapsed Catholic in the best sense of the word.
I didn't raise my kids with the fear of God.
I'm praying for 'Ice Age' 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10. Because I really think we can run those characters into the '60s, and I'm talking the 1960s, you know? The Civil Rights Movement. That's what I'm praying for, because then I wouldn't have to do anything else.
I went to see the 'Spider-Man' movies because my wife is a fan, and so are my kids.
You try to - you want to fly on both sides of the political fence because that's where the - where the comedy is.
I think all priests should be married.
I know gay - gay people who aren't married who are better parents than some, you know, straight people I know who are married.
I don't watch 'American Idol.' I don't watch any of that stuff.
If you want a long-term relationship that doesn't require a lot of work, I say, get a dog. They love you no matter what. But when it comes to humans, there's no secret; you really have to appreciate the person every single day.
I love America.
I basically - I don't like tattoos, unless you're a firefighter who has a tattoo that has to do with that or a military guy. That's - those are people who should have tattoos.
I have a lot of conservative views on a lot of things.
I believe in prescription drugs. I believe in feeling better.
George Carlin was great right up to the end of his life. But Richard Pryor was probably the best, most gifted stand-up comedian who will ever live.
I don't want to see a 'Sopranos' movie. This is just me. I like to think the end is where it was on TV as opposed to becoming a movie.
I fell asleep during 'Year One' twice. And my son, who never falls asleep during a Jack Black movie, also nodded off. That's how bad it was. I was incredibly disappointed.
Anthony Mackie in 'The Hurt Locker' is everything an actor can hope to be. So rock steady in his portrayal that you immediately forget every performance he may have previously given, and focus only on the character in front of you.
Sometimes 'great acting' is just showing off - chewing up scenery and dialogue and other actors - the equivalent of a theatrical sugar rush.
What's politically correct a lot of times is not funny.
Most of the women placed in the fire department here in New York never passed the physical test. And a fat guy or a short guy, or anybody not passing the test in a life-or-death job, leads to friction.
Willem Dafoe and I are actually the same person.
Kids are incredibly expensive. But it pays off later when they are better educated, bigger, and better-looking than you. And find you incessantly boring and uncool.
If you had no enemies, you had no fun.
Wolfhounds helped kill off the wolves in Ireland.
When I was doing standup, I always wanted to get out of the standup world and take it back into the theatrical world, like with 'No Cure For Cancer.'
There are some guys I know for a fact, like Louis C.K., who always talk about how not-great of an actor he is, and he's terrific on his show. But I know Louis would play a fantastic dramatic role in something, too. He just needs somebody to grab him and say, 'Come in here and do this.'
I'd love to do another television series. I really love the writing process, and as an actor I really like how much you get to examine in television.
I'm a pretty boring guy. Compared to Ashton Kutcher, I live a really boring existence.
I've been nominated for Emmys and Golden Globes, but I've never won one and I probably never will.
My brother and I tortured my mother growing up.
I learned a long time ago, if you want to keep your friends in show business, don't get famous. Because as soon as you get famous, a lot of the people you used to know, who didn't, become incredibly bitter and jealous. It's part of the territory.
The first movie I saw where it convinced me I could be an actor was 'Mean Streets,' so whenever I see Robert De Niro and he says, 'Hi, Denis,' it's still a really big deal.
If I'm president, there are going to be government vans that drive around and pick up people who shouldn't be wearing certain clothing. Talk about lack of civil rights - I'm sorry, I'm pulling you right off the street, and we're giving you clothes that you're going to be O.K. in.
I'd love to play in a Red Sox game. It would be so awesome to actually walk out on the field and play, just for one inning. I'd also steal everything I could get my hands on in the clubhouse, which is why they won't let me do it.
If a character dies, you get to do a big, juicy death scene. But the flip side is you're out of the sequel, which is where the real money is.
Every actor thinks he can do comedy, and it's not true.
