American,Actor
I don't need to see the old school to remember it and the teachers there. They changed the way that I've always looked at life and learning.
I think first impressions are important when you pick up a script.
This isn't the most handsome face in the world, and there are a lot of younger guys out there, but I keep hanging in there.
One of the funny things in life to me is a guy who takes himself very seriously.
Am I a good actor? I don't think about it. But I'm working on it.
Rooting for the Cubs is not easy, but the best things in life never are.
I don't like to be talked into anything. I don't want to be cajoled.
My mother and sisters cooked Italian food, and I never heard of half of the dishes you see in these Italian restaurants. I just go in and order spaghetti.
The most credible police shows I've ever seen were 'Barney Miller' on TV and 'The French Connection' movie. They showed the tedious side of police work.
As far as carrying the American banner, you just do what's right for the kids.
Do whatever you're directed to do, and leave the rest of that technical stuff up to the director.
I don't know if I have a technique. I'm just trying to remember the words.
I have a home in Arizona. I go a couple months a year, but basically Chicago is my home.
I know people who go back and check themselves, but it drives me crazy. Everybody wants to look in the mirror and see Cary Grant looking back at them, but that's just not the case.
I learned a long time ago: You're in the entertainment business. You're not in the reality business. One has absolutely nothing to do with the other.
I love England and the historical aspect of it.
I read the script and try not to bring anything personal into it. I make notes, talk to the director and we decide what kinds of shades should be in the character.
I think all actors are supposed to be character actors.
I wanted to do Buddy Faro as a small budget movie. They said no. So I wanted to do it as a series of recurring TV movies, and they said no. So I agreed to do it as a series.
I'd love to do a Western. A real Western like John Ford used to do. There's not too many of them made, so I don't know if I'll ever get to do that. They're awfully hard movies to make.
I've tried writing. Two days later I'd go visit it and say, Jesus Christ, who wrote this crap?
The British have slang words, as we do, but it was fun.
The cast was huge, but I never saw anybody.
There's a whole catalogue of actors that never went to acting school.
This generation of filmmakers is very good. They're seasoned, for some reason.
This is my first experience working in a foreign movie, but the mechanics, I think, are pretty much the same all over; you still have to wait in the trailer.
In the kind of roles I do, you can do them and walk away from it and have a really nice time.
I realize that no one is going to come to me and ask me to be Julius Caesar or a romantic lead, but I think I'm a certain type of guy who looks a certain way, and that's just the reality of things.
I've taken up golf... or golf has taken me up.
When I first started out acting, I didn't have anything to lose. I had another career. If I fell on my face, I could say, 'I'll see ya,' and go back to working.
When I first got into acting, I never had any long-term goals, never had any plan. I just thought it would be a good way to make some extra money.
I'm very lucky. I'm the most fortunate guy that I know.
We know television should educate and inform, and I believe it should entertain.
I have no message or answers to social questions.
I've worked on what I think are good things.
I've been involved in some movies that I really thought were going to take off that didn't. And then I've thought, 'This movie's not going anywhere,' and it worked. The same thing with television shows.
I just think 'Law & Order' is the gold standard. History is going to show that it's probably one of the best series of shows that has been on television.
I really don't think there's such a thing as an ex-policeman.
Most cop movies and TV shows are fantasies.
Car chases usually don't involve major criminals - they're usually guys afraid of getting another traffic ticket.
I even played a part in 'Miami Vice.'
I like being in the '60s.
There's not too many offers that come my way about being in a musical.
This face is nothing to brag about. I don't know what it is that these people see in my face.
It was a great time, and I liked the guys. I liked getting up every morning and being a cop.
My parents, I don't know about 'strict,' but I would say they were fair and judicious, you know?
If you did something, and it wasn't right, you definitely found out about it. And they were pretty smart people, both my parents, so you didn't get too much by them.
I think my high-school acting career lasted a day.
You really have to act on the force, too. You're involved in a hundred things a day, and you have to react in a hundred different ways, depending on what's going on. And you learn that as you go through your career, how you handle certain situations, interrogations, how you carry yourself. There's a kind of acting to it.
Acting is a work in progress for me. I just try to keep my mouth shut and my eyes and ears open, especially with the people I've worked with.
I have - and you gotta believe this - hardly ever met anybody in Hollywood who's not nice. There are some people I don't like, but everybody has been very nice.
I had seen 'Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels' and I thought that was a different kind of film than I'd seen before, with that kind of editing and slick camera movements.
You can't act for the editing. You have to leave that to him. So you just go in and do the scene the way you think is right or whatever you're directed to do, and leave the rest of that technical stuff up to the director.
Everybody wants to look in the mirror and see Cary Grant looking back at them, but that's just not the case.
Maybe it's because I was too much reality, but I'm not interested in seeing too much reality anymore. I'd rather watch a Dean Martin concert and let the world go by.
I've probably played more non-police roles than people realize.
I like working. I like getting up every morning and going somewhere. Where I do it or what form doesn't matter.
I live my life. And the best place to do that is Chicago.
People are always telling me to shut up about Chicago.
I'm a bit of a clotheshorse, and having a tailor-made suit is a big deal.
