American,Actor
I look back with a mix of emotions: sadness for the people who are gone, nostalgia for times that have passed, but immense gratitude for the wonderful opportunities that came my way.
The only honest reaction and true loyalty we get is from our animals. Once they're your friends, you can do no wrong.
I remember how my mom would take me on the subway from Queens to Broadway. We'd go to the offices of casting agents. Many doors were slammed in our faces. I was just a boy, but I remember that well.
I've titled this book 'Eighty Is Not Enough' not just for the obvious play on words, but as a way of expressing the single idea that has governed my entire life, that every moment of life is precious, that every step we take is an adventure, that every day on earth is a gift from God.
From the time I was 8 years old I was on almost every radio show there was.
I appreciate Eight is Enough. It made me recognizable.
I come from New York originally, but Californians have been wonderful about animals. These animals are so nice and so good and so sweet and intelligent. It's a crime not to help them.
I love cats.
I was a child actor in radio, and there's not many of us left.
I was in 27 Broadway plays, and three of them got the Pulitzer Prize.
I've probably had more jobs than any other actor living.
I've seen people that don't treat their animals well and yet their animals are still just as loving to them even though they're not treated that well. It's very hard to find that kind of loyalty and love and affection in human beings.
It was just an accident; I was never going to come out here.
People don't like to feed live mice and rats to their snakes. Now we have a regular meat food that they will eat. Ninety percent of the snakes will eat this food and love it.
To be hungry must be awful.
We donate a lot of food to rescue organizations.
We waited until we perfected the dog food, and then we worked on the cat food. Even though it's not going through the roof the way the dog food is, I think it will catch on eventually.
We're feeding all these zoos. And that's getting bigger and bigger.
You have a laugh line; don't accentuate it. You get a bigger laugh.
We wanted a pet food based on sound scientific principles and truth, not marketing hype.
I like to do TV series. I think they're so comfortable. You're doing the same part every week.
You're working with the same people, and there's a lot of recognition. I like to do series best. I really do.
I wasn't worried about unemployment.
My mother was aggressive - the typical stage mother.
Tom Bradford is a lot like the real me. He's a man who always put his career second to his family. As long as everything was OK at home, he was OK, too.
I got what they called a diabetic stroke. Here's what it is, my left hand and my left leg. You know when your leg falls asleep? It's like that constantly. It's not painful, but it's so annoying. My leg is all tingly and my arm is all tingly.
