Canadian,Actor
I'd like to get back home to Nova Scotia more, but thankfully, with technology you can call and text and FaceTime. But physically being in Toronto or Nova Scotia... there's nothing like it.
I'm going for that Mark Wahlberg look. Strong and confident.
You're always just trying to create opportunities and be ready when those opportunities present themselves. I can't look at anybody and think 'I want to be Damian Lewis' - I'd be setting myself up for failure.
I'm from a very, very rural place. There's really nobody out there, just roads and farms.
I moved away when I was young, when I was about 19. I'd literally come from an area with dirt roads and stuff like that, right to the centre of a city of about five million people. It's been great. I'm based in New York, and every day, it's amazing.
It's all about learning your craft and honing it in and really paying attention to people who are doing it and what their advice is. It's like anything: it takes years and years and years. A lot of it comes down to work ethic.
Luckily, I had that experience on 'Homeland,' to work with these unreal people who are unbelievably talented, great actors.
You have to get the casting right. You have to get the people behind it. Your director might not be the right director for the project. And then, it has to test and those people in that room, wherever they are, have to turn those buttons the right way at the right time.
I can't tell you how good it is to go from 'Homeland' to be lucky enough to find 'The Blacklist' at the right time. It literally came at the very end of pilot season when I thought there was nothing left.
Cable is a great medium. It's something I respond to. I'm not doing sitcoms. People don't find me funny. That's just the way it is.
I grew up playing hockey and baseball, so I wish I had time to get back into it, but living in L.A. and North Carolina, you have to take advantage of the golf.
I grew up in Nova Scotia, so there weren't a whole lot of rules.
I got two older brothers and two younger sisters, and we grew up in the country, and we were a little feral. So as long as the car didn't end up in the rhubarb and you didn't get caught for doing whatever you were doing, you were fine.
I grew up working on farms. You'd do anything for money. You'd pick blueberries in the summertime for weeks; you'd cut down, like, spruce and fir trees for pulp.
I'm so happy with 'The Blacklist.' Give me more people to shoot and throw them off buildings.
You put on the military outfit, and it definitely tightens everything up and makes you stand up straighter.
Charlotte is a very interesting place - I'm Canadian, but I've lived in Toronto, Vancouver, and I've been living here in L.A. for years.
Cardio is boring for me, so running outside helps to keep me going.
There's two sides to the sword. It's like, for as many people that love you, there's all the people out there who hate you.
A lot of people are attracted to the acting profession because they think it's a cheap, easy, free ride. It really isn't.
I don't know - to be honest, I don't really model myself after anybody.
You are always drawing from your personal life and using your imagination to fill in the blanks.
In Canada, the only weapons you have are for hunting.
I worked at this great Toronto bar, Indian Motorcycle. I started off as the grunt. I was the guy who cleaned up the puke and the ashtrays and the garbage. Worked in front from four in the afternoon until four in the morning.
I've been really fortunate to be associated with all these great shows.
For years, I did whatever I could just to pay the bills and gain experience and work with as many different people as I could.
