English,Actor
There's only so much you can do of trying, finding yourself very close to getting a part and then not getting it.
In whatever work environment, whether we admit it or not, there is always a little part of us that has been or will be tempted by a lifestyle for the wrong reasons.
Any son of a dictator, I'm sure, has major issues with their relationship with their father.
I don't think there's ever a point when you turn to yourself and go, 'Yes, I've made a success of this career path.' You never feel like you've done your best work. You always think you could be better.
I have a very easy life, I can wander around.
It's a good feeling to come away from a day's work feeling like you've achieved something. Tired brain is good.
Yes, I want children and I can't wait to have that closeness with someone - to bring someone into the world. But, I really don't know when.
Grief jumps out at you when you're least expecting it.
I'm not going to pre-empt anything regarding how my career's going to go because I'm always prepared for the worst.
I had a really creative teacher at primary school. He used to get us doing things such as singing Spandau Ballet in drag in the choir, and I remember loving it.
It happens very rarely that your ears perk up about a certain project.
I think skilled salesmen have the ability to work out who you are and pick out aspects of your personality. They almost manipulate you, in a way, to make you buy their product.
I stupidly ignored education completely. I found it dull and I preferred to cause chaos and have fun. I regret this massively now.
To a certain extent I suppose all actors are big kids.
People are earning their living as 'celebrities' without actually doing anything.
There is nothing I hate more than meeting someone who has forgotten the art of conversing.
Nobody should expect an actor to have these wonderful ideas and concepts about the world: they pretend to be other people for a living.
I like being in focus, in the moment, changing and adapting and creating and advancing a scene.
One of the exciting and enjoyable aspects of acting is being in the environment with another actor.
I don't see myself as being a heart-throb at all.
The people in Iraq lived essentially good lives. They had brilliant health and education systems. Saddam actually created an incredible infrastructure in a very difficult country, but they were a Mafia family. If you said anything against that regime or that family you would be killed instantly.
You want to know if anyone's going to go see your film. You shouldn't worry about it or get hung up on it. So yea, you kind of monitor it.
You never know what the public is going to respond to or relate to.
When you work with people who are so passionate about their product it's kinda inspiring.
It's funny, I never think I'm doing that well. I've never, ever. I just constantly think, 'This isn't working out.'
I feel very fortunate, always.
