American,Actor
If you are succesfull for 20 years, you can't expect to stay on the same level all through that period. A career has its ups and downs and in-betweens.
I don't sleep very much. I really like to work, though. I feel like a kid in a candy store.
I wish I was a guy who could have pancakes and bacon and cheesy eggs, but I'd curl up and pass out. I gotta start healthy or I'll be off the rails all day.
In my freshman year in high school, I went to the only public high school in Boston with a theatre program.
A lot of kids do look up to us. But there are just as many elderly people to put us down.
I love the rush of being creative. I really think I live for it.
With the Internet, kids today learn things quicker than we do and they have everything there is to see, so you have to do more than just remake some old '70s film.
What's important is self-appreciation.
We're entertainers, while people want us to be gods.
We never really felt a real level of respect. The fame was fantastic, but that wasn't that important to me, because for every million people that loved me I focused on the one that hated me.
Ultimately in the end, it's the director's choice.
There's a real danger in doing a sequel. There are some benefits, but that all hinges on how well you execute. Quite frankly, most sequels don't execute well.
The food in Europe is pretty disappointing. I like fried chicken. But other than that Europe is great.
Look, we are a rock group. But you should see all those things in perspective. People tend to blow up everything into ridiculous proportions. And then the fun is gone real soon.
It's rare that I come across actors who are willing to work as hard on the material as I am.
It's not hard to keep up the image we chose. It's not hard to stay yourselves.
It doesn't matter to me if it has a surprise ending or not. I usually go for the material or the project.
In the end I'm the only one who knows me.
I'm a fan of good horror movies.
I try to ground most of my characters in reality somehow. That's kind of what I bring to the table.
I had to learn how to become a real actor, I had to suffer and be rejected and face that 100 times just like every actor. It wasn't like someone handed it to me.
I go wild on a stage. Some folks have measured us an image. They pretend us to be saints. And that image is much tougher to keep up with. Because that's not who we are.
I didn't have big movie offers, or any big agents wanting to work with me. I had to go grassroots, start at the bottom and go on 150 auditions before someone finally gave me a shot.
For young filmmakers, Saw is a perfect film. It doesn't cost the GNP of almost every country of the world.
I love food shows: Anthony Bourdain, Iron Chef, Chopped, you name it.
A guest star is a whole different responsibility. It's much different than being a regular. You come in and it's a lot of unfamiliar faces and you want to try to fit in as best you can, but also you want to stay there without making waves.
