American,Actor
The more you can create that magic bubble, that suspension of disbelief, for a while, the better.
Instead of telling the world what you're eating for breakfast, you can use social networking to do something that's meaningful.
It's better for people to miss you than to have seen too much of you.
All people are paradoxical. No one is easily reducible, so I like characters who have contradictory impulses or shades of ambiguity. It's fun, and it's fun because it's hard.
The best films of any kind, narrative or documentary, provoke questions.
I don't have anything to prove to anybody, which is a lovely place to be.
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.
Life, like poker has an element of risk. It shouldn't be avoided. It should be faced.
I just like working with smart people.
I tend to have a kind of tunnel vision when I'm looking at an individual piece.
Identical twins are endemically alike in many ways.
A lot of why I do something is just the novelty of the experience.
I like it when the deeper you go with the character, the more you see the layers start to peel away.
People are worried about the degree to which corporate interest is starting to threaten human interest.
You never make all things for all people and can't always pander to the broadest denominator. I keep an eye toward doing the themes that interest me. Do they move me? Interest me? Make me think? When I run across something that is provocative in an unsettling way, it appeals to me.
You always end up getting involved in things because of, you know, the strange things your life brings you into contact with.
People wrestle sometimes making movies, and I think that conflict is a very essential thing. I think a lot of very happy productions have produced a lot of very banal movies.
It's dismaying to see the unilateralism that the government is doing.
I almost forgot what it's like to be proud of my government.
I always felt that acting was an escape, like having the secret key to every door and permission to go into any realm and soak it up. I enjoy that free pass.
Look, you've got a generation of people coming along who are going to form their own new relationship with the idea of supporting the causes that they care about or changing the world. And these people are not going to do it the way our parents do it.
I never think that a film should answer questions for you. I think it should make you ask a lot of questions.
Just because you've made a couple movies, you've done some good movies, you've been nominated for some Academy Awards, whatever, nobody's entitled. It's a business. If they don't see it, I can think they're wrong, but I'm not entitled to a $15 million budget to make a film.
I don't smoke and I don't want to smoke. I am not a fan of gratuitous smoking in films.
Anybody who is running a marathon or doing a walkathon, doing a fundraiser for their school, their company, by far it's guaranteed the easiest and most fun way to quickly set up a fundraising campaign and send it around to your friends and family.
Well, I don't feel that I've played so many bad guys, and I'm rot really drawn to villains per se. I think a lot of people relate to some of my characters' inner struggles.
At this point in my life I'm not bent on proving anything, really.
I've always liked the idea of taking old dramatic ideas and devices and making them feel relevant or contemporary or whatever.
If you've got a piece and you can feel the person who's going to direct it is really made for it, if it's really special for them, then it's going to be a better-than-usual experience.
It's nice when someone knows their lines.
I think a lot of people in their average day actually imagine two sides of a conversation at one point or another. I think that the mental trick of holding two sides of a conversation in your head is actually something that we all do.
I think a lot of people relate to some of my characters' inner struggles.
Young people know how to use these social networking tools, and they know how to use them effectively.
I like music, but I need to get outside more.
Duality is not a story. Duality is just a complexity.
I tend to relate to a character in terms of the arc: what's interesting is where he starts versus where he ends up.
I don't get much out of doing a red carpet.
I remember as a kid having the offer of a scholarship, that it was going to be like going to Mars, and deciding to stay in my public school.
The people who work in the scientific field, they need help to convey what it's about.
I don't flatter myself - I'm not a scientist, I'm not a conservation expert.
I like things that aren't superficially one thing or another.
I'm not particularly precious about the theatrical experience any more.
I just love movies.
You can't control everything that comes to you.
