American,Actor
But I went to the University of Texas in the 30s, and while there I learned to ride. Mostly polo ponies.
Everyone thinks acting is easy. It's far from easy, but it's the most gratifying thing I do.
Having the critics praise you is like having the hangman say you've got a pretty neck.
When you have to shoot, shoot, don't talk.
Yes, I won the Bafta. I thought the British were very intelligent.
When I saw the movie, I said, I wish I had heard the music. I would have ridden the horse differently.
Well, I've maybe gotten 200 requests for interviews about Marilyn, and I just decided I'm gonna do my own.
Well, I was getting a lot of money then, and I wasn't getting any Hollywood films, so I just did those. I'd always do a play in between. Whenever I ran low on funds, I'd always rush off to do a movie somewhere.
Well, I go to the theater today, and its curtain - there is no curtain in this play; the lights go down and go up - and we start. And I live this character for two hours. There are only two of us in the play. And It's a complete experience.
This country has a complex about age. It's unbelievable. If you're over thirty, you've had it in this country.
The trouble with that movie is that you had to see Chinatown the day before you saw The Two Jakes.
The big secret in acting is listening to people.
So I wanted to show what I did with the money. So I got red silk shirts, beautiful hats, wonderful saddles, a great horse, and two gold teeth. So that was the way I did it.
One thing changes every evening: It's the audience, and I'm working my magic. I'm always learning from it.
My wife says that stage acting is like being on a tightrope with no net, and being in the movies, there is a net - because you stop and go over it again. It's very technical and mechanical. On stage you're on your own.
My first Western was called The Magnificent Seven.
John Huston was a superb master. He knew how to make good films. I did three things with him. One is called Independence. It plays in Philadelphia, for free. It's been playing there for 25 years.
I've worked with wonderful actors like Marlon Brando and Henry Fonda.
I've never lost my appetite for acting; it's innovative and challenging.
I've learned that life is very tricky business: Each person needs to find what they want to do in life and not be dissuaded when people question them.
I'd come out of the army after five years as a medic. I was a medical administrator and we ran hospitals, and I was a Captain in the army at the end, in 1945.
I was an original member of the Actors' Studio.
I never lost my appetite for acting.
I never dreamed I would do Westerns.
I met my wife and, for the next ten years, we did no films at all. She did the first movie and then I did several after. My first movie was written by Tennessee Williams and directed by Kazan and was called Baby Doll.
I love to tell stories and this is my way of getting them down on paper.
