American,Actor
I know what wanting and craving adventure feels like, I can really relate to that.
Believe it or not, I got into the charismatic, shady, sly heart of Sedgewick Bell by watching CNN and C-SPAN.
The willingness to keep learning is, I think, the most important thing about trying to be good at anything. You never want to stop learning.
How much cooler was Oz than seeing the little dude behind the curtain?
When I got a lap dance, because I was 17, they had to put a massive pillow between me and the girl when she was grinding me. It was weird, yet pleasurable.
There's something just so kind of smooth about politicians.
I'm not staying away from any genre. I'm trying to get scripts that I like.
I'm a very, very conservative driver.
It was very, very challenging being on this thing called the gimbal. It would throw you around, give you whiplash, and they'd tie you down.
I've realized that what you think of when you make a 'big movie,' if it's actually a green screen movie, it's like doing independent New York theater because you don't have any backgrounds or props. So it's kind of like making the lowest budgeted film you could possibly imagine, plus $100 million.
Well, when I was a kid and I watched 'Speed Racer,' I used to always watch it in the morning with my cereal. And when I ate the cereal, I would pour soda into the cereal because we never really had milk for some reason, I don't know.
I was so grateful to have made 'Into the Wild' before I made 'Speed Racer' because on 'Speed Racer' I was indoors every single day, every single scene, on a green screen. Some of the time, just to pass the time, I would think back to climbing mountains in Alaska. That really helped me.
Especially these days where everything is so polite and so proper, I think that rites of passage are good.
If you give an actor any wiggle room to whine in situations where they want to whine, you're gonna whine.
Maybe you will be afraid and maybe you will fail, but the courage to take risks in any part of your life is, I feel, a very worthwhile way to live.
I had the misfortune of getting what skateboarders call hippers. It's when you fall on your hip again and again and again, just the same spot. It turns into like a blue purple bruise and it's just torture because I had to keep on doing the same move, going around in the pool again.
I've definitely had ideas and plans that sometimes exceed my means and capabilities.
I identify with someone wanting something to work out, but not being able to get through the rocks to the river.
I don't really like the slogan 'It boy.'
I'm not a ball in a pinball machine. I know what I want.
Artistic ambition is important. And it seems it would be a great time to do some theatre, like a new extreme.
In Dogtown, skateboards are like bikes to the Chinese.
I think I've always been half out of my shell and half in. Sometimes I can be extremely wild and sometimes I can be extremely shy. It just depends on the day.
There's something about the good-hearted guy fighting the system. I just love that. That's how 'Speed' is. He's a really focused guy with a heart of gold and the corporations are trying to crush him and use him for his skills to make them more money.
I remember when I saw 'The Matrix' when I was 13, I saw it in the theaters, and I was so blown away by it. It was one of the most memorable experiences I definitely ever had in the theater.
A lot of the stuff in 'Speed Racer' has never been done before, from it having a multi-tone, to it having a retro-cool family movie, to having the photo-realism with the CG-backgrounds and infinite focus the way they worked with these digital cameras, to even the color experimentation.
