Scottish,Actor
I got married because I fell in love with this woman. I had a baby with her because we wanted to have children. But that's not because of some philosophical ideal at all, no.
Producing good stuff can be quite tough, and it involves a lot of frustration, but I always like things to be jolly and happy, and I forget that's actually not the point at the end of the day.
I was born in '71, so I remember bits of glam rock on 'Top of the Pops' toward the late '70s, but I had no idea what kind of world it was. I didn't like the music, either.
My feeling about seeing the world is that it's going to change you necessarily, just the very fact of being out there and meeting people from different cultures and different ways of life.
Giving kids whatever they ask for is disastrous parenting. There's no sense of something earned. I'm sorry, but when you're 12, you don't need a new cell phone every few months just because a new one comes out.
Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life.
I'm just looking for that moment to drop my Jedi knickers and pull out my real light saber.
A lot of parents tell their children that if they want to be an actor, that's fine, but they should do something else first, so they've got something to fall back on. It doesn't work like that, as far as I'm concerned.
I trained in the theatre and I love the theatre. I get such a thrill seeing anything in the theatre.
I think rehearsal can be important if it's done in a way that works. Often, rehearsal can be a waste of time.
When you take away the phone and e-mail and you don't have a million things to run around to, it allows your mind the space to think more expansively about the things that matter.
The thing about parenting rules is there aren't any. That's what makes it so difficult.
I really want to play Princess Leia. Stick some big pastries on my head. Now that would be interesting.
As a child I was taken to the pantomime or the theatre and I would always, always fall in love with somebody on the stage. And want to have sex with them.
At school there was no acting to be had other than school plays which I did now and again.
Conservative's the last thing I am.
From there I did a one year theatre acting course in Fife, and then three years of drama school in London.
I certainly have no plans to leave London. It's a great town.
I left halfway through my third year to start Lipstick On Your Collar, which was the first thing I ever did.
I like to dance, but it's not my weekend activity. I'm not a clubber.
I never imagined it wouldn't work out for me. I had that absolute certainty in myself that has seen me through, I think, and my parents were absolutely behind me all the way.
I played music all through school and I kind of performed that way.
I remember in Shallow Grave I remember a few times when we'd only have to do one take. But when you did have to do more than one, you'd build on the one you'd done.
I was nine years old when I made up my mind that that was what I definitely wanted to do.
I'm fiercely proud to be Scottish.
I'm just into making quality stuff if I can, with interesting people and good scripts. But it's very important that it's about something and that it says something. Otherwise, I don't know what the point is, really.
I found my partner, my life partner, and I really am in love with my wife, and we have a lovely time, and we share a long history together and children together, and that's it.
I don't pay much attention to career or what other people think. I've always been quite arrogant.
I don't do things lightly; I don't take a job then just phone it in - I've never done that.
The film I like the best is always the one I'm working on now or next.
Drama school can't make you a brilliant actor, but you can do stuff for three years - you're not going to be fired. You should just go for it all, even the stuff you think is codswallop.
I'm lucky enough that financially I don't have to feel obliged to go for the bigger stuff. I like the stories and scripts to dictate if I want to do them.
Sometimes I feel like doing smaller budget stuff. When I did 'Young Adam', for instance, I'd come out of 'Black Hawk Down' and 'The Island', and I really wanted to be on a small film set. I wanted to be on something intimate and small again, and then 'Young Adam' cropped up in a pile of scripts I was sent.
I think it's quite tricky for actors to release albums. It's difficult, because I'm an actor, you know, I'm not a musician. I love singing, but I don't have a big repertoire of songs that I've written; I mean, I've got a few, but nothing that I could fill an album with, and I don't want to do it just for the sake of it.
I've always been really uninterested in politicians and the acts of the Houses of Parliament, or government as an idea. But I'm interested in politics in that I'm a member of the world, and I have strong feelings of right and wrong, but I can't get into the ins and outs of it.
I find politicians so desperately boring. I don't trust them and don't believe in them.
It's just fantastic to go out and meet people in the world and get to really remote places.
I worked as a waiter when I was 15 and got a chance to appreciate good, simple food. There's nothing better than a boiled egg with toast.
I love skiing, scuba diving and hang-gliding.
I especially love my Moto Guzzi.
Everything you do on set is directly related to your imagination when you read the script for the first time.
I'm in a position where I can do many things most people just daydream about.
If you want to produce really horrible, obnoxious kids, say yes to them all the time.
When I was a kid I was much happier watching old movies than kids' TV, and I ended up watching all the old Ealing comedies.
