American,Actor
I do spend a lot of weekends on the road. I have to pace myself. It can be pretty busy, but I'm not out in the Afghan desert with 70 pounds on my back, away from my family for a year at a time. I keep a good perspective on it.
Yeah, I volunteered to support the troops, and get out there and show them that we care about them.
The University of Southern California has a wonderful social work department, and I was thrilled to find out that they have a whole veterans' initiative program there. They approached me, and I set up a scholarship that would go to a military-oriented person to learn techniques and skills to better help veterans.
You've got to keep taking certain risks, because my priority is in acting, it's not in movie stardom.
You learn from things that don't go well, and you try to capitalize when they do. You build on those strengths and try to make your weaknesses stronger.
Careers, like rockets, don't always take off on time. The trick is to always keep the engine running.
It's always been my dream to do a dance scene with Anthony Hopkins.
I was always fascinated with rock 'n' roll, or girls, or something like that when I was a kid.
But I've got more to learn, too. I don't feel like I'm done or I know it all.
Well, I've been to Iraq twice now. I was in Baghdad in June and then north of Baghdad in November.
I save money when I'm working so that I never have to take a role simply to pay the bills.
Sometimes you're in great demand. Then suddenly your career hits the breaks.
I'm not like one of those actors who's a frustrated director.
I've directed enough in the theatre and a couple of films to know that - to feel fairly secure that if I find a story that I really like I can probably get it done somewhat.
I've worked with a lot of really fine actors, both on stage and on screen. The level of their game lifts me up and brings the level of my game up to theirs. Always. It's like a constant upgrade.
I started a theater called Steppenwolf. We've been very supportive of the veterans there.
Wherever I go for the military, they always call me Lt. Dan. They just can't help it.
I study to learn, to be an educated person.
There's always the ongoing actor frustration of finding the great role to do next. I don't go to work a lot. I wait as long as I can until the money runs out or a great part comes along.
I have veterans in my family. But I didn't know anything about DAV, Disabled American Veterans.
My mission is to support our service members. They're volunteers, and if they're going to go to a hostile place like Afghanistan, I think we owe it to them to back them up and try to help them get through it.
I have a band that I started with a buddy of mine, a Vietnam veteran pal named Kimo Williams from Chicago.
I've never had to compromise myself for a job, ever.
The wonderful drama teacher at my high school, Barbara Patterson, saw me standing in the hall and told me I should audition for 'West Side Story.' I guess she thought I looked like a gang member.
Before discovering theater, I was sloughing off and didn't have any passion for school. Then I couldn't get enough. All of a sudden, I was getting good parts in all of these plays. I just loved it. I started getting A's in acting, directing and technical theater. I found something that clicked.
I think you're lucky if you discover what you really love at a young age. College wasn't something I was going to do. I wanted to keep acting, and I didn't want to go to New York or California and pound the pavement.
