American,Actor
We give each other a hard time, but no pranks.
Any time you put a cast like this in compromising circumstances or shake it up a little bit, I think we're all pretty close so we draw on real emotion.
Most of my stuff before CSI was kind of the jerk boyfriend, so I thought this was one of those deals, where these two have a thing going on, so we had a scene where they make out.
One lady wrote me and told me how she wants to see me get beat up and near death and that kind of stuff.
I think what's always been interesting to me than the science and the criminality with this job is what happens to your persona, your disposition, after day in and day out dealing with life and death.
I think my character's getting to the point where he can't even eat spaghetti with red sauce anymore, where he has horrible nightmares, he can't sleep anymore.
I love what I do and I love the fans.
I work so hard for the fans who watch our show.
No, there are some location shoots in Vegas, maybe four trips a year. It's shot in Santa Clarita, CA.
I'm interested to go other places, I've been the boy in the bubble since we've been shooting, I need to go travel a little bit, see where the action is, other than going to see family, of course.
The show has boundaries right now we're trying to widen them not break them.
I've been trying to pick up painting but it's hard.
It looks easy, like surfing, but surfing is hard too.
I have a Lab, it's fun to hang out and hike with the dog, people come up to him, and pet him, it's fun.
There are a lot of times that if a detail in a scene or a beat, feels unnatural, they'll allow me to explore another direction to go until we're all comfortable with what we are doing.
I think I'm a fan of people who were brave, my aunt, my grandmother, those are my heroes.
To be honest with you, I get a little fed up with actors who act crazy to make themselves more interesting.
I've seen a dead body, I've seen some pretty gruesome fist fights, I've been a hunter since I was a child, though I don't anymore, I've gutted wild game.
I think I'll give it up, the fantasy is over, I wanted to play Spiderman, Peter Parker.
Another challenge? Getting up at 6:30 in the morning to go act. It's not fun acting that early in the morning or acting at 4 A.M in the middle of the night or in the morning when you're really tired. That's a challenge. What a luxurious problem to have.
I think people would be suprised at how much we curse when we screw up. I'm like somebody with Tourette's Syndrome.
Over the years, I've gotten a little bit thick-skinned when it comes to the acting thing.
I think we take for granted police officers and detectives that walk into some pretty heinous situations, and they really have to be very brave. So I love playing a character that's very brave - someone that kind of dives in the fire to figure out what's happened.
