English,Actor
The thrill of coming home has never changed.
Success comes in waves.
I think when people are repressing things, or burying things, that can manifest in all sorts of ways.
I'm constantly trying to be as original as I can.
If I'm exhausted, physically and particularly emotionally, I can't tell what's good and I can't tell what's bad and I'm useless.
I grew up doing musicals. I've done so many musicals in my life, I kind of got them out of my system. But, I certainly would be open to them. Rocky Horror Show is a big favorite of mine.
I went through a period where I just wanted to punch everybody. Since then, I've had a lot of therapy and I've figured a lot of things out.
Funny enough, if you are looking at people these days who are putting Botox in their face and getting all sorts of plastic surgery, we look at them and go, I can tell you've had Botox. I can tell you've had plastic surgery. You look really strange to me. But no one's saying anything. We're just accepting the fact that they're strange-looking.
The movie industry is very competitive, and if you're like me and you suffer from your own insecurities about whether or not you're any good, that can be troubling.
I'm interested in the psychological exploration of human nature, and it just happens to come in the form of film-making.
When I go to a movie, I'm always thrilled if I've seen an actor do something and I didn't realize until the end of the movie that that was that person. I love that.
I'll have a different answer tomorrow that I do today.
Doing that hunt scene was really quite demanding. I actually broke a rib during that scene. And then all the scenes after that became quite challenging, just breathing and laughing.
I always look at films as real stories with real people in real situations. That's why I struggle with the whole notion of calling someone the 'good guy' or the 'bad guy', because I think we all have potential to do good things and all have the potential to do bad things.
A lot of people are going to hate me for saying this, but one of my least favorite kinds of music, or the kind of music that I feel I've so got out of my system, is musicals music.
The majority of people who join law enforcement are doing it for good, moral reasons, but then there are the few who get through, where you go, 'Whoa, hold on a second. What's this guy doing here?'
I feel I do my best work when it's all there on the page, and I feel that the character is very vivid as I read the script and I'm not having to create stuff and trying to cobble together something. If I have to do that, then I don't entirely trust what I'm doing.
I don't feel I'm making a conscious effort to go more commercial.
You work on things and you have such faith in them while you're making them that everything feels special - in a way.
A movie that gets a PG-13 rating can show someone running down a street killing 27 people. And there are no repercussions.
I've been asked to do action-oriented movies in the past and they just haven't been right for me.
Where do you even draw the line between genres?
Men often still expect women to be under their thumb.
I always think the really unfortunate thing about the Australian film industry is its lack of momentum. And I don't mean this in a derogatory way. I'm always wanting it to pick up momentum, and I'm wondering if that's even possible.
I am geared towards communicating on a female level.
I grew up with such an affinity to cats. I adore the way that they think and operate.
I've always been resistant to parties and schmoozing.
My problem is I'm an addictive personality. I can't have one coffee. I can't eat one piece of chocolate.
I never really enjoyed the fame stuff.
Working on films where the money's more important than the creativity, I just get a bit freaked out by that. I just don't feel comfortable.
