American,Actor
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
Your mind knows only some things. Your inner voice, your instinct, knows everything. If you listen to what you know instinctively, it will always lead you down the right path.
You see, I don't know how to ride a motorcycle, actually.
Producing is the hardest of the three because there is almost no closure. Every time you solve a problem, another one pops up. Directing is second, and acting is the most fun.
Right now I belong to the wonderful organization called The Children's Action Network. The first thing we did was immunize 200,000 children across the country against childhood diseases.
Wes Craven is a wonderful friend, and we had a really good time together.
Not every child learns the same way. I could not learn through my eyes. Reading was impossible. Math, to compute it in my mind, was impossible. I learned everything through listening.
How we learn has nothing to do with how brilliant we are.
It is the parent's job to see how their child learns and to make sure that the children's self confidence is buoyed at all times, or they will plummet like a stone.
You cannot represent cool. You've got to be cool. You've got to be authentic. I think, after all these years, that is how I define cool. It is being authentic. That is powerful.
A human being's first responsibility is to shake hands with himself.
Adam Sandler is truly brilliant. He plays these goofy characters, but he is a brilliant fellow.
I do most of my work with kids. They are the very foundation of our future. We are so incredibly disrespectful to them in America in every way because they can't vote.
I rode it once, which was up the driveway in the opening credits of the show. I didn't know how to stop it. I actually nearly killed the director of photography, and I smashed into the sound truck.
If you make compelling television, they will come.
In school, I was an underachiever.
Producing came about because I never wanted to be in one of those books, Where Are They Now?
That problem has been going on since men and women and their children moved from the plains and into caves. How many times have you heard Howard Cunningham talking to Marian about shopping? Too many.
To me acting is like a jigsaw puzzle. The jigsaw puzzle is of the sky and all the pieces are blue. Out of this you have to create a human being and put it together.
When Richie Cunningham drank too many beers, his parents sat him down and explained their concerns. If you live on this earth, you find out that we are all the same.
When you love what you do, then you're talking to one of the luckiest guys on the face of the earth.
Being down in Orlando, Florida, where we filmed the movie, I learned how to bass fish. Jerry Reed, who plays the villain in the movie, taught me how to bass fish.
When I'm on a set, and I'm in between a scene or on a plane waiting, I read Twitter and I love it.
When I was growing up, I was told I was stupid and that I would never achieve. I suffered from dyslexia, and in those days it wasn't recognised.
It was surreal to think the Queen of England not only knew who I was but thought enough of what I do to give me an award.
