Nigerian,Actor
Initially I probably didn't even call it acting, but dressing up or something. As a kid I think you fully imagine the world in which you want to inhabit, so you put some clothes on and just kind of freely imagine this world, and it's a total imaginary world.
I didn't get my licence because I wasn't allowed to. But I haven't had a seizure for a long time so I could, theoretically, get my licence. But I'm now just so used to not driving, I'm scared of what I'd do.
I think I'm much less self confident today. I actually went through a quite painful period because of that thinking that I was completely hopeless. But I think that's something that we all go through at various times of our lives and it was quite a sustained thing with me.
Being in the woods at night is a beautiful thing.
I used to have two double espressos a day. I gave that up, had headaches for five days but now I'm feeling great.
It's kind of chased away a few demons for me and, um, it's educated me a little bit more.
I guess I judge my films by how pleased I am with the work I do, so it's kind of on another level. If they do well at the box office, then that's great. Then I'm really pleased about that too.
We're all outsiders in a way. We're all alone and can become very lonely.
I don't think I'll ever escape the fact that I don't belong anywhere in particular. I've often dreamed about going back to Nigeria, but that's a very romantic notion. It's a hideous country to go to in reality.
I generally find an affinity with a lot of the people I play and I suppose if I didn't feel an affinity for them then they wouldn't be particularly good performances.
I keep thinking I should get a phone, because everyone's got one and it becomes increasingly difficult to exist in a society where everyone else has moved ahead and you haven't.
I do feel like I'm not entirely an insider.
I'm 'of the world'.
Across the board, Australian films need to have a lot more money spent on selling them.
I kind of like the challenge of jumping into totally different spaces and styles and figuring out how to fit in.
It's great to blow the image that people have of me out of the water.
People are more likely to pass me on the street without recognizing me, and that's good.
The great thing about stage is that you have a live audience.
As an actor, to do all sorts of different films is great.
Both my parents are English and I was born in West Africa, and I moved around as a kid, lived in Bristol, lived in Buckinghamshire and Surrey as a kid, and then moved when I was 16.
I still, by and large, make low-budget Australian films.
If a film isn't really talking about who we are and what our psychologies are, then we're probably not that interested in it, actually.
I think any role you need to play not so much transforms but I like to think of it as understanding the psychology of another character.
I'm so used to Australian films not getting a release outside Australia.
As an actor, to play someone who's at war with himself, that's so interesting.
As human beings, of course, we're all compromised and complex and contradictory and if a screenplay can express those contradictions within a character and if there's room for me to express them, that's a part I'd love to play, so much more than a character who is heroic and one-dimensional.
