American,Actor
Once I found out that I was playing 'Deathlok,' I unearthed my old comic book collection. I was going home for Christmas, and I have a collection of thousands of comics. I was surprised to see that 90% of them were Marvel. So, I wanted to go through my collection and start there.
Panama's a really wonderful country. There's obviously the Panama Canal, which brings a lot of tourism, and a huge American influence; it's just a mix of so many great things: African, Caribbean, Latin American Spanish, all kinds of influences there.
Anyone who's trying to be there for their family and trying to take care of their children is a hero to me.
I changed my name at 14 because no one outside of my family could pronounce my first name correctly.
I absolutely love working with David Boreanaz, and Charisma Carpenter I completely adore - she teaches me to dance.
What I love about the sci-fi community is that it's the most nonjudgmental, inclusive, diverse environment in the country. There's no group of people that is more diverse and inclusive.
I definitely was a big comic collector as a kid.
When we wrapped 'Angel,' I definitely had a moment where I thought, 'Wow, that was the best job I'm ever gonna have.'
When you're doing superhero stunts, the objective is to look as cool as humanly possible.
In the 'Angel' days, all there was was a community that was like a chat room. If you were looking for feedback, you had to look for it.
To steal a term from one of my Twitter followers, 'Deathlok' is the 'anti-villain.' He's on the side of the bad guys, but he obviously doesn't want to be there.
I went right to the 'Guide to the Marvel Universe,' which has every Marvel character from A-Z, and fortunately, I had every issue. I found 'Deathlok,' read about him there.
I really love fan art, which I get sent a lot of. I really, really get a lot of. I get a kick out of it.
I was in fittings for the first costume even before I knew I was even going to be 'Deathlok.'
Everything with Marvel is on a need-to-know basis, so I didn't officially know until the second episode I did, which I think was the 10th episode in the season. Information is carefully guarded over there. I definitely didn't know that I was 'Deathlok.'
Even when I'm playing a lawyer or a doctor, I want to play a person. A human being.
Whenever I get an audition to do something that is sci-fi-related, it makes me really happy because I realize that I can continue doing the work that I'm doing and continue meeting people all over the world. It does baffle my management team sometimes, though!
I love roles that don't really have a template or a paradigm and force me to create using my own imagination... that really, really turns me on.
I believe that I'm an actor to this day because of 'Star Wars.' I saw 'Star Wars' as a child, and I was completely enamored by it.
I thought, 'Oh, this is great,' because maybe someone who does look like me will watch 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' and realize that they can be an actor if they want to be, or they can be a superhero. They can have a hero that looks like them as well.
The cool thing for me is, I go to a lot of conventions - a lot of science fiction conventions like Comic-Con - and there are always a lot of attendants of color. And I think some people believe that black people or people of color are not into science fiction or hero shows or genre shows.
Oddly enough, I've always really loved Nightcrawler. You know who else they didn't use enough was Phoenix. I just thought her story line was so tragic. I was just really drawn to that character as well.
As a boy, my favorite show was 'Superman' and my favorite movie was 'Star Wars' - along with other science fiction shows and movies. And I always wanted to fly.
I always say that I'm at my best when there's no example of what the character is supposed to be. I thrive when there's not much and I have to create it.
I've always been able to sense the relationship between two people based on how one person says the other's name!
I feel like my life experience is that of an outsider. Let me explain: my parents are from Panama, and they moved to the United States the year after I was born. They moved into an all-white neighborhood, where the previous black family had a cross burned on their lawn.
