Chinese,Actor
Coffee is a language in itself.
Anyone can be a Superman, but nobody can be Jackie Chan.
The ads all call me fearless, but that's just publicity. Anyone who thinks I'm not scared out of my mind whenever I do one of my stunts is crazier than I am.
I never wanted to be the next Bruce Lee. I just wanted to be the first Jackie Chan.
Do not let circumstances control you. You change your circumstances.
Don't try to be like Jackie. There is only one Jackie. Study computers instead.
My dream is to continue filming until my body tells me to stop.
If you're too free, you're like the way Hong Kong is now. It's very chaotic.
Sometimes I do need to go to karaoke, sometimes I need to relax.
I want to play a fireman and a spy. I want to learn special effects.
A lot of people ask me when I do a stunt, 'Jackie, are you scared?' Of course I'm scared. I'm not Superman.
We learn martial arts as helping weakness. You never fight for people to get hurt. You're always helping people.
I hate violence, yes I do. It's kind of a dilemma, huh?.
Before I do a stunt, I have to make sure it is safe.
I do small things. I try to do good things every day.
The life of an action star is very short. I want to be an actor like Robert De Niro, like Dustin Hoffman or Clint Eastwood who in their 70s or 80s can still act.
I will make action movies, I think, for a few more years, another five years.
I know I have a responsibility to the fans.
More understand China, then more people will have interest in China and more people will come to China to visit us because I am a tourist ambassador.
I only want my work to make people happy.
If everyone does some good, think of what a good world this will be.
I'm crazy, but I'm not stupid.
Cinema reflects culture and there is no harm in adapting technology, but not at the cost of losing your originality.
Why did I become Jackie Chan? Mostly because I work very hard. When people were sleeping, I was still training.
Sometimes, I'm very embarrassed.
Olympics for me is love, peace, united.
Being a stunt coordinator, I have to take care not only of myself but I have to make sure everyone is safe.
I've choreographed all of my movies.
I like to change characters and then, slowly I believe the audience treat me as, like an actor who can fight. It's not like an action star.
I think the family movie is very important to everybody right now.
I really like children to watch my movies.
I give the children education.
In every movie I do have a dialogue.
I sometimes just don't like to see the Ultimate Fighting. I just find it, as a martial artist, I just find it too violent.
Every time I make American film I just trust American directors and American writers.
Jackie Chan is a myth.
I love wushu a lot and I would love to see it included in future Olympic Games.
The kids never listen to you, especially the youngest ones.
Money for me today does not really matter.
I've got a very interesting background.
I feel that there are a few things in the world without cultural barriers.
I'm not sure if it's good to have freedom or not. I'm really confused now.
I'm gradually beginning to feel that we Chinese need to be controlled. If we're not being controlled, we'll just do what we want.
If there really is a god, then he really looks after me.
I'm afraid to fail again.
The movie business is a big gamble.
I make American films for American audiences and Asian films for Asian audiences.
When I'm in meetings until 5am and then have to get up two hours later for filming, sometimes I ask myself 'why?'
I feel like I have lived all over the world since I get to go everywhere to film.
I love to clean.
I like to give back.
I have a metal plate in my head, and can pop my shoulder and pop it back.
You cannot mix sports with politics.
Every country when they have Olympics, a lot of people come out opposed.
I know I have to run 20 more minutes if I eat ice cream. Basically, I eat everything, but I just do more training.
I play a nobody in Japan.
I've seen too many ups and downs in the movie industry.
My schedule goes: wake up, running, exercise, downstairs, running shoes off, then to the shower. That's the Jackie Chan diary.
I went by myself to Hollywood, I spoke no English, every day I had to go to school.
When I was young I didn't care about education, just money and box office.
I'm not a god - I do bad things.
I really hope someday in Hollywood, some producer or director will hire me only to do drama.
When I make a film - I direct my own film, I write my own script - that's what I want to hear from the audience. 'Oh, thank you, Jackie!'
Besides entertainment and action, I want to educate. You know, as a producer or director, we do have a responsibility to society.
I want to be in 'Avatar'. I want somebody to hire me to be Superman, a Chinese Superman or Spider-Man.
I don't want to be an action star; action star's life is so short. I want my life to get longer. I want my career to get longer.
My wish is to bring my heroes to the big screen, and many of them have already appeared in my films.
Most of the time, I'm not even working; I'm just helping people, because I feel that I am too lucky.
Now I am older, I understand we have to accept who we are.
I loved cowboy movies when I was a kid. When I was five years old, I was already wearing a cowboy hat and suit. When I grew up, I knew John Wayne, Clint Eastwood, Kirk Douglas and so on.
It is totally different making films in the East than in the West. In the East, I make my own Jackie Chan films, and it's like my family. Sometimes I pick up the camera because I choreograph all the fighting scenes, even when I'm not fighting. I don't have my own chair. I just sit on the set with everybody.
I want to try something different in Hollywood, to tell the audience I am not just an actor star - I am an actor, too.
Chinese people need to be controlled; otherwise, they will do whatever they want.
When I was a child, I was very poor and wanted everything. So when I got money, I began buying things.
When I give somebody something and see their face, it just makes me so happy.
As a father, I always want my son to be perfect. When he was young, I tried to train him in martial arts, but he said, 'I don't want to become like Bruce Lee's son, with everybody telling me how good my father was.' I just think my son is too lazy.
I just make good movies. That's the way I thank my fans.
