Filipino,Actor
I like to think I'm a pretty good friend. I love having a good time, and I enjoy being able to share those good times with others.
No one knows who Peter Parker is. People just know who Spider-Man is. When you get that in the mix of growing up and finding yourself, that's more of a relatable tone than being Captain America and having the country's weight on your shoulders.
People refer to me as part of the MCU, as opposed to just being this actor. Honestly, it's an honor.
I actually remember the exact date I got the call that I got the 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' role - May 6, 2016. It was probably the best day of my life.
I think the sidekick makes the number one look good.
There's nothing wrong with being yourself.
I studied in a Catholic school in Oahu, and I went to a film school in New York.
I'm just trying to do big things with my career all the time.
I've met Michael Keaton, John Favreau, Marisa Tomei - they're all really amazing people and really, really professional. I've learned so much from just watching them operate on set.
I think in any profession, in general, you always imagine yourself at the top of it. And I'm not trying to say I'm at the top of my profession, but I've seen what the top people do and what the top people live like. And that's definitely something I want to be a part of.
When I was young, we had these parties, and they'd make me sing in front of the family all the time.
All the women in my family are very dramatic by themselves. They make the biggest things out of nothing. I think that's where I learned a lot about being emotional.
At first, I didn't really have a passion for acting.
Music was sort of my thing at first.
God has definitely been good to me.
I just want the fans to be happy, and if they're happy, I'm happy. And yes, most definitely, I am definitely a fan.
The coolest person to yourself is yourself, and we're like nerds, and we love to be smart, and that's okay.
I dropped out of college in Hawaii just because I thought school was for losers. But school's really important.
Going to film school just made me love it. Before film school, I didn't really think much of acting. I was more into making music, but going to school and learning about it every day, it made me grow profound respect for the art.
Diversity in the industry is very lacking, and equal opportunity comes very far and few between for people of color.
I didn't really enjoy school in general.
I love being the sidekick. I'm pretty sure fans love seeing me that way.
I was really into the first 'Spider-Man' films with Tobey Maguire, so it's pretty cool how it all came full circle.
Growing up, I wanted to be a musician. My mother, in typical Filipino-mom fashion, would always make me go up in front of people at parties to sing. Back then, as a kid, I was mortified. In retrospect, I see that doing that as a child helped me get over my fear of being in front of people.
New York is such a diverse place in and of itself, it would be ridiculous to see it otherwise.
I was blown away watching Michael Keaton act because he was such a maniacal, evil person on set. He takes on a totally different life, and it was so amazing to watch him work.
