American,Actor
Crazy people don't sit around wondering if they're nuts.
I have a mentor. I have... guides. I have a lot of guides. Not a lot, but people whose opinions I really respect and who I will turn to.
I've learned over the years that freedom is just the other side of discipline.
Don't listen to what anybody says except the people who encourage you. If it's what you want to do and it's within yourself, then keep going and try to do it for the rest of your life.
I think that we all have within us the potential for almost anything. If we play close attention to our lives, then we can get at it somehow.
When you have a lot of opportunities, which I am blessed to have had in terms of my work, you get into the habit of not paying attention to certain specifics. And as we get busy, anything we do is the same thing.
I am inherently a little brother - that's just my nature. It has to do with my sister being very strong and wanting to protect me. It's the natural order of things.
In work, never have any regrets and always leave everything on the field.
Romance is important, but to have a friend you can use as a mirror, who can give you an objective response, that's what's really important.
I don't think my approach to acting is all necessarily in service of the character. I think, selfishly, I've put it in service of myself, my perspective on the world and helping my life.
Ask yourself why a red carpet is red. It could be any colour.
Every journey starts with fear.
Do I take care of my body and take conditioning seriously? Yes.
We were talking about the kissing in the movie just recently. Clearly, it's pretty challenging material, but Ang said two men herding sheep was far more sexual than two men having sex on screen.
I think it's important for every man to find the right woman and every woman to find the right man.
I grew up in a family where many of our close friends were gay couples. As well as that, every man goes through a period of thinking they're attracted to another guy.
It bothers me when people say, 'Oh, you're so down to earth - for an actor.' Even when they don't say 'for an actor,' I feel like that's the implication. Why are the standards so low for performers?
Every man goes through a period of thinking they're attracted to another guy.
I'm going to continue doing what I want to do. And if it means I want to go and make a big movie, if it has something to say, I will want to make it. I don't want to spend my life wasting my time. If it's a big movie, I want to do it. If it's a small movie, I want to do it.
I'm like, 'What world am I living in?' Aren't movies made to have something to say? Why make a movie if you don't have something to say? What are you doing it for? Are you doing it because you want to make a lot of money?
If you're going to spend seven months of your life - for me seven months, for Roland Emmerich, 3, 4, 5 years of his life - doing something, I think you have to have something to say.
It's funny to me that people find other people getting coffee really interesting, or walking their dog in the dog park.
The best thing that I got was rehearsing with my father. It was always about the process of figuring things out, and trying something new, and having another take on something and keeping it alive.
Chris Cooper once told me to never have any regrets. After Chris said that to me, I walk into every scene thinking, 'exhaust every possibility.' Once you get to a certain place, it's like you just deliver everything you've got. Don't have any regrets. It pops up in my mind over and over and over again.
Even as an actor, I think like a storyteller. My parents raised us to look at the script.
My mum raised us on classic movies and a lot of musical theatre.
I can't make a movie unless I believe in the themes behind it. I mean, that's the first question I ask myself, always, is, 'What is this movie about?'
I have an overactive brain, and as a result of that, I can really get in my own mind. So I like to try and exercise it to the point of exhaustion.
I did a lot of background and research on 'End Of Watch,' and I definitely used certain skills that I learned.
I don't always think it's necessary for somebody to be nice all the time.
I like the idea of the adventurer's spirit. I think that is very much what a man searches for, in a certain way.
I don't think I'm sharp enough to not prepare and come on set and kill it.
I love movies that are saying things that people might find odd at times. I don't find them odd at all. They give me comfort.
I heard about the movie business before I even knew what it was. So I surround myself now with people who are like, 'Can we not talk about movies for an hour?'
