American,Actor
More and more, when I single out the person out who inspired me most, I go back to my grandfather.
I think stutterers are funny. And I know it's rude and politically incorrect to laugh at stutterers. But I think it is okay because I know why they're funny. They make people nervous. People think, when on earth are they going to get the word out, so they start laughing out of their own nervousness.
You don't build a bond without being present.
Speech is a very important aspect of being human. A whisper doesn't cut it.
When I read great literature, great drama, speeches, or sermons, I feel that the human mind has not achieved anything greater than the ability to share feelings and thoughts through language.
No one asked me to be an actor, so no one owed me. There was no entitlement.
Stuttering is painful. In Sunday school, I'd try to read my lessons, and the children behind me were falling on the floor with laughter.
When you are mute, you become a good listener - it's all one-way. You appreciate the written word. You appreciate the sound.
One day, my youngest uncle - the other one who was first to go to college, Randy - and I were sitting out on the front porch. And he was brilliant. He ended up - he just retired from Boeing Aircraft in Wichita, Kansas.
Writing can give full meaning to characters and avoid pure stereotype.
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
There is not enough magic in a bloodline to forge an instant, irrevocable bond.
You weren't going to the theater to change the world, but you had a chance to affect the world, the thinking and the feelings of the world.
You sang in church, you know, and you didn't act at all. You tried not to act, you tried to tell the truth. The idea of being a troubadour on the road singing for your supper was very disturbing to him.
When I was in New York after I left the Army, I studied for two years at the American Theater Wing, studied acting, which involved dance and fencing and speech classes and history of theater, all that.
We children learned responsibility automatically.
The goal wasn't to be a millionaire or to be a Hollywood star. That was not the goal. The goal was something about - the goal was to find the goal, but I knew where it was.
The arts have always been an important ingredient to the health of a nation, but we haven't gotten there yet.
So in my sophomore year, I took a senior anatomy class. I thought anatomy - being the thing that I should be most interested in - and if I could hack, as we called it, a senior class, I would continue. I didn't hack the senior class.
So in my junior year, I switched to the drama department.
So I was determined to use my last two years in college doing something I thought I would enjoy, which was acting. And it was probably because there was girls over in the drama school too, you know?
So by the time I got to Michigan I was a stutterer. I couldn't talk. So my first year of school was my first mute year and then those mute years continued until I got to high school.
Reading was a big thing, yes. Books were a big thing. But the things that stick out were the newspapers.
My youngest uncle Randy and I were the first members of our entire family to ever go to college.
My grandmother though, began to prepare in her own neurotic - and I think psychotic - way to face racism. So she taught us to be racist, which is something I had to undo later when I got to Michigan, you know.
My grandmother had the most dramatic effect on my life because she set me in one direction, and I had to go back the other direction for my sanity, and for my ability to be a social human being.
You cannot be an actor like I am and not have been in some of the worst movies like I have. But I stand before you deeply honored, mighty grateful and just plain gobsmacked.
I love to see actors' work. I love to surf channels late at night and accidentally run into movies I hadn't seen before. It makes me very proud of the profession.
I think self-criticism is sort of a given when you're an actor. It's also about being curious and not being flippant. Anyone who accepts being in this noble profession is automatically self-critical.
Actors never discuss future plans.
I consider myself a novice film actor.
There's nothing I would retire for, so I won't retire.
