Actor
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.
You try to be yourself, do only what you've always done and like to do, and right away, you're tagged as an oddball.
Only the gentle are ever really strong.
Death can't be considered because, if you're afraid to die, there's no room in your life to make discoveries.
Being a good actor isn't easy. Being a man is even harder. I want to be both before I'm done.
I'm a serious-minded and intense little devil, terribly gauche and so tense I don't see how people stay in the same room with me. I know I wouldn't tolerate myself.
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have.
The gratification comes in the doing, not in the results.
To me, acting is the most logical way for people's neuroses to manifest themselves, in this great need we all have to express ourselves.
There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning.
Studying cows, pigs and chickens can help an actor develop his character. There are a lot of things I learned from animals. One was that they couldn't hiss or boo me.
An actor should be judged by his performance only.
The only way to make a scene realistic is to do it the way you know it would really happen.
When an actor plays a scene exactly the way a director orders, it isn't acting. It's following instructions. Anyone with the physical qualifications can do that.
I used to fly around quite a bit, you know? I took a lot of unnecessary chances on the highways. And I started racing, and now I drive on the highways, I'm extra cautious because no one knows what they're doing half the time. You don't know what this guy is going to do or that one.
An actor must interpret life, and in order to do so must be willing to accept all the experiences life has to offer. In fact, he must seek out more of life than life puts at his feet.
I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed.
I want to be a Texan 24 hours a day.
Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.
My purpose in life does not include a hankering to charm society.
To my way of thinking, an actor's course is set even before he's out of the cradle.
Racing is the only time I feel whole.
I think the one thing this picture shows that's new is the psychological disproportion of the kids' demands on the parents. Parents are often at fault, but the kids have some work to do, too.
The cinema is a very truthful medium because the camera doesn't let you get away with anything. On stage, you can even loaf a little, if you're so inclined.
The only greatness for man is immortality.
