American,Actor
One night I went over to get some dope from some Hollywood tough guy. After I left, my son Scott, who was only fifteen, went over with a baseball bat to kill him. I was laughing out of one eye and crying out of the other. I thought, Who am I kidding?
I'm here instead of having shoulder surgery. But I'm not sure which is more painful.
People say, 'Gee, you do a lot of mafia movies.' I think I've done two, out of 60.
My least favorite phrase in the English language is 'I don't care.'
I never did anything else. In college I switched majors every two weeks, and acting was the only thing that held my interest.
You have to be very careful when you let someone win.
I never saw my dad cry. My son saw me cry. My dad never told me he loved me, and consequently I told Scott I loved him every other minute. The point is, I'll make less mistakes than my dad, my sons hopefully will make less mistakes than me, and their sons will make less mistakes than their dads.
It is that, but really, it's about how we don't recognise the little things in life, or appreciate the little things in life like belonging. A sense of belonging is a big thing today.
You're the only one who's closing your eyes at night. There's no one else who can do it for you.
Showing up every day isn't enough. There are a lot of guys who show up every day who shouldn't have showed up at all.
My acting technique is to look up at God just before the camera rolls and say, 'Give me a break.'
Anyone of my generation who tells you he hasn't 'done Brando' is lying.
I think we have to believe in things we don't see. That's really important for all of us, whether it's your religion or Santa Claus, or whatever. That's pretty much what it's about.
I never rode a bull - I'm not that stupid.
It's a very charming movie about the mob - a real stretch for me.
I play a guy who believes he's a king. He's the most common man in the world; in fact his family, like his suits, are just make-up. It's about dysfunctional people and dysfunctional relationships.
There's a big difference between wanting to work and having to work. And I had to learn that the hard way. Now money is very important to me, because I ain't got it.
Some guys say beauty is only skin deep. But when you walk into a party, you don't see somebody's brain. The initial contact has to be the sniffing.
Actors have bodyguards and entourages not because anybody wants to hurt them - who would want to hurt an actor? - but because they want to get recognized. God forbid someone doesn't recognize them.
What's the difference between sex and love? I have four wives and five kids. I apparently don't know the difference.
There are a lot of guys in Hollywood who clap you on the back just a little too hard.
I always thought of myself as some sort of athlete until I started playing golf a couple years ago.
I've been lucky. The critics never went out of their way to single me out for doing bad work.
To get over my divorce, I got a prescription to live at the Playboy Mansion for a while.
I don't think silicone makes a girl good or bad.
People wonder why first-time directors can make a brilliant picture, then suck on the second one. It's because they're a little terrified the first time. So they listen to all the experts around them.
