American,Actor
Good writing will bring you to places you don't even expect sometimes.
I just don't think I'm that interesting. I don't think what I have to say is that interesting. To hear me go blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I mean, who... cares?
Part of the fun of acting is the research, finding out about other people.
Actors will say, 'My character wouldn't say that.' Who said it was your character?
It is a dark, dark world. If you're going to be in a dark world, I can't think of any better one to be in. I still think I'm very lucky to be in it.
I love hearing people laugh.
Standing in public in other people's clothes, pretending to be someone else. It's a strange way for a grown man to make a living.
I dabbled a little bit in acting in high school, and then I forgot about it completely. And then at about 25 I went to a class. I don't think anybody in my family thought it was an intelligent choice. I don't think anybody thought I'd succeed, which is understandable. I think they were just happy that I was doing something.
Putting somebody else's pants on and pretending to be somebody else is occasionally, as you grow older, horrifying.
I'm not a big, three-hour-play, Ibsen-revival kind of man.
I'm an actor... I do a job and I go home. Why are you interested in me? You don't ask a truck driver about his job.
'The Sopranos' all came down to the writing. I wouldn't have been on for as long as I was if the writing weren't so good.
I've been very lucky, considering what I look like and what I do.
All writers are vampires.
You know, all writers are vampires and they'll look around and they watch you when you're not even thinking they're watching you and they'll slip stuff in.
I lost 30 pounds to play my character in 'The Mexican', but people don't take to skinny mafia men, and I don't feel right when I'm thin.
I was voted best-looking kid in high school but, as you can see, things changed. I used to say I was a 260 pound Woody Allen. You can make that 295 pound now.
Both my mother and father were very supportive of any career move any of us wanted to make.
I have nothing but respect for HBO.
I don't think I will do a Mafia character again. I want to get away from the violence a little bit, because it is starting to bother me personally.
I want nothing to do with privilege.
I find it hard to relax. I live in New York.
I like dark places.
I'd love to live in New Orleans. I love the freedom of it - for good and for bad.
I like idiotic comedies.
People don't know and they shouldn't know that you work incredibly hard as an actor.
