Irish,Actor
It's ridiculous, but it's horrible going bald. Anyone who says it isn't is lying.
The reality of life in Northern Ireland is that if you were Protestant, you learned British history, and if you were Catholic, you learned Irish history in school.
Belfast is a city which, while not forgetting its past, is living comfortably with its present and looking forward to its future.
In my life, I have made the occasional catastrophic choice, and it's just a case of moving on and learning from it.
The thing to remember is that the work comes first, and not to get distracted by anything else. If you keep focused on the work, everything else will fall into place. That's my mantra now.
I was one of the many kids in Northern Ireland who grew up in the countryside and had an idyllic childhood well away from the Troubles.
I spend my money on holidays and eating out, and it allows me to be generous.
I've got a history in my life of difficult times.
I've always been a family man and count myself as one of those who are lucky to have the comfort of a family.
My mother taught me what it is to have a sense of humour; my dad, who was a headmaster, everything you need to know about hard work. My dad is the most decent man you could come across.
I'm not strong-willed enough or unkind enough... or maybe simply not wise enough to tell a journalist that a subject is out of bounds.
I love nothing more than going to eat by myself with a newspaper.
Perhaps our imagination needs crime stories to fulfill some craving we have, as a way to assuage a darkness in ourselves.
Brain surgery is a fairly aggressive process. There's a lot to get through. There's the beautiful, delicate shaving first, which is really lovely. There's a wonderful ceremony of putting all the covers on, so only the little bit you're operating on is revealed. But once they make the incision and tear the skin back, the drill comes out.
We have to get behind the scientists and push for a dementia breakthrough. It could be that we fear dementia out of a sense of hopelessness, but there is hope, and it rests in the hands of our scientists.
I think often there is great rivalry between neurosurgeons and cardiac surgeons. I think I maybe have a bit of bias with neurosurgeons' opinion that nothing tops neurosurgery! But that makes for a quite interesting conflict between the two.
Something about theatre perhaps scared me.
Who am I to pass judgment? Judgment has been passed on me, but I adhere to, 'Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.'
A lot of people of my Ulster Protestant background would have been very suspicious of the notion of a film about Bloody Sunday. Our fear would have been that it would be terribly anti-Britain and anti-soldiers: a piece of nationalist propaganda.
I went to India with UNICEF in connection with Manchester United to raise money for children's education.
I feel old and vulnerable. I now realise that I knew nothing and know nothing, but back when my career was beginning, I thought I was a man when, in fact, I was a dewy-eyed boy who'd not seen an avocado or eaten a tomato.
I thought I was God's gift to mankind and the greatest Irishman since George Best.
I never forget that I'm extremely fortunate.
Like the character I played in 'Jekyll', we all have different masks we put on for different occasions. As much as we all want to lead decent lives, we're also attracted by the idea that something dark may lurk within us.
Several years ago, I began losing my hair, and like a lot of men, it was a major concern to me, in fact it was practically an obsession. But, also I'm an actor, so I'm in the public eye a lot and I really felt that my hair loss could affect my career prospects.
I'm not an actor who is often asked to be in period things.
People love watching medical dramas - they also love watching documentaries about the workings of the brain.
My early ambitions were the same as they are now - to play for Manchester United. I was, and still am, football mad.
I started a French degree at university, but packed it in when I realised I really wanted to be an actor.
When I went to university, I was already working professionally with the Ulster Actors.
There's some irony in playing a journalist after some of the stuff that has been written about me, but it's a great profession, particularly investigative journalism.
When people say, 'You're perceived as a sex symbol,' I love the idea of that because it's so absurd.
I spend an awful lot of time by myself and enjoy that.
Producers get very jittery about things.
My best friends are still the ones I first attached myself to when I went to school because, all of a sudden, I was leaving the rather pampered and occasionally very annoying world of having three older sisters to go to a male-dominated world.
My nightmare is that I don't want to be OK.
It's hard to make a film in Britain. It's hard to raise money. The best stuff that is shot on film in Britain is usually shot on film for television.
It's easier to act in your own accent.
You don't learn charm. It's not something that you can acquire. I have used it much in my life with great success, but it's not necessarily what makes me an actor. It became a very easy label to attach to me. It also feels a bit dismissive. People go, 'You're so lovely and charming', but it's a wee bit, 'That's all you are.'
If I get to the end of my life, and people say, 'He was in 'Cold Feet,' well, I was, and it was great. I thought the fourth series wasn't great. I thought there were weak episodes throughout. Overall, I thought it was a good show, it had an impact, it dealt with a lot of issues, and it was a great part.
I'm not very good at standard English.
I've never felt that acting was my vocation - never had that tortured thing. I love acting, but it doesn't feed my soul.
Before I read the 'Bloody Sunday' script, I have to admit I hadn't thought about it that much. There was probably even part of me which assumed there was no smoke without fire. That the Catholics who were shot must have done something to provoke such a response from the army. I was extremely ignorant of the whole situation.
When you're brought up in a Unionist culture, you can't help but feel Unionist.
The whole process of making 'Bloody Sunday' was difficult but extraordinary.
I get an awful lot of people coming up and saying they went to school with me. There must have been 80,000 pupils at that school!
It's easy to get carried away with yourself.
When I did the film 'Hear My Voice' a few years ago, I disappeared fully up my own backside for a while. Because I thought my career was taking off, I became a bit of an egomaniac and a pain in the neck. I thought I was God's gift to mankind and the greatest Irishman since George Best.
My mother certainly doesn't think I'm charming!
I am in the public eye, and I accept that my actions may be open to question.
'Spoilt' is a euphemism for 'loved.'
You can get a bit world-weary in this job, and 'The Passion' reminded me of what a fantastic job acting is and how lucky I am to be doing it.
If you are a Northern Irish actor, maybe subconsciously more than consciously, you do have an instinctive responsibility at some point to tackle the recent history of where we have come from. It's not only a responsibility, but a privilege.
I'm no pin-up.
Ever since I left Northern Ireland, I've always been pretty comfortable on my own, which contradicts a lot of people's perceptions of me.
When you see a tumour in the brain, it's an ugly looking thing. It's kind of black, grisly and messy. Or it can be white. To see it taken away is just amazing.
My agent Sue realised after 'Cold Feet' that I could have spent the rest of my life doing similar roles. So she was instrumental in moving me away from that.
Tumours can come out of nowhere.
Although surgeons know how to deal with bits of the brain, they don't really know how it works.
There's no such thing as unwanted attention for an actor.
The best way of enjoying your money is to spend it on other people. I don't need much.
Acting is something you didn't do in Ireland.
I think teaching should be a vocation, and they should be paid more for it.
I actually started out on the stage as a singer.
I have three older sisters who, when we were children, used to hold me down on a bad day and put make-up all over me, so I've had an aversion to it all my life and hate sitting down in the make-up chair.
My wife would say I'm more Hyde than Jekyll!
Some actors can distance themselves from the parts they play, but I fall into the category who use bits of themselves.
Love your parents, but don't have them as your mates.
When I turned 40, subconsciously, life was a blank sheet. Before, it was disjointed, and I was very displaced and quite mad, but it was a brilliant time. Everyone thinks I must have been unhappy.
Acting was a godsend. I found myself because I loved acting.
My preference is for good writing. It doesn't matter if it's for film or TV. Whatever. It starts with the writing. Even though I've had problems with writers, it doesn't matter how great of an actor you are. If the writing is bad, you're going to struggle.
That thing of briefly losing sight of a child happened to me when the kids were younger, and you can't see them in the supermarket or wherever. It's a terrible, terrible moment... the most unimaginable horror.
I'm an actor, learning lines and saying them in the right order.
I'm Ulster Presbyterian. We understand the need to work hard from an early age.
Brain surgeons are dealing with the very last thread of life, and they have to be very confident, but I think they tend to remember their failures rather than their successes, and that must be very hard. Who do you share that failure with? That's why their personal lives are often disastrous.
Northern Ireland has treated me well, you know?
While I've never 'phoned in' a performance, I think I have given some performances where I could have been a bit braver.
Kids at a certain age don't necessarily want to be dragged to the other side of the world.
When I was growing up, Belfast City Hall was surrounded by security, and we had no access to it. But now, people come in and out of it all the time. On a nice day, office workers and students sit on the lawn outside and have lunch. It's great to see how Northern Ireland has changed. To be part of that is fantastic.
Unification is less important than the fact Ireland is now conflict-free.
As fabulous as technology is, it can also make us very anxious.
Supporting drama for young people is close to my heart.
I loved my time growing up in Northern Ireland doing youth drama, that is where it all began for me.
No one wanted to own Bloody Sunday.
Improvising political dialogue is not easy.
All my adult life, there was the Troubles. That was the backdrop of my life.
I want to beat up Michael Fassbender in a movie. I was with him at the beginning of his career when he did an episode of 'Murphy's Law.' He's a proper superstar and enormously talented, but I want to do a scene where I properly duff him up.
What I discovered all over Ireland is that people living simple lives by the sea or in the remote countryside seem a lot calmer than city folk with their iPads and their Android phones.
New Zealand is a place where you can get well.
People don't watch TV only to relate to stuff. They also watch to find out about a world they can't relate to.
As I flew back from New Zealand to bury my mother, it occurred to me that no matter how harrowing her loss was and how keenly it will always be felt, there was, nevertheless, a sense of relief that my father, sisters and I could say a final goodbye after the longest goodbye and relief that my mum had finally been released.
