American,Actor
Everyone can have their heart broken. Even if you know the relationship isn't working, it's still sad. Even in a bad relationship, they're part of your life for a long time, and saying goodbye to that can be difficult.
If you have fun and keep a good attitude, people want to work with you.
To me, the more bizarre the character, the more I'm attracted to it.
It's hard enough to just be a good actor. When you're on set, there's everything going against you. There are walkie talkies going off, the camera is creaking and moving, there are boom mics, and you have to hit your mark and make sure you don't shadow the other person's face. It's a really technical process.
I am starting to get into this whole idea of caring about what I wear. There was a time in my life when I could not care less about fashion.
A lot of guys I know are into this whole scarf trend. Not my thing. I prefer to update and personalize my style with the smaller things, like a pocket square or, again, with the shoes. All in the details.
I've always loved watches my whole life. When I was growing up, I always thought of having a great watch as that next step - of making it, of a rite of passage.
You can find all types of men anywhere, but a smart man will always make you feel important and understood. And a woman can always tell when a man does it genuinely and effortlessly.
I never felt that I was a leading-man type in high school. I was always the goofy guy who was getting attention from girls who could make them laugh by doing impersonations of, like, 'Saturday Night Live' sketches... I was more James Stewart than James Bond.
If you're an attractive guy, everyone thinks you're successful just because of the way you look. I hate that.
Boy, if Garth Ennis had created a religion, I would sure like to be a part of that. It just makes sense, the way he tackles things in it. It's really heavy stuff and it's incredibly well written.
If you're lucky enough to pick what you do, that's the greatest career you can have. Ultimately, that's my goal: to have choices.
If expectations are low, you can only impress people. But if expectations are there for you to be the leading guy, and you've been paid X amount of money, you're on a tightrope, and all of a sudden, you're looking down.
Every time I read a script, I see the movie in my head, and I try to see the best movie in my head because everybody interprets the movie differently.
Over the years, I've learned that you can have fun with the fabrics and other elements, but if it's not tailored right, you'll blow it.
I am constantly hustling and finding new things. You try to manage so you don't look back and see huge gaps of time that you missed with your family.
I have always been good at auditioning, but maybe because I had a good trick at the beginning. I would pretend that my agent gave me the wrong scene or lines. They would take pity on me and hand me the right scene. I would act like I had never seen this before - and then do pretty well considering I had already rehearsed it.
It would be cool to be invisible, but I'm afraid of what people would say about me if they didn't know I was there. Some things are better left unknown.
I was with my wife for five years before we got married. At some point, she was ready to take the next step, and I would say, 'I'm committed to you now; nothing's going to change.'
When I was younger - up until I was 19 years old and in college - I was surrounded with people in high school who felt like they knew what they wanted to do with their lives, and that was intimidating to me because I didn't.
I didn't know what my passion was until I discovered the dramatic arts in junior high and high school and I realized, 'Oh, I like this. This is something I feel like I'm good at.' But, the idea of moving to Hollywood and becoming an actor was really unrealistic.
I didn't want to go get a job or get a degree in business or marketing, or whatever all my friends were getting degrees in.
As an actor, you always think your last job is your last job, and you're always doubting yourself and worried that people will see you're a fraud.
The more ridiculous the character is, the more sincerity you have to bring to it.
I have always weirdly seen myself as more of a character actor. I have never been suave. I could never see myself playing James Bond. I suppose I could fake it, but I am certainly not James Bond in real life.
Early in your career, you feel like there is a formula, a path you have to take. You have to do this movie because this person directed it and you have to be associated with these people. In some ways, I have thrown that out.
