American,Actor
They all went down in droves because just scenes of palm trees and beaches can get pretty boring.
Fortunately, I've also been an electrician, and that's a happy memory for me.
Some people say Hawaii is spoiled, but I don't think so. It's modern. It's a part of today's world.
And after four years, I thoroughly enjoy Hawaii and the success of the show.
Once you're a winner, you can give all sorts of reasons why you're a winner. Of course, you could all those same reasons to explain why a show fails.
Beating the drums for Hawaii is not hard to do... the place just grows on you.
Walt Disney was not a merchant of sadness.
My idea of going to hell is going somewhere where there are no books.
I had accumulated some capital and was at an age at which I was interested in generating income. But even though I was risk averse, I was interested in growth stocks.
And I had an old-fashioned idea that dividends were a good thing.
The first year we actually did a lot of night shooting and the writers weren't even allowed on location.
It was an hour of sanity with the good guys winning, a situation where the world was right side up.
My mother insisted that I have a normal upbringing.
But I found out that bones with flesh are more interesting than bones without.
I don't think anyone connected with Five-O believed the show would last as long as it did.
Nobody really knows what makes a hit TV show.
In the case of Five-O, I believe it was a combination of many ingredients - timing, chemistry, Hawaii.
We were living in a tumultuous time, when the world was upside down. Freeman produced a show that was black and white, the good guys versus the bad guys.
You should hear the guy who dubs me in Japan. I like him the most. He has a high squeaky voice.
I just sold a farm in Missouri, and I own a ski lodge in Colorado with some Honolulu partners.
I give a percentage of the earnings to the Motion Picture Home.
But it's hard to sustain a successful acting career today.
When the major studios flourished many years ago, an actor was groomed, developed, and worked frequently at his craft. The studios really took care of their actors.
I thought even if the show only lasted a year, it would be fun.
You know, as I do, actors who, having become worldwide celebrities thanks to a TV series, complain of their lot and declare themselves ready to drop it all.
I got into the acting business very young.
