English,Actor
The one thing you've gotta do is that you need to always do the best you can do, no matter what the given situation, no matter what comes up against you. You do the best you can do, and you never give up. Never quit.
When I dance, I look almost identical to Beyonce. And I mean identical. In many ways, when she becomes Sasha Fierce, she's actually just becoming me.
I think everyone at school experiences some form of bullying. With kids at school, it can be anything - it can be your shoes or the wrong bag or anything. If you are big like I am, you are always going to be a target. So I decided at school to make myself an even bigger target, if you like: to make myself as big as I could be.
The only thing I know is that no one ever sat in a therapist's or a psychiatrist's room saying, 'My parents just loved me too much.' The only thing you can do is love them and be around. Kids don't really care what your car is like or how big their house is. All they really care about is that you are around.
My major ambition is just to stay relevant.
I do a mean beef Wellington. Gordon Ramsay's is a phenomenal recipe. But that's a lot of prep. The secret to wrap it in Parma ham before wrapping in pastry. I'm so pro smuggling more meat in.
I think the weather here is a big attraction for anyone. But also, there are more creative people per square mile in L.A. than anywhere in the world. They make 'The Simpsons' here. Anywhere they make 'The Simpsons' is a good place to be.
Oh my God, I never really tweet, but there's a moment every day I write one and then delete it.
On stage, you have to have incredible confidence, or you would stop doing it. But I don't think I will ever get to the point where I go, 'I know exactly what I am doing,' and I don't think I want to.
I sometimes have an over-confidence that can be viewed as arrogance.
People say: 'Oh, but would you be happy for your show to go on BBC3 if it was just online?' If I was sat here telling you I had just signed a huge deal with Netflix you'd be going: 'Wow, that's amazing.' You can't see it as 'Oh, it's no longer a channel because it's not on TV.'
There is really no one who hasn't made mistakes in their career. I'm always shocked that people would be so surprised that I might make mistakes. Martin Scorsese has made mistakes - why can't I?
It is hard because I love Cornettos, so that will always be a weakness, and I've realised that bread is my nemesis. I believe bread has been sent to destroy me to the core.
I'm not a stand-up comedian; I'm not a satirist.
This arrogance thing... I've had that my whole life. I flip between, 'Oh really? Oh, thank you. Wow. That's amazing' and, 'Yeah! Of course I am.' They're both varying degrees of a self-defence mechanism. It can be from minute to minute that I change.
I was always the kid at school who thought it was a good idea to set off the fire alarm. And much as I'm aware that that's a trait which also propels other things which are good, I wish I could just pause and go, 'Is this really what you want to do?'
I wish I didn't like sweets as much as I do. I wish I didn't get carried away sometimes.
I knew acting was what I wanted to do. I don't know if I was brilliant at it, but when I was doing school plays, I loved it so much I didn't want it to end. I feel like I'm exactly the same as when I was doing plays at school, to be honest.
You can't make anything without making mistakes, do you know what I mean? Robert De Niro's in the 'Rocky and Bullwinkle' film. There's a lot of far greater people than me who have made mistakes in their careers... There's loads of people who have made stuff that isn't good and never get asked about it.
I feel a bit like when we came through the doors on the first day of rehearsals of that play, from that minute on, my whole life changed.
No one could have predicted on day one of rehearsals, that a year and a half later we would have shot a film and all be living in New York. It was surreal.
There's a difference between wanting to appear confident and actually feeling confident. I think there have been many times when I've overcompensated for how nervous or out of place I feel. I was like that at school.
I guess I have a faith. I have an overriding feeling that all of this can't be for nothing. But then I also fully understand that it might be.
There's nothing nicer than getting a round of applause for turning up for work. It's amazing! You start work, and people clap. Do you know what I mean? And then they stand up and clap at the end.
When the 'Guardian' is commissioning writers to write obituary pieces about you and your career... it doesn't get much nastier than that. And you've just got to go, 'It doesn't actually matter.'
Louis Tomlinson, who is a member of One Direction, his mum was a chaperone on 'Fat Friends.' So Louis used to come to the set with his mum, and since I was the only sort of young person around, we would kick a football around, things like that.
I've not met a soul who wants to see The Wanted over One Direction. The thirst for those boys is insane.
It's enough now of being unhealthy. I have a family, and I owe it to them to be as healthy as I can. A great sense of clarity comes when you have a child. It shows the important stuff to be important.
I've been lucky enough that in the U.K., I've done shows that have aired once a week. I make a show there that runs seasonally, and we make one episode a week, and that is great - the value of time. You can really think and finesse what you want to do.
I enjoy, always, the feeling of being in front of an audience.
The positivity of the Obamas as a family is undeniable.
If you're big at school, you've really got two choices. You're going to be a target. If you go to school, and you're me, you go, 'Right - I'm just going to make myself a bigger target. My confidence, it will terrify them.' That's how I felt in school.
I could never understand, when I watch romantic comedies, the notion that for some reason, unattractive or heavy people don't fall in love. If they do, it's in some odd, kooky, roundabout way - and it's not. It's exactly the same.
I met my wife; she barely owned a television and worked for Save the Children. We sat down one night, and we fell in love, and that was it.
I have friends at home who love 'The Tonight Show' with Jimmy Fallon. They live in the U.K., and they've never seen an episode, but they love it.
I'm very lucky, in that I've known Adele for quite some time.
If you can reach people in their pockets, on their lunch breaks, on their commutes to and from work, on recess at school, and make things they want to see, that's an amazing thing for a show like ours.
First concert I saw was a British boy band called Take That when I was 14 or 15. I went with nine girls from school.
No boys liked Take That, and it was weird if you did because they danced around and wore matching clothes. But I didn't grow up with a dad who told me something was manly or not manly.
I don't want to feel like I'm a television host - because I don't think that I am. What I really want to feel like is, I am you; I just happen to be here.
I'm never going to try 'Carpool Karaoke' in New York. That would be a very different thing. Mariah Carey's one, we just drove, like, five or six blocks round where she was staying at the time.
You used to have to come to America for 18 months and drive around in a van, trying to get radio stations to play your song. But I remember One Direction's manager telling me that the first time they came to America, they hadn't released a song - they'd only been on 'The X Factor.' But there were 2,000 fans waiting at LAX airport.
