English,Actor
Dancing is like riding a bike.
I had teen angst for a while, but I think every teenager has the angst.
Inner demons? Got none of them.
New York is full of crazy people, and I like that.
I've just been blessed to work with these really great people.
I actually don't mind rats at all. I kind of think they're quite cute, but that's just me.
I tap dance.
I love the old Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly movies; they're so beautiful to look at. It's such a shame we don't make them anymore. Although, I don't know how you could make tap dancing current and topical.
I hate the stereotype of the pitfalls of the child actor. There are so many amazing examples - Natalie Portman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Jodie Foster, Drew Barrymore - of people who have made it through.
You just have to surround yourself with people who are going to support and love you before trying to sell you as a product, or push you into something you don't want to do.
My characters are often without a significant parental figure.
You don't miss what you never had.
Surfing isn't really in my blood. It's hard to catch a big wave in Billingham.
I've got lots of weird illustrations of me from Japanese fans.
My favourite superhero is obviously Batman because he's the sexiest. But I can't imagine myself as Batman.
Indiana Jones is very much an old-world kind of hero. He doesn't really have any kind of superpower or rely on any kind of technology to help him out of things.
I lost my mind at 15. I'd been shown a world where there were no boundaries, where everyone gave me all the power. And I was like, 'This is great!' Then that was gone. But I was like, 'Yeah, but I still want that.' I'd lost my humble, very quiet, introverted sensibilities which I think I definitely had as a kid.
I never really sympathised with Peter Parker.
I don't think many people can say they've been the lead in a Spielberg film and still been able to live their normal life that they had before.
Well, I am obsessive about my work. I throw myself in all the way.
I sympathize with every kitchen porter.
We're kind of in a voyeuristic world. We have TV shows that are all about watching people do weird things in houses. People are obsessed with that. There's live coverage of it.
Every interview I do, it's basically 'how did he do it,' and I owe it all to my representation, and my manager is basically like my mother, she's so picky.
I don't take any photographs. I travel a lot by myself, and I feel weird taking photos on my own.
I don't think there's a lot of actors out there right now who really know what they're doing at all.
I'll tell you what I hate - bands like My Chemical Romance.
