American,Actor
You can't explain why people are friends and why those friendships last, but there certainly is magic in it. It's just something that you treasure.
When the show is over we still have to pay our rent, we have to buy food. We have to do all the same things that you do.
You know what's nice about Montreal? Not only is it a beautiful city, but you have Cuban cigars.
The benefits from stardom as Klinger outweigh any setbacks. It's a double-edged sword. What makes you famous is what interferes with getting other roles.
Canada has given us John Candy and Martin Short and Bill Shatner and Lord knows how many other wonderful performers.
Canadians send us great hockey players. You also send us wonderful performers, from the beginning, with Mary Pickford.
I certainly don't have any airs about myself.
I did sketch comedy for years. I've always enjoyed it.
I do Broadway because I refuse to succumb to the stereotypical things that Hollywood does to a performer.
I don't think anybody is wanting to put me back on the air. But I'm certainly out there trying.
If you want good sketches, go pick up Sid Caesar. The best of Your Show of Shows. That's the greatest sketch comedy you'll ever see on television.
The third year of MASH was when I realized I was a hit.
It's a difficult thing to overcome, but I've been quite fortunate. I haven't been out of work, literally, since 'M*A*S*H' went out of production.
As a kid, I had to be funny.
It took me years to get out of the bargain basement. I always wanted to walk into a men's store and buy a cashmere sweater.
Never stay with friends or relatives. You end up living on their schedules.
I was thrilled as a kid to point out my sister as she danced and sang on the stage, and she was pretty good artistically. She was a great inspiration to me. She was the one who sort of led me into show business.
I can't imagine that I will ever be on anything like 'M*A*S*H' again.
Some people came up with story lines where Colonel Potter moves in with Klinger, and we become a 1950s' odd couple. I said, 'Come on, let's do something significant.'
I enjoy 'Murphy Brown,' but I am shocked that people really like 'Married... With Children.' These shows are toilet humor, and none of them have good characters.
The dresses I wore are in the Smithsonian now.
I was the first man to put on a dress and play it straight. That was something very fresh. Still is.
All the plays I do are comedies. I love listening to people laugh. I couldn't do the dramas like 'All My Sons.'
I'm after the bucks because bucks give you the power, power gives you the freedom, and freedom lets you send money home to your mother.
Before 'M*A*SH*,' people in the industry didn't know what to do with this guy with the big nose.
I would like to do a nice comedy/drama feature with a good part, but nobody's asked me to do a film. Maybe it's because they don't know what to do with a guy in a dress.
