English,Actor
People can hate on you for doing what it is that makes you happy, but ultimately, it has to belong to you. It shouldn't matter what anyone else thinks. Life is not easy. The road to happiness is not a path well trotted. You have to find your own path to enlightenment.
There's nothing worse than finishing your last take on a movie and thinking, 'God! I finally nailed who this guy was!'
Particularly for English people, Shakespeare is always at the forefront of both drama and the English language. He's always been there. I can't remember starting school and not learning about him.
I'm a horrible romantic!
I went to boarding school in the country, so there's no real differentiation between family and friends. I went there from when I was 8 until I was 17 - it was insane. If you earn my friendship, you are my family, and I'll do anything for you.
I feel responsible for certain fans, but I've never said I'm a role model.
I see myself as a mascot for the kids who get beat down and don't feel like they belong.
I was obsessed with girls when I was 13 years old; I wasn't really into books.
Growing up in England, I was constantly surrounded by the Arthurian legend.
My essentials are skinny jeans, loose-fitting tees, big jumpers, and the leather jacket. Everything is black or blue - I don't own anything colorful.
Being on a movie set is wonderful experience, but it's a bubble - it isn't real life.
I write music. I'm in a band.
I tend to thrive on being misquoted. It's the only way I sound good.
I think I'm nervous to sign on to any job.
I think I'm always drawn to a good story.
I suppose with any character that you play you always bring your personal experience to it. You always bring people that you know or that you've met and sort of - this is what I do, I mean, I don't know what anyone else does - but people that you know or that you've met that have affected you in certain ways, you bring into it.
'Hamlet' is obviously a role a lot of actors want to portray or be involved with in some way and that I'd like to be involved in.
For me, it's interesting because I never thought of myself as an action man, but apparently I can do it, so that's good to know.
I do love mythology.
I'm nervous when taking part in any movie.
I'm hardly the sexiest man in the world. I'm a bit of a geek.
Being able to do lead roles in pictures or onstage or whatever it is that you're doing in acting is obviously what you strive for because you want to better yourself as an actor and you want to better yourself as a person as well. But that does come with a lot of responsibility and a great deal of weight.
You know, Johnny Depp has always been a massive inspiration for me and he's somebody who has produced an incredible amount of work, and every single piece that he does is amazing.
I don't mind if people are saying nasty things about me behind my back - I just don't want to know about them.
People don't get it; they think I'm rich. I'm not! I have no money.
I always had the idea that I wanted to perform. I love being the center of attention - and I always love talking about myself.
