Australian,Actor
I do want to have holidays and see my family and friends.
I come from a very, very small town. There were no other actors around. I never met any actors. A lot of those times when I'd be out in the sheds with my dad, I'd step outside, and there's just nothing out there but thousands of acres, forty thousand sheep, and miles of nothing. And so my mind would just wonder about what else was out there.
My favorite part of the film business is the research part, with the access we get from people who are excited to be involved and the things we get to see and do, which we're not normally going to get in everyday life.
My favorite part of any project is the preparation. It's where you get to meet the people, the experts.
In terms of publicity and interviews, well, it's really hard in this modern world to keep a sense of mystery.
You need mystery. You actually do. I think that's what foreign women, French women in particular, are good at. There's still a sense that you need to keep some of the unknown because that's where the soul resides, or something.
I am sick of living out of a suitcase.
I can't complain about the roles that have come my way.
The guy I read and I love is Irvin Yalom.
As an actor, the first thing you learn in drama school is you never judge.
At the end of the day, I'm an actor. I'm not here to sell other stuff or use off-screen things to generate whether or not I work. If I'm any good, I'll work; if I'm not, I won't.
With acting, you do want to get every job, and you're trying to get every audition, but then you reach a certain stage where you start to kind of gravitate toward the stories and the people that have a similar heartbeat.
I believe it's worth observing terrible things people have done as clearly and rationally as we can to show that our monsters are not caricatures.
My father was a sheep shearer, so I grew up in a caravan; we'd go around from shearing shed to shearing shed. My mother always wanted us to be educated, so I went to a school.
Your voice is important - it gives away everything about you. The mouth is a muscle you have to work like you'd work at the gym.
The whole business of being an actor is to explore, from research to shooting to why you do it. You're trying to see why people do what they do and how it feels to do what they do.
I love a good wool suit, and I appreciate the fact that it's a natural fiber. I know where it comes from, and I know how it's bred. And it's built to last. It breathes, and it feels good.
A lot of my climbing and hiking gear is all wool because I can wear it for a week straight and it doesn't smell. And when you get hot and sweaty in a cold temperature, it stays warm.
Look at a guy like Ian McKellen, who is eighty or whatever, and he's just loving his work, and you can see that in the work. That defines what type of actor you are. And what kind of people want to work with you. And whether you can do this job for a long, long time.
My career has worked out exactly how I like, and I am just happy to go to a coffee shop and nobody knows me, or when they do, they are complimenting me on the work they have seen, and it feels very genuine.
I'd change nothing in my career path. I was never built for being a handsome teenage star. That's just not in my psyche, I think. I would have hated to have grown up famous.
I'm glad to have grown up in the countryside and played, and had to use my imagination rather than a TV and had to learn to act the hard way, to have dealt with the rejection. It's a life as well as a job, at the end the day, we all have to work for a living, but we have to have a life as well.
Europeans have it better than the Americans. The Americans work too hard. The balance is out of whack. Europe's hung onto a little bit more of living a life and then working as well.
I haven't gotten jobs because I'm famous or I have a big Twitter feed - it's primarily directors. People employ me because I'm right for the part. But then, everybody needs a bit of luck, being in the right place at the right time. You just gotta be in that place for that opportunity to come by.
