American,Actor
Well, Well, Well, its certainly a compelling provocative exciting delicious to think about idea, smart people say the universe is so big there must be something statistically it could be likely there could be something happening on some other world.
No pay, no Goldblum. That's it.
My friend Ed Begley goes fishing. It's a little smelly to me, I don't like it so much. I like to eat fish, but I don't like to catch them.
I thought, this is a good sign. There's something perfect and right about this.
To be able to always have a super sense of who I was and my own real identity and be petty and seem informed and always thinking in thoughts would be great.
I don't go to these places where there are belly dancers and this and that.
How can you say when you're attracted to something? It's not easy to articulate my tastes.
I travel for work, but recently, friends said I should take major trips.
I, uh, don't think I'm, y'know, so different than your average, y'know, average.
This was one of the places people told me to go, it was one the big trips that you should see: Alaska.
It's best not to stare at the sun during an eclipse.
Hawaii can be heaven and it can be hell.
You never know in a movie if it's going to be a sequel, but right now I'm proud of what we produced.
Well, of course I would choose to be the top scientist in my field.
The original settlers of Alaska apparently were Russian.
The movie feels to me like a real work of lovely art.
People work harder when conditions are worse.
No matter how you travel, it's still you going.
It's not charming to go on a show and say, I dunno. It doesn't fool anybody. There's nothing glamorous about it at all.
It's nice to play a character that has a soulful, dependent, close relationship. It must mean my character is interesting in some way.
It's mysterious what attracts you to a person.
It's an important fact of life, war.
It's a delight to trust somebody so completely.
If any movie people are watching this show, please, for me, have some respect. You wanna sell some tickets, act like you know what you're talking about.
I've turned my guest house into this little studio, and we have actors come over and do readings.
I now, more and more, appreciate when I'm in a group of good people and get to work in good movies and projects. I'm wildly grateful and appreciative.
