American,Actor
I will never be in the stock market. It's just gambling. I'm a gambler, but I'll gamble on the practicality of things.
There is nothing new, from Greek mythology to Shakespeare to every romcom ever made, we're just reimagining the same 12 story plots over and over again - so what makes people keep watching and listening? It's all about the character.
There's too much down time making movies. That leads to boredom. And that leads to trouble.
I think it's great to be a part of a franchise that is successful. Any franchise is successful because it's a continuation and people have seen it.
I feel connected to that idea of wanting to belong to something, to have a sense of purpose as a man on the planet.
I like repressed characters. That gives me a lot of freedom to make a lot of different choices through subtleties.
I like to stay busy, I like to stay focused, and I like to stay creative. Without being creative I'd be dead.
Other people can think ahead all they want. I just focus on the task at hand and try to move on.
I lived by the candlelight for two years because I couldn't afford power. It was nice and romantic at the time, but if you can't afford power you're pretty broke. You endure it.
I guess I just have one of those resting faces that makes me look like I want to beat you up.
I live my life through fear. If I'm afraid of it I'll do it just so I'm not afraid of it anymore.
I do music because I can just pick up my guitar and sing, and completely satisfy, instant gratification. I don't need a script, I don't people, I don't need anything, cameras, I just have myself and my guitar, or keyboard.
I need to react to a script, to feel strongly about it in some way. And I need it to be a complex character for sure. And also, I think a lot about what kind of audience there is for the film, what they're looking for and ways to connect with them in the playing of a character.
I think cinema should provoke thoughts, sure, but using it as I soapbox I think is the wrong place. I never want to be part of something like that, where there's an agenda there that's not about telling a story, where its someone getting on a soapbox and preaching their own beliefs onto somebody.
Music I do just for me.
The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible. So I'll play in bands and record and play songs with other people, but for me it's a form of expression that all I need is me. I don't need cameras or agents, I can just have a piano and sing and feel totally verified.
In the 'Hurt Locker' there's a lot of me in there, a sense of humor, a man of few words and a lot of action.
I was an athlete when I was growing up.
I've got to be active in life, and it's the same when I'm doing stunts in a movie: I'll do anything.
I was very shy when I was younger. But I did have a terrible temperament. I would get angry very quickly, but the rest of the time I was this big goofball, playing the drums in a band and making out with girls.
When I was growing up, I wasn't taught how to feel or communicate feelings.
Not every actor gives their life to do this job. Some just do it as a job. Well, it's my life.
Building a house is like producing a movie. There's no right way to do it but a lot of wrong ways. You have to be flexible and creative. You have to move fast, be prepared - or it quickly becomes costly.
I'm blessed to have cool roles in these big movies.
I'm not violent.
I'll always build houses.
I don't want to play a bad guy who doesn't have a bit of good in him.
I know it's a cliche but I never wanted to be famous. I don't believe anybody wants to be famous.
I'm a simple, simple man.
I love the idea of going to work and having to fight and learn a new skill set, whether it's muay Thai or Kali or Filipino stick fighting. To me, it's like college for life.
I want to be a good human being.
