American,Actor
A sketch is just a mini movie.
I remember lying on the floor of my room, staring at a black-and-white television for most of the '80s - watching 'Diff'rent Strokes,' 'Facts of Life,' 'Silver Spoons,' Saturday morning cartoons, and 'Murder, She Wrote' while eating an insane amount of Stouffer's French bread pizza. I was sucked into it all.
I've certainly been someone who has loved to mine the trials and tribulations of growing up in general, and the people who are in our lives, and I don't mind pulling from them and writing things down on my phone that my family says.
To me, if people really want to improvise, get into classes and learn.
With Saturday morning cartoons, you've got to start at 6 A.M., right?
I think there's a fear of disconnect sometimes; communication is a huge issue for all of us, from adults to kids, as far as our face-to-face time and our ability to interact with each other without isolating itself to a phone. I think that has to be something that's very challenging.
Even with the fact that I grew up in North Carolina, 'Jim Rash' just screams 'Southern boy.'
Writing sketches, you're also learning about a journey and characters, and you translate that to bigger things.
Technology has changed, and we need to figure out how to improve the archaic way of what makes a hit, or how to determine how many viewers are watching beyond some people with Nielsen boxes in a small percentage of homes in random areas.
Some people will ruin a movie for you if they enthuse too much.
There are a lot of shows that have been saved because the fans weighed in.
On the personal level, the people that follow you on Twitter are always nice to hear from.
As far as working with actors, I feel very comfortable working in that aspect of directing.
If there's ever going to be a challenge for an actor, it's that character who's often evolving - which is not often the case in television.
Wherever a writer grew up, they're obviously influenced by that area, and I'm sure their characters are pulled from those experiences.
Honestly, it's terrible, but I don't know if I've ever really read a Stephen King novel.
In a weird way, the drama behind the stage was sort of keeping 'Community' on people's minds.
If you're a writer, the insight of other writers - if there's some kind of Holy Grail message on how to deal with writer's block or how to deal with any problem that can come up - whether you're writing about yourself or a group of people, I find that very interesting.
I think what's wonderful is that 'Community' has always had its voice, has always had it's vision, and that started from the very beginning.
There's always something exciting about small change.
The passion to explore and not be afraid to fail - that's something I will always attribute to the Groundlings.
My acting has always been in the world of comedy, but in my writing, other than writing sketches, I really am drawn to the balance between comedy and drama. I like things that sort of toe that line of one minute you're in this emotional space and then all of the sudden something happens.
If someone said, 'Sit down and write a 'Community' episode,' I would be panicked.
Improv has been immensely beneficial to me as both an actor and a writer.
We all know that technology has advanced to the point of watching TV online.
In television, the writer-creator-showrunner is embraced as the creative mind.
'Dexter,' while the pilot shares moments with the novel that created the character of Dexter, they completely abandoned the book from that moment on.
There are writers' rooms that will write episodes all together, who will break into little groups and write certain scenes. Everyone's process can be a little bit malleable. Everyone tries to get into a groove or find what works for their room.
The director in TV and the writer and the creator are working very much hand in hand.
Old beach houses sometimes don't have TVs, or you don't get cellphone reception.
I can't wait to meet Steven Spielberg or Al Pacino again so I can say, 'I have to tell you how you know me. You know me because I am the worst actor in the world.'
I think what makes a good show is obviously a rabid fan base.
I like to believe we're always looking to evolve as writers.
I was raised, I feel like, on television, definitely a child of TV, and was always fascinated by storytelling.
I am always up to steal secrets from smart people.
In truth, I have always been amazed by a group of people who all work toward putting one person's vision forward - that's an interesting story for me.
Some people like to purge out a draft and just let it go and then go back and fix it, but I'm a writer-rewriter. I can't move on until I feel like it's presentable.
When you stop thinking about something, the idea comes to you. It seems to work.
I was very much a latchkey kid. My parents would feel the back of the television to make sure I hadn't been watching it when they were gone, which inevitably I was.
I loved 'Dungeons & Dragons'. That was actually a good cartoon to me.
I will say you could always look at 'Looney Tunes' and learn about writing. I think you can learn a lot about the beats of comedy. I think you can find out about awkward pauses, because I think they did those well.
I love discussing the ins and outs of the collaborative nature of writing.
When you get onstage, you can see everyone in the audience's face, down to the detail. You can see who may or may not be yawning.
One summer, when I was a kid, I was in the car with my stepfather, and he was asking me where I thought I ranked, on a scale of 1 to 10. I said, '6,' and he said, '3.' I think it was his way of telling me that I needed to get out and really attack life.
