American,Actor
I've been on jobs where there's that one actor who is just a miserable, miserable no-good, dirty bastard, and it just turns the whole process sour.
When I got the script for Memento, I read it and I got killed off on page one and I fired my agent.
I've been very successful doing voices in movies. I did Olive, the Other Reindeer, with Drew Barrymore, and I did Cats and Dogs. My children came to some of the sessions.
Let's face it, 80 percent of the work I do my kids can't see.
Twelve to 15 years of acting school, and I am being a bird.
Living in the projects helped me with this role.
Actors always have opinions.
They actually bought me for Daredevil 2, but they have to exercise the option.
There aren't any small parts, only small paychecks.
The Moguls is a story about guys that have all grown up together and are now in their late 40s, early 50s.
We have to promote a movie. It's just extraordinary that everybody I'm talkin' to loves this movie.
They've been talking about Pi, which I haven't seen, they've been comparing it to Usual Suspects, Sixth Sense, and Fight Club, and I didn't see that either.
I've been so good in so many movies that nobody saw.
I've worked with Steven Spielberg three times. I'm proud to say that I'm one of those actors that continues to get hired by the same directors.
When I interview somebody, I look at their resume to see what they've done, who they've worked with, and how many times. If they've gotten repeat work. Those are the kinds of actors I want to hire.
Good actors are a dime a dozen, but I want actors that are gonna be part of my team and collaborative.
I think one of the geniuses of Bound and The Matrix and Memento is the complete collaboration of the effort. There were no rotten apples.
It's such a luxury to be able to be happy about going to work in the morning.
It's all about people. It's all about the subjectivity of what people love.
You'll never see me in the red leather. I don't have the chin for it.
The greatest leading man, in my opinion, will always be Cary Grant.
What the hell did I do in the 80's? Midnight Run. A perfect movie. Just a perfect movie.
One thing that's great about being a character actor is that a movie doesn't rest on your shoulders. If it bombs, it won't hurt my career.
When we were making The Fugitive, we all thought it was going to bomb.
When you work for Bruckheimer, you don't get it any better. He's the ultimate producer. I've had the good fortune of working with some great producers over the years.
In private some critics have come up to me afterwards and told me they honestly enjoyed the movie. Then they'd tell me that they're still going to have to write it up negatively.
