Australian,Actor
When I was young, I had a very clear point of view on things in life, on moral questions. There was a black and white viewpoint on my world. As I've gotten older, I see the grey areas appear.
Everything is a learning process: any time you fall over, it's just teaching you to stand up the next time.
Having rain on your tuxedo is a pretty good reminder that you're not James Bond.
Where does guilt and punishment lie, and are we not more expressive over remorse or guilt when other people see the badness in us?
I have this theory that alpha males are actually not alpha males. They're actually very scared - particularly scared of competition from a lot of men.
I'm single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, that's me.
There's a real sense of fighting and destruction in our DNA that we don't get in touch with.
Every now and then, I have a deep thought.
You can't really be picky when no one is offering you anything.
A lot of the fighters will say you'll know if a fighter's won or lost just by a fighter's eyes - whether they're scared of the other person.
Everybody's a mix of good and bad choices that they make.
I blame my work for a lot of things. I thank my work for a lot of things, too, but the trouble with being so passionately involved in work is that it becomes like a lover, like your partner, because it nourishes you.
If, at the end of the day, I can look back and see pictures of all the characters I've played, and there's a smorgasbord of weirdos and interesting, odd, different characters, I'd be so happy.
I often put any project I write in a different decade just to roll the thought around in my head. There's a thriller I've written that I think would be nice to set in the '70s or '80s, just to take cell phones away from the movie. There's nothing like the piercing ring of an old-school telephone to really scare an audience.
I grew up being taught, 'Do unto others as they would do unto you.' I would get scolded for not being polite.
You have to stick to what you love and purse that at all costs. Don't choose money first; it won't make you happy.
I'm hardly digging trenches for a living. I'm getting to tap into my boyhood fantasies of being a larger-than-life character.
You've got to be really careful that you're not falling into the Hollywood trap, you know?
The tricky thing becomes: Do you know yourself well enough to then portray that on screen? And for me, I find that really hard. I'd rather hide behind accents and funny walks.
The biggest difference for me is momentum. On a smaller film you get to shoot sometimes four or five scenes a day and you've got to do the tight schedule. I think I really feel the luxuries of a big budget film.
One of the things I've always enjoyed is moving around and staying fit. Physicality is such a big part of being an actor, but it's also about stillness and silence.
Some people are really good at playing the movie star - they are really good at cultivating that mystique - but I'm not really into that.
If I knew my schedule a month ahead, I'd be so bored.
Pulled pork jokes never get old.
It's weird: I don't see myself as a tough guy.
I did have someone tell me that I looked like Conan O'Brien. I was like, 'What?'
I think, often with Australian films, if an Australian film has been given the seal of approval by an offshore festival or an offshore release, then it does mean a lot to a local audience.
I've never seen a film get away completely unscathed like I have 'Animal Kingdom.' There's not a single bad review that I've read of it yet; all through Sundance, all it got was high praise.
I don't necessarily see myself as an experienced filmmaker just because I've been in a few movies.
Part of me wonders what it would have been like to have had my first experience of India in a normal way, rather than through the eyes of a film.
I love the idea of real-life experiences finding their way into fiction. I think that's really cool.
I have an issue with the commercial aspect of moviemaking: I don't see why a movie can't make a lot of money and also be good.
I just don't want to do crap movies, man, because I just love that I can get up and talk about them and talk to journalists about stuff that I'm really proud of.
I just love good movies. And not every movie you're going to end up in is always going to turn out right, but at least walk into it with the right intention.
I love what I do, but it occurs to me I may have handed over a large portion of my life to fiction.
I thought I'd be married and a father by 35.
Fighting in the ring or cage is very much different from fighting in the street. Fighting in the street is very much fueled by anger, pride, and male dominance and ego.
Particularly when you're making a movie of a book, people are always waiting with their knives - you know?
I had a brother who was bullying me to write something because we wanted to make our own movies. So it was out of necessity in the beginning. Over time, I began to see that I could create the roles I wanted to play rather than just waiting around.
I'm really great at making terrible analogies.
One of the great joys of being able to write something you can make, if you get certain actors you want and love, you're kind of buying yourself a front row seat to watch them work.
I think I'd be too scared to direct my first movie and put myself in the center.
I wasted too much time in my twenties. I worked, but I would do theater in the evening, and during the day I would surf and do irascible things. And then, for some reason, as I got closer to my thirties, I thought, 'Okay Joel, you've wasted enough time.'
Actors are excused from a lot of things, and we get away with a lot... I find it equally interesting and exciting as it is disgusting and bizarre.
It's an incredibly liberating feeling to have a skirt on. In fact, I know you can buy skirts, and you can buy work kilts and all sorts of stuff.
Sometimes, what's not said is just as important to the writing as what is said. As a writer, we have our voices heard. I think that, at oftentimes, the ability to allow the dialogue to recede properly into the world of the film is also a really valid sort of way to be a writer, I think.
I learned so much by being an actor, and part of my sort-of development as a writer is big thanks to the scripts I read in my acting life.
This is the world we live in, isn't it? Tons of spin-offs; people reboot things very quickly. I was amazed how quickly they made a Wolverine movie, then, 'Let's do another origins Wolverine movie.'
I think the life of an actor is very glamorous to other people - then, realities set in.
Pittsburgh felt like the perfect size of a city to me. There's enough to do, but it's not like living in a circus. I also really loved how sports-enthusiastic Pittsburgh people are: how proud of their sports they are.
I never imagined myself in a movie with magic.
I did my holy communion, and it was amazing how quickly the stories of the Bible and God and Jesus got under my skin.
I came out of high school, where my heroes were, like, Michael Jordan and a lot of local rugby players - and on the movie front, it was Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone.
Gene Hackman was a superstar in the '70s - with that face!
I'm a great believer in not sitting around waiting for the right part to come around, but jumping in and building it for yourself.
I never really think too much about my voice.
I'd never really imagined myself as an action star.
Even to this day, when I think about the fact that I'm in this 'Star Wars' world, that I'm a half-brother to Darth Vader and an uncle to Luke Skywalker, it's too hard to wrap my head around.
Making a movie like 'Felony' is hard work because you're really putting your own ideas on the screen. You can't hide behind some other person's script; you're saying, 'This is my brain, and I want you to know what I think'.'
There's a certain relief to just being the guy who puts on the costume and walks onset and gets to prance or stomp around in a Ridley Scott or Baz Luhrmann movie.
As an actor, I'm constantly striving to find the darkness in the lighter characters and the lightness in the darker characters.
We are people in circumstances who make choices that we think are right at the time.
I really like kids.
I find it strange when people can't relate to kids, because you were a kid once, you know?
I would have happily done 'Bourne Legacy,' but a lot of decisions are made for you.
I tend to take on a lot of things. And then they all just seem to happen at once. Or maybe I'm not good at saying 'No'. But the juggling's fun.
Stunt work offers a diversity of roles and, while I'm used to anonymity, I really like showing off and performing in front of camera, though I know my limitations.
So many people wait around for funding, and if they're unsuccessful, they don't make the film; if you've got a good idea, that seems so pointless. There's always a way of doing it; you've just got to find it.
There's a stage where you're desperate to get a job, and you're waving your hands in a sea of nothingness, going, 'Please, please, please! I'm over here - give me a job!'
I never sing out loud because I'm afraid people will go, 'Shut up!'
I'm not saying I'm a family guy, but maybe that's what people see in me: some kind of paternal quality.
I couldn't do 'Eleanor Rigby' because it was clashing with another project - something I was going to go do - something with Liv Ullmann.
If I'm going to work for twelve hours a day, I want twelve hours of awesomeness!
Sometimes Hollywood manages to knock a movie in its teeth so hard that it never manages to get back up.
To me, Hollywood seems a little bipolar. Things happen; things don't happen. Someone's in a movie; someone's not in a movie. I've learned not to build my expectations.
You can road-test relationships.
I worked for a big department store, and strangely, on my first day, they put me in charge of Christmas wrapping. I didn't know how to wrap a present and make it not look like it fell off a truck.
I don't call acting a real job, and writing is a hobby.
I wanted to make a redemptive thriller that didn't end with some kind of big, crazy shootout and blood spill, but more of a collision of ideas and a discussion of ethics.
Some of us are better at owning the responsibility of our actions than others.
There's never been a mathematical equation that says a good experience making a movie equates to a good movie, or a bad experience on a set is going to lead to a bad movie.
I always kind of aim with the action stuff to make it feel like, as an audience member, you're experiencing what the people are experiencing. As soon as you go into slow-mo or repeated edits, shooting it like it's a stunt, it takes it out of that reality. The more real you make that stuff, the more tense it will be.
I think the great thing about characters is the ways that they can be surprising. I mean, sometimes you think you've got a lock on a personality, even just in life, and then they'll shock you by their behavior.
Actors want to act; actors want to emote. It's like the emotional equivalent of tearing your shirt off and screaming to the heavens: you want to express, and you want to be seen to be expressing.
I love so much what I do that I spend so much time thinking about it, and then I go home, and then I'm thinking about it, so it's nice sometimes when a movie is over, and then the niggling feelings about whether you've did it right or not start to ebb away.
I think the great thing about religion is it's there to teach us the good path and that we're all equal, that we should be treated as such.
Sometimes I think being an actor is like being a dog for a director; it's like they throw a stick, and you want to fetch it and bring it back to them. You want a pat on the head for it.
When you're constantly involved in domination, what you're really looking for is constant highs.
I remember being bullied at school, and I remember being cruel to other kids.
I was a good boy; I was never in trouble for anything.
All I can say is working with Ridley Scott is a dream come true.
I really believe guilt finds its way out of a person.
One wrong move, and you destroy your career.
Polo is like playing golf with a saddle, and there are a lot of moving parts.
Really, no-one is bad except for serial killers and dictators.
Getting the call from Ridley Scott made me think that sometimes you just need to go to work.
I'm pretty skeptical about Hollywood and its fascination with the sequel and the franchise.
What an audience decides about where certain characters come from is really up to them.
Whenever you're trying to do your own take on a classic piece of literature, it's almost like you're trying to swim up your own stream or drive down your own path.
Sometimes I just wonder if I'm being led by variety. If one film leads me down one path, sometimes I just want to turn around and head the opposite way for the next project. I hope that's not the case, but sometimes I suspect that.
I'm a bit of a workaholic.
I don't want to be too power-hungry.
I don't appreciate, really, talking to journalists when there's a sense of wanting to kick up dust to sell more papers or get more hits on their Internet site.
Unfortunately, the Egyptians weren't the greatest artists in the world.
I was raised Catholic, and I remember in all the pamphlets and pictures we'd look at, Jesus was basically blonde with blue eyes. He kind of looked like Jared Leto.
Cultures render their icons in their own image. Which comes down to vanity, in some sense.
I always wonder why people cast me in anything.
The downside to making movies at a gallop like we did with 'Wish You Were Here' is that we're shooting four or five scenes in a day, and it's very exhilarating, but you worry at the end of the day that you missed some details because you were moving too quick, and you just gotta trust and be ready straightaway.
People talk about the difference between working on stage and working on film. I think you could say that there are as many differences between working on low budget films and working on big budget films. You really are doing the same thing, but at the same time you're doing something vastly different as well.
I had a bit of a martial arts background from when I was a teenager: I did a bit of karate.
I always kept myself fairly fit.
I had a black belt in Shotokan as a kid.
Part of the privilege of being an actor is the people you get to work with.
I oftentimes find with movies that the heavier the onscreen situation is, the more levity there is off screen. It's almost out of necessity.
I reckon I would be able compare anything to anything else if you gave me enough time.
The Australians are actually the worst of the criminals from the United Kingdom, but not worst as in toughest. They're the ones who did stupid little things and got caught for it. Bad criminals.
I'm the great-great-grandson of a sheep stealer.
People love boxing, but you've gotta wait two or three years for your favorite boxer to have a fight.
The best jujitsu practitioners are really serene and grounded.
I operate under the theory that all publicity is good publicity, and then, if that theory doesn't work, you just say that any newspaper article ends up on the bottom of the parrot cage. But, of course, you can't line a parrot cage with Internet bloggers, can you?
I think it's great to be able to go and watch a short film before you watch a feature.
It's easier to play aggression and malevolence onscreen, often, than to hit softer notes.
I learned a great lesson early on, even before I was really an actor, from that movie 'Planes, Trains & Automobiles' that John Hughes made: that you could make a movie that's really, really, really, really funny, and sometimes you can still achieve... making the audience feel very deep emotions as well.
I don't have any kids of my own.
The little bit of buzz around 'Warrior' led to a lot of opportunities anyway, before the movie even came out.
It's funny how sometimes you learn things off the Internet before they're actually told to you.
Australians and the British are very similar: If you try and stand out in any way, and you try to reach for success, someone is gonna be there to cut you down.
I spent a lot of time outdoors as a kid.
Blue Tongue Films is a very important part of my life.
In Australia, there aren't a lot of people committed to art, so these communities form that are dedicated to music, theater, cinema, but they're very small. So, they tend to move ahead on the power of collaboration, enthusiasm and creativity.
To me, 'Warrior' was a real turning point - probably one of the greatest experiences I've ever had as an actor on set.
Gavin O'Connor, I'd walk into a fire for that guy. He's a brilliant filmmaker and a passionate man.
I do know one thing: it's best not to read the Internet.
The narrator of a documentary often comes in at the last minute and takes some of the glory they don't deserve.
To me, I think I'm just going to keep focused and forward on what I'm doing, work-wise, rather than searching for any kind of meaning in it.
The only way for you to show what you can do is to actually do.
The nature of human beings is that we're competitive, and the chances are there's someone out there who's going to work harder than you and want it more than you.
What makes a really great fighter is a combination of ingredients: one is everything physical that you can do, and the other is what's mentally there for you. And I think that comes down to how big your heart is and what's driving you.
