Swedish,Actor
If I play a villain, I try to find his lightness and his good side. And if I play a hero or a good guy, I'll try to find his darkness or his flaws. Because I don't believe in good and evil. I believe in grays.
I've hurt people unnecessarily when it was about my own insecurities. But you have to make those mistakes to become a better person.
The north of Sweden is very socialist and poor. They feel left out and despise Stockholm in many ways because Stockholm has become new liberals and much more Americanized.
In Sweden, there's a lot of talk of gender equality. That discussion isn't as prevalent in the U.S. I feel that successful American women are tougher than Swedish women - they create their space.
I think that in Sweden and a lot of European countries, there's this whole mythology of the wounded artist: that you can't really do any great art unless you're suffering.
We all can relate to people's weaknesses. We might put up a facade that everything is perfect but none of us are. When we see that weakness in somebody else, we understand or give ourselves a little bit of leeway.
I'm happy that people have watched and appreciated my work. That's why I'm doing it.
There's a lot of neuroscience now raising the question, 'Is all the intelligence in the human body in the brain?', and they're finding out that, no, it's not like that. The body has intelligence itself, and we're much more of an organic creature in that way.
In philosophy, they talk a lot about humans being actual organic machines, and the idea of free will is something that we've made up. We actually don't have free will. We're acting according to our programming as organic mechanisms.
Have you seen these Japanese hospital droids, or humanoids, or whatever they call it? They've perfected the skin, and the skin looks so real. They have these motors between the eyes for when they smile. It's just mind-blowing.
Swedes are a really humble and shy people in many ways, but I think it's pretty much the same as in the U.S. Little girls want to take photographs with me at lunch.
I went to high school in Texas for one year, my senior year. My parents wanted me to get out of Stockholm because I was running with the wrong crew. They wanted me to get back to my roots.
I usually have pretty good intuition on projects that I work on.
I hate pork rinds. I couldn't imagine how anybody would ever get the idea of taking skin from a pig and frying it and then trying to sell it to people. And then people actually buy it to eat it. That is the true sign of the decline of the human race.
I miss the Swedish women on the first day of spring cause they all just blossom in the most incredible way.
I really want to live in New York. That's the city of my dreams.
I don't think there have been many alien movies where the actors have actually seen the aliens.
Being an actor in movies is a lot about the power of your imagination and making the circumstance real to you so the audience will feel that it's real.
We don't know why we are here and the context of our role in the universe, and the thought of an infinite universe. It's something the human mind can't really grasp. It's statistically impossible that there's not life on other planets.
It's technically demanding to shoot in 3-D. It's an extra element. Also, just the size of the cameras. They look like these 'Transformers' monsters; they are incredibly big, many of them.
I think I've seen the first 'RoboCop' like 15 or 20 times. I'm like a kid that way.
I think for a lot of people that had seen me do 'Snabba Cash', after watching 'The Killing,' I think they got a sense that I could do different kinds of characters.
I always look for good stories and good characters, and if they're placed in a whodunit, then I'm interested.
'The Killing' has a really great combination of qualities: Even though it's very sad and deals with mourning and grief, it's still exciting. It's about real people and it doesn't shy from the painful points of life.
In Sweden, I went to an English school, where there was a mishmash of people from all over the world. Some were diplomatic kids with a lot of money, some were ghetto kids who came up from the suburbs, and I grew up in between. There's a community of second generation immigrants, and I became part of that because I had an American father.
We're all a big hippie family so I got five sisters and a bunch of different mothers. Not really, but my sisters' mothers are all good friends with my mother. We're a big family, 25 people.
My impression was, 'This Hollywood thing doesn't seem too hard.'
A lot of the friends I had went on to become criminals.
In terms of whether my mom was influential, I think she instilled a certain way of thinking in me quite early: having a reflective mindset regarding my actions and trying to find the underlying reasons to behavior. I think that's quite helpful when you're trying to understand a character.
My parents got married when I was 12.
The way I live my life or conduct myself when I have a problem is very different from many of the characters I play.
I'm a pretty good chess player.
I speak English with my dad and Swedish with my mom; it's quite schizophrenic.
I always identified myself as non-Swedish. I was never discriminated against, because I looked Swedish and speak without an accent. But I had an outsider's perspective.
I was a Swedish guy who listened to Too Short.
When I first came to the States, I thought I had a perfect American accent, and then I was abruptly becoming aware that it wasn't. So I did have to work on it a little bit, but I was hesitant working on it because I thought it was good.
I've learned to steer away from the wrong kind of woman for me.
Moving in is almost a bigger step than getting married.
Nobody wants to be depressed - everybody's trying to feel better; when they strive and fail, it's all the more poignant.
We retell our favorite stories. That's what we've done since we were sitting around campfires. It's a part of the human spirit. It doesn't have to be negative to creativity. It can be completely opposite. That's how you can break new ground: by rethinking something that's already been done.
I loved 'The Artist.' I thought it was fantastic.
In most scripts, one or two characters have a lot of colors.
I think I'm a boxer, but then when I get hurt, I'll start scrapping.
We remake 'Hamlet' all the time. That's sort of what we do, humans.
I'm a crybaby.
It's very nice to be in a show where your vanity is completely out of the picture.
I think 'The Wire' is my all-time favorite TV show. It's so brilliant, the way it critiques society, and how it handles that everybody who gets power loses their moral code and stops going to the root of the problem and just tries to maintain their own power.
I love 'Breaking Bad.' I'd watch Bryan Cranston read the phone book, for days.
I'm battling with keeping my narcissism at bay as it is, so Twitter was not a good thing for that.
Mid-range to low-budget movies have to have a name in the lead to get financing for it.
Sometimes if you start a relationship when you're young, you're not as fully developed as a person. You need a relationship that lets you develop in different ways. You need to bounce off different people.
I'm a pretty light and light-spirited person; I'm not a depressed guy.
I'm not a method actor per se, but if I'm playing a character that, at its core of its persona, has experiences I don't have, I try to search out and get firsthand experiences of similar sorts so I have something to fantasize about.
When it's a moral grey zone, the audience has to think about what they feel and what they think is right or wrong. You want to affect your audience and make them think.
What I enjoy most with acting is when it's a good scene with one or two other actors, and you feel a strong connection, and you don't know how you're going to respond, and everybody is listening to each other and getting affected by each other, and even though you've rehearsed it many times, it feels like it's happening right now.
It's so scary to go on stage. I used to throw up before I went on stage, every time.
A big moment for me was when I did a play that was a new adaptation of Dostojevskij's 'Crime and Punishment,' and I played Raskolnikov. It was actually the first thing I did when I got out of acting school.
We are all a unique person with everyone we meet.
We have nobility in Sweden, and it comes from the old British aristocracy.
All of our colleges are free in Sweden, but this acting program is the second most expensive education for the government. It's difficult to get in. There are around 1,500 applicants, and 10-12 applicants are accepted each year. I was accepted, and I studied there for five years.
An amateur can be great in front of the camera, but you need an education to get on stage where you have full control as an actor.
I'm a bit like a chameleon with my accent.
It's hard to act with just your jaw.
