British,Actor
I'm grounded in who I am, and I am a confident black man. A confident, Nigerian, black, chocolate man. I'm proud of my heritage, and no man can take that away from me.
There is a level of appreciation for brothers and sisters in the hood.
You know, we all can do bad, and we all can do good.
Like any other actor, my agent called me with an opportunity. It just so happens that the opportunity was the lead in 'Star Wars.'
My biggest challenge is to not do urban movies for the rest of my life, those alpha hoodies.
When I was in primary school, I was given a five-line script in 'Anansi the Spider Man,' and I decided to just improv and make it my own. For a second, I felt like Kevin Hart because everyone was laughing. I just continued to do it. Why not?
My stormtrooper suit would chip underneath the armpits and in between the thighs. So they had to do a lot of editing for my costume and shave some areas down.
'Attack The Block' is an alien invasion film set in South London. It's about a group of kids who are some petty thugs, who have to find the hero in themselves, when they attack.
I remember my manager telling me, 'Be myself, be humble, keep rooted, keep God first'. Those words were very helpful.
I like my women very green; you know, eco-friendly.
Some people feel fulfillment from a bitter end - it gives them some sort of sense of reality. But, when you're dealing with reality, I feel like films should discover the part that is happy.
My dad is a minister, and my mum is a worker with the less fortunate and the disabled. They're Nigerian natives. Their first language is Yoruba, and their second language is English.
My dad's a Pentecostal minister, meaning that he's full of charisma. If he's telling a story about Noah's ark, you best know each tiger is going to be having their own little conversation and narrative.
Normally you hear about Southeast London, and you hear about all the stuff that goes on down there, all the negative things, and the tabloids kind of stay away from all the positive things that happen that I see every day, which kind of outshines the negative.
The scripts that I've been getting are of epic proportion. People want me to lead the big armies.
I've been getting diverse roles.
In the States, you have a little bit of freedom to audition for different kinds of roles.
In this life, it's not hard to do wrong.
Who wouldn't want to be in 'Star Wars?' It'd be great.
Acting careers don't come out fully formed - not unless your name is Jaden Smith and your dad has done it all.
I've had plenty of lessons about film acting and theatre acting.
I'd like to be in anything that tells a good story and has an interesting character.
It's amazing that people still feel, 'Oh my gosh, it's a black guy.' We've been here for a long time; let's get used to it. Let's get used to other cultures.
Portray the world for what it is, and you will find truth.
I love London. I'm a London fanatic. That's my city.
Film is just a great medium to express yourself and a great environment to work around.
