American,Actor
I'm lucky enough to be with someone, and I am happy.
I actually got stabbed at my friend's bachelor party. In real life.
A lot of stand-up comedy guys, when they get a little famous, just give up their stand-up career, and it cancels out the thing that set them apart.
I just love that spirit that makes people do things that they probably shouldn't.
I pretty much operate on adrenaline and ignorance.
Coal mining is tough. Acting is just tedious.
I want to do dramas. I want to do comedies.
You can tell it's good if you light it and a blue flame comes up; that means it's good moonshine and it won't make you go blind.
I love Louisiana. It's amazing.
I don't care what other people think.
I think everyone roots for the underdog.
It's a real primal thing, watching someone get hurt. It's funny and accessible.
You were about five feet short of a ten feet jump?
I love the tabloids except for when I'm in 'em.
It's just an unhealthy way to approach something, trying to outdo your last thing. You've gotta trust evolution, you've gotta trust that the bar is moving, that you don't need to force the bar. It'll just happen.
What calmed me down finally was when my girlfriend got pregnant.
I have a whole slew of doctors. I can count eight in my phone right now - eight different doctors, all for different parts of my body. I have specialists.
Everything you see on screen is real. By doing what we do, there's naturally going to be a lot of grimacing. And whimpering.
Suffering will get you great footage. I don't know about closer to God. Although there have been times when I've suffered to the point where I think I might be about to meet him.
I'm so uncoordinated, I can't really do that much, so my specialty is standing in one spot or holding on to something, like an exploding rocket or a jetski.
Doctors have told me I have a high pain threshold, but I can only know what I feel. I think I'm good at minimising the pain and being indifferent to it.
Everyone gets hurt, but I've probably had the most injuries.
I'm the fun dad, I am also the disciplinarian.
When I used to go into bars people would try and fight me. Women would punch me 10 years ago or put cigarettes out on my arm or my face. But it doesn't seem to happen any more. They show us a lot of love.
People try to challenge me in bars every now and then. As long as they're not physical I just walk away, but if they get physical then I just end up in a fight.
If someone hits me I consider it a challenge.
