American,Actor
Playing a bad guy is always a freeing experience, because you don't have the same envelope of restrictions as you have playing a good guy. Good guys restrain themselves; they kind of have their moral fiber cut out for them in varying degrees.
For a while, I was saying 'no' way too often. I turned down 'An Officer and A Gentleman,' 'Splash' and 'Midnight Express.' I could name you tons more. I would go off and experience life instead of working - I was learning to fly jets, went on an African safari, sailed the Caribbean - which wasn't necessarily bad.
You feel alive to the degree that you feel you can help others.
He lives with his creativity in high gear.
The first thing I ever rode when I was a kid was a motorcycle, so I knew how to drive a motorcycle before a car.
Having kids is something you can't always do. Kids are like lightning. You grab that lightning when you can get it.
Oh yeah, dancing's part of my soul. I enjoy it, it makes people happy, and it makes me happy.
Something can happen in your life, and you might want and need something different from your spouse. Most people forget that you have to create relationships. The allure of the first years settles down, and at that moment, you better start creating it; otherwise, you're going to lose out.
I'm realizing that for so much of my life I had an older viewpoint; I saw things as an older person. That's common among change-of-life babies. So I have this dichotomy where I'm either, like, super young or feel like I'm coming to the end of my years.
I'm from a working-class family. We didn't have a lot, but we had the arts. You're talking to a guy who is making a living at doing what he loves doing - acting, singing and dancing. So any career ups and downs were not that significant to me; the only things that really powerfully impinged on me were my losses, and there were many in my life.
Scientology is one of the least homophobic religions. It's not very interested in the body at all.
There are unwanted emotions and pain that goes along with any birth.
Your life starts to take shape at 30. You don't have to make excuses for who you are anymore.
I've always thought of, of a relationship with an actor to an audience as a marriage, you know. And a story, you know. And there are ups and downs, and you work through them, and you work with them.
I don't believe in regrets; I believe your future is in your tomorrows.
Sports, entertainment and aviation are three of the most exciting professions in the world; you are dealing with the same magnitude.
I don't want to create controversy; I just have an opinion on things, and there is nothing wrong with stating your opinion if you are asked. Everyone wants that right, and because you are famous doesn't mean you have less of a right.
I'm definitely working class, and I still believe in those values. I know that losing everything would not be an unfamiliar feeling. Meaning, if you don't have it anymore, you didn't have it to begin with.
So you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna do something really outrageous, I'm gonna tell the truth.
And now after all this time I finally figured out how to trap him... I will become him.
You just activated a nuclear warhead, my friend.
I have to believe there's some other life force out there. I don't know in what form. But we can't have all these galaxies and universes without something going on.
I will direct one day, but I have a feeling that it will be very limited.
It's hard to make a cultural phenomenon every time.
I was just thinking of James Dean and Marilyn Monroe and how young they were when they died. I would like to be a pop icon who survives. I would like to be a living icon.
I have a dance background. I have an athletic background.
People make judgments about Scientology, but often they don't know what they're talking about.
I love being regarded as a sex symbol, but I can't take it too seriously.
It's the interviewee's job to know that his privacy is going to be invaded on some level. Otherwise, you are better off not doing the interview.
It's easier to be responsible for the decisions that you've made yourself than for the ones that other people have made for you.
Most people forget that you have to create relationships. The allure of the first years settles down, and at that moment, you better start creating it; otherwise, you're going to lose out.
I was suited for fame, and I mean that in the most non-egocentric way. I don't mind gearing my life towards privacy. It's my nature.
Dancing's part of my soul. I enjoy it, it makes people happy, and it makes me happy.
When I was a very little boy, I lived underneath the air pattern of LaGuardia airport in New York and I watched the planes fly to their destinations. I was in love with the design of these airplanes.
I love Scientology. I've been involved for 38 years, and I don't think I'd be here without it because I've had a lot of losses and different negative things that have happened over the years and it really got me through brilliantly.
When I was 8, I got a little toy propeller plane: You could turn it on and the people disappeared from the little windows and stewardesses appeared, and it ran along the ground.
I love watching old movies, and some of the holiday-themed ones are really great. I also have a bizarre thing that I'll do: I'll turn on a foreign-language TV station, usually Spanish, and watch a whole show, riveted, even though I have no idea what anyone is saying. I don't know why I find that so addictive, but I do!
I have fame on the level of a Marilyn Monroe or an Elvis Presley, but part of the reason I didn't go the way they did was because of my beliefs. People make judgments about Scientology, but often they don't know what they're talking about.
As you get older, you have to force yourself to have new dreams. For instance, I've been flying for 37 years, but now teaching others to fly is interesting for me. Sometimes you have to find new angles on life to keep you interested, like sharing successes and inspiring and helping others.
I am not at all computer literate in real life. I haven't yet found a reason to be. Once I find a reason why I need to be on the Internet, then I will be.
The good and wonderful thing about my whole career is that I've always felt that the audience, if I do it well, will track wherever I go, whether it's President or a lawyer or bad guy or good.
I was always a character actor, basically, that sometimes looks like a leading man.
