American,Actor
You can tell if someone is about social intercourse or just about browbeating somebody with their opinion. It's no fun arguing with a closed-minded person.
People have come to me for my opinion since 'October Baby.' But, hey, look, I'm an actor who is very fortunate to be in a movie that's making wonderful noise, and hopefully helping parents and children to be a little closer. Leave me alone. I'm not talking about politics. I'm just trying to have a conversation with my own kids.
In 'Hardflip,' you have a relationship where the father and son haven't seen each other in 18 years, but they find they're very alike: pigheaded, stubborn, passionate. It's a wonderful story of how you can't get away from how similar you and your children are.
There are young people having babies every day that cannot possibly take care of them, and, as people who believe that every life is beautiful, we need to make them aware of another choice - to give that beautiful life up for adoption.
Passion is different than desire. People that are successful recognize passion. You have to be willing to work at it. I love the image of pushing a boulder uphill - it will flourish you.
The normal storyline of a horror film or a slasher film is the young, beautiful college folks go camping and get systematically killed by the person in a mask. So that's how it normally is.
Not many skeletons left in my closet because I invite them to dance all over the front room!
I believe you should be a gentleman, and that's old-fashioned.
If it's tough believing what you believe, then maybe it's time to move. But if you are someone who militantly enforces your opinion about anything, then you need to get out of town.
I'm a good dad and a fair husband and I work quite a bit. That takes up a fair amount of time.
When you boil it down, most movies are message movies. And I think careers are made in message movies.
I'm from New York, I'm 53, I have my moments when I'm a nice guy, and more frequently I have my moments where I'm a middle-aged aggravated person. For years I was always the nice guy, so in life I had to pretend to be the nice guy.
It's been a while since I've been to church, but you don't get unborn again.
I'm not a Christian for your benefit. I'm a Christian for my benefit, and how I walk my walk is my business, and how you walk your walk is your business.
When a script like 'Hardflip' comes along, with a real depiction of the rewards of a father-son relationship but also the difficulties of building one, you have my attention.
You can make a really good film for under a million dollars, like 'October Baby,' or under a half million, like 'Hardflip.'
A financial shift happened with 'Facing the Giants' and 'Fireproof,' where movies that were faith-based films were profitable. And people in Hollywood - like people in downtown U.S.A. - are out to make money.
I'm a good dad and a fair husband, and I work quite a bit.
'Gut' was my nickname. And I was picked on terribly by many, many kids.
I weighed 245 pounds when I was 16 years old. I had a 44-inch waist. And that was two years before 'Dukes of Hazzard' started.
It seems like people are more likely to tell you you've gotten too thin than to tell you you've gotten too fat.
I had a working mother. She worked for IBM. My dad lived in another town - not very far away, but another town. So food was - I guess food was my friend.
I'm actually from Mt. Kisco, New York, which is in Westchester County, and when I auditioned for 'Dukes,' I told them I was from Snailville, Georgia, which doesn't exist, and I'd just graduated first in my class from the Georgia School of High Performance Driving, which also doesn't exist. But they bought it.
Friends don't let friends jump cars.
Shows have a tendency to end when they're over. 'The Dukes of Hazzard' has not ended for the fans, and it has not ended for the cast or the crew, and I'm very proud to be a part of that.
I've been involved in the offering-up-adoption-as-another-choice business for a long time.
