American,Actor
TV is the best babysitter.
Kids are at my level. I like goofing around with them.
Yeah, the material's been good so far, although I'm sure there's got to be a drought coming someday.
Basically, though, I'm just lucky to love what I do for a living.
Like, every couple of months you read, they rewrite, you come back in, they've animated more stuff - they usually videotape you while you're reading it - so they'll incorporate some gestures and some facial expressions into it.
This happens to be that the power of laughter and love would beat out the power of fear every time. You know, I hate to sound corny about it but it's true, and I think that's what this movie is about.
When I was a kid, I loved Popeye, but the old ones, the real old ones.
I hated Woody Woodpecker and Scooby-Doo, but I was a cartoon freak.
I flew into New York for the Raising Arizona audition, and we just started joking around.
I'd bowled a lot, but I never really had proper lessons.
It was cool for a couple of weeks, but how much bad golf can you play?
Believe me, nobody likes to loaf more than me.
I don't need the bread, but it's nice to do something creative.
That was all Rose, and Rose knew what she was doing. Her main thing was story.
Then I started checking out blues albums from the library and playing the harp along with them.
I'm really getting to appreciate traditional jazz now - the New Orleans stuff - a lot more than I did before.
But I'm not as bad as Al Pacino - he doesn't even know what month it is half the time when he's working.
As far as I know, the guys at Pixar are opposed to a Monsters, Inc. sequel.
I'd like to come back because I really miss doing situation comedy.
If you want to direct, you've got to work.
I'm just a lazy boy. I'd rather sit in my recliner and act.
It was a fight for a very long time. After the end of the first season, all that was done.
Pardon me for loitering in front of an orchestra.
Social Security's future has gotten worse, and each year we delay reform adds to the cost we are pushing off onto our children.
People in Medicaid ought to have access to the same insurance as the rest of the population. If they are segregated, it will be a poor plan for poor people.
