American,Actor
Our feet are planted in the real world, but we dance with angels and ghosts.
There's something cool about being a stealth classic.
I always think that in some way, art is the best tool we have to prepare for death. It's like a sculpture that you can interpret differently every time you look at it.
The things that interest me are less to do with perhaps finding myself and more to do with surviving and mercy and forgiveness.
Queerness isn't just Lady Gaga and overpriced drinks and fauxhawks. It's James Baldwin and Bea Arthur and Gertrude Stein and Gore Vidal.
In rock and roll, homosexuality was accepted, but it was less cool to say it.
As you get older, you treasure the beautiful things of the past but also see things more clearly.
Humor without sadness underneath it feels cheap and aggressive.
What's interesting is that some of the things I'm interested in talking about is a story which has to do with the second half of your life, which can be told through Hedwig's voice because she's older. If the timeline is consistent, she's as old as me.
I realized that theater was the perfect thing for me, in short bursts of intense community building.
My favorite model of success is when people say, 'Nobody bought that first Velvet Underground album, but everyone who did started a band.'
I like making art that's useful to people who have a harder road. Art is a tool to get through it; it's a tool to prepare for the worst. By envisioning it in an artistic context, you can make sense of it before and after it happens.
I think as far as themes, 'Hedwig' is about what music meant to you as a kid and how rock n' roll can save you; that is definitely part of it.
I was brought up very Catholic, and the character of Tommy Gnosis got his name from there.
'Hedwig' isn't particularly based on me, but I think that it is autobiographical in terms of emotion.
The think that we hung the film version all on was 'Hedwig' on tour. On stage, it's one theatre, one show. It just seemed natural to change it. In the film, we were able to go to flashback rather than have her talk to the audience. And we had the play to practice and to see where we had made mistakes.
I am just touched at how strongly the real Hed-heads feel. It feels different from other kinds of devotees; maybe it's the way I felt with certain bands when I was a kid. It feels like a band more than a play.
I never even had a MySpace.
User-comments culture is not useful for creating original work, I think.
I'm all for information diets, which are helpful for the mood and for the art.
People know what 'Hedwig' is now, and that's wonderful. It's not the same as being swamped for being on 'The Big Bang Theory,' but it's much more comfortable.
After the first 'Hedwig,' interestingly, I was offered to play Hamlet a couple of times.
My favorite playwright is probably Samuel Beckett, and he was always laughing at the abyss.
'Hedwig' was pretty much all the things I wanted to do that other people said I probably shouldn't do: drag, punk rock, stand-up comedy... You know, combine them all in a thing that's supremely uncommercial from the objective point of view.
Neil Patrick Harris is a superman of entertainment.
Some people go off to an ashram or they, you know, have a midlife crisis and buy a sports car. For me, I do 'Hedwig,' and I see it's a midlife crisis maybe, and I see what's next. And it's a good trampoline, maybe, into the next part of my life.
I love a good party.
It's cool when frat boys say, 'Yeah, 'Hedwig!' I'd like to see that same thing happen with 'Shortbus.'
I think things are dishonest if they're not aware of sadness.
It's the weird thing that actors do: You jumped across that building because the scene required it.
If I wanted to make a lot of money with 'Hedwig,' I could have spent all my time on it. But that's boring.
Some people end up becoming just a conservator of the one thing they did and making sure they get their merch out and all that.
You get all these French directors who have all these pretty, vacuous stars of their movies - from Jean Seberg on - who have become iconic but were never really good actors.
I like the fact that it's like The Ramones. You just have to change your name, and you're a Ramone. You just have to put the wig on, and you're Hedwig. Women have played it. Gay men, straight men, you know.
I've obviously always been aware of actor-oriented films, being an actor. Altman and Cassavetes were really strong. And then I realized their structures were quite fascinating, too.
'Hedwig' is not autobiographical, but what she goes through is clearly a big metaphor. She doesn't want to be what she is, but she comes to an understanding that what happened to her has actually made her whole.
I'm not interested in replicating 'Hedwig' like a virus.
I studied meditation, knowing it would be a huge new calming skill.
Getting the blood moving through your body does do wonders for your complexion.
Chaos is the natural state, and theater tries to make sense of it, but it's got to be a little messy to be believable.
Nothing is a calling card. Everything is what you do. If you do it in order to get somewhere else, you're not actually doing it. If you're thinking, 'What is the weird thing I want to make with my friends?' money and other things will come later.
Nowadays, the term 'selling out' doesn't exist anymore because everyone is trying to make a living.
The best things happen in the dark.
There are a lot of silly projects out there.
You're on Facebook, and you're supposed to know your sexual orientation at 13... Nobody really knows what's going on at that time, and people seem to... know stuff, or they have to act like they do, and they make decisions before they really need to.
I like all kinds of input.
Obviously, when you get into larger budgets, you have less of that freedom, and I just - I'm not a person that tends to make stories for those larger budgets. To me, it's not much fun to have that kind of pressure.
Acceptance and assimilation, you know, breeds mediocrity and perhaps an even more sheep-like conformism in terms of what kind of music you're supposed to listen to if you're gay... What are you supposed to look like? What's your body supposed to look like?
I'm an honorary old Jewish lady of the West Village.
I have a weird propensity to know what's going to happen in the future.
I sometimes buy albums that I don't like now, but that I know I will like. Coming out was the same thing. In high school, I thought, 'I know I'm going to have to deal with this, but I'm not confident enough now.' But when I finally did, my whole life changed.
My mom was a little weepy. My dad was very logical about it. Once they realized you can't change, they wanted to know that you can be happy and be gay. Once they realized that, they were very cool about it.
I thought, 'O.K., if I'm a valuable person and an independent entity, then I don't have to worry about what people think of me. I can reach out now.'
Bob Fosse, even though he wasn't gay. He was certainly queer and had a huge effect on the 'Hedwig' film, as did Hal Ashby and Robert Altman, who had a weird butch queer feeling about him. His films almost flirted with camp but in an extremely realistic acting way.
The people that were most interesting were always questioning the status quo.
I think it helped me like myself more, playing Hedwig.
I remember being afraid of doing drag when I was younger because I didn't really like my feminine side - most gay guys at some point are told that that's the worst part of you, so that becomes a negative thing.
I did take comfort in the vespers and compline. I might have become a monk if I hadn't come out.
I actually came out the year that AIDS hit the front pages. So there was this mixed feeling about it - excitement that life's finally begun, but it was completely tied up with mortality and danger and politics.
You can make serious pop, you know? There was a time when the best movies were the most popular, and I keep thinking that can happen again.
New York is so unique, and you are not always encouraged to consider the people in the city your neighbors because of the fast pace and surface anonymity.
I don't regret anything, because I feel better every year, and if I'd done something different, maybe I wouldn't. I'm more of a whole person, the older I get.
Drag is a little scary, especially for a gay man who's not comfortable with his feminine side.
London is the English-speaking theatre capital.
Doing 'Hedwig' totally contributed to my acceptance of myself.
I've always liked a good joke that everybody can laugh at.
I really want as many people as possible to relate to something, without compromising or dumbing down.
I come from the theater, and there is a real collaborative history there.
'Hedwig' is unabashedly analog.
I would love for 'Hedwig' to be in every tiny shopping mall so every freakish kid like I was can have a broadening experience.
Isn't it funny - why is it called a tennis bracelet? It doesn't seem very tennis, does it?
Having been an actor in Hollywood for a certain amount of time, I always felt a pressure to be sort of a neutral person. 'Don't do anything to your hair. Don't tell them your age. Don't tell them you're gay. Don't tell them anything that could limit you, specify you as a person.' I always hated that, actually moved out of L.A. because of that.
Compared to other liberal cities like San Francisco and Amsterdam, New Yorkers are always trying to do something, make art or love or money or whatever, and they have this phobia about standing still.
