American,Actor
I'd said to my sweetheart a couple of days before that the SAG and Spirit Award nomination was amazing and I had no attachment to the Academy Award. I knew I was an underdog so I just decided to sleep through the announcement.
For the last 20 years of my life, I've had the mantra to do amazing parts with amazing people in amazing projects, so I'm attracted to good story, writing and character and good people. That's what I'm always searching for and I don't think that's ever going to change.
There's a lot of skeletons in my closet!
It's hard to get concert tickets.
Some friends of mine bothered me for a long time about getting on the social networking pages. They were close friends that I liked to mess with, and I think that I kind of enjoyed for a while that it bothered them so much. Now they've just kind of given up.
I do all kinds of roles - nerd, psycho, nerd, psycho, nerd, psycho - and occasionally someone kind of normal. It's weird, when I lived in Austin I was always cast as pretty normal people. But when I moved to Los Angeles I was immediately branded a psycho.
When I realized that you can't necessarily be cast in a really great part living in Austin, even when Hollywood comes to town, I got a demo reel together and headed out west.
I went to a performance of 'The Crucible' at the Guthrie when I was a sophomore in high school, and I knew right away that that's what I wanted to do.
You never really forget who you are. If you did, you'd need to seek some professional help.
I don't have any training as an actor, but I guess I'm an intense pretender. When you read something over and over, it gets into you a little bit. You can't help but begin to feel it, even if you're a healthy person as I think I am.
As an actor, I think a mistake that any storyteller can make is to play the ending.
I don't have actor training myself.
A lot of times, you just don't get the jobs you want to get.
Starting in the mid-'80s, I played in a band called Meat Joy, and we made our own record, toured.
If a musician wants to be an actor, everyone thinks that's pretty cool. But if an actor wants to play a song, even if they've been doing it for 40 years, that's bad news.
I met Robert Rodriguez working on a movie called 'Roadracers.'
I lived in Texas for 10 years.
'The New York Times' thing... I think any actor would be thrilled to be profiled in that paper.
It's probably odd for someone to read an interview where the interviewee is worried about exposure while they're talking in an interview.
You don't really ever think you're that crazy person you're playing.
Hitchhiking was such a pure form of existence. You'd wake up in the morning, and you'd have no idea what your day was going to be. And that's something I've never been able to shake. I loved that.
I'm just looking for the best story being told by the best people and the best part that I can find. If those things add up, I want to be a part of it whether it's a studio film or, more likely in that instance, an independent film.
Part of the way that I work is to observe.
Even the small amount of infamy I have makes me uncomfortable - on a personal level and on a professional level.
I want people to believe me when I play a part and they are less apt to if they know a lot about me and have associations about me.
For me and for I'm sure any actor, each role is a different challenge to prepare for in a different way.
When something gets attention so quickly, people sometimes will look for reasons to find fault and tear it down.
It's not like every director in every movie is seeking me out by any means, there are a lot of things I'm not suited for, a lot of things I'm not interested in, and a lot of things that directors wouldn't be interested in me for.
I've never had any delusions about being a leading man, and it's not sour grapes to say that in the best films that I've always enjoyed, the cliched leading man type isn't a part of the picture.
