Actor
I get bored with the same old film coming out every weekend. It feels like it's the same story all the time, and the same visuals, and the characters' dilemmas are remarkably similar.
I don't like to act in my personal life. I like to be straightforward.
My friends and I make short films. We pretended to rob the Dairy Queen where our friend worked, but someone thought we were real thieves and called the cops! Soon, the cops burst in with guns drawn!
I've had my heart broken, and it's not fun. But I'd rather have my heart broken than break someone else's heart.
I admire when people take the harder path, not because they are masochistic and want to beat themselves up, but because you actually kind of learn more and I think you grow more.
I'm very 'spur of the moment'. I'm always trying to think of fun things to do to create a memory.
If I was painting or writing, I wouldn't veer away from things because they seemed unsavoury to me. So as an actor, I kind of think the same way. I should do things that are different and interesting and shed light on the craziness of the world.
I'm a lot older than my little brothers and sister, so I think I grew up babysitting them.
I became popular very young. I viewed myself as just a young actor trying to figure out how to do well, and, you know, making mistakes and learning and growing.
I'm quiet, and I don't enjoy watching horror flicks, so am I like Zeke? No way.
I don't think there's a problem with being a teen idol, if that happens to me, I'll be happy to deal with it.
You know what? I'm really attracted to British women, there's something innately proper about them. However badly they behave their accent is so cute that it makes up for everything!
Hope is the most exciting thing in life, and if you honestly believe that love is out there, it will come. And even if it doesn't come straight away, there is still that chance all through your life that it will.
You know, I'm not really any good at working out when people are flirting with me. And I think I'm too flirtatious with people I'm trying not to flirt with! What I am good at is making people feel uncomfortable. I don't want to but it always ends up happening!
We made 16 episodes of Cracker and I loved doing the show, but unfortunately no one was watching us.
It's not scary to make a horror film because you get to pull back the curtain and see that none of it's real. When you're watching one, the terror bombards you.
Be honest with yourself and lie to everyone else.
I should be getting photographs of me with my arm around these people like restaurant owners do, because eventually I am going to have to prove to my kids that once I was an actor!
My hat was pulled down and this girl said 'Are you really him?' I whispered 'Yeah, I'm really him.' She screamed, 'Mom! Dad! It's Heath Ledger!
We're all on a journey. The average American switches professions four times. I'm lucky to be in a business where I can change the character I am playing every couple of months.
I had a good time shooting in New Zealand. I almost bought a home there while I was there, because I loved it so much.
My parents are hippies, so I must have a bit of hippie in me.
I don't really comment on my personal life because I feel like any comment at all is opening up a whole can of worms. I'd just rather not talk about who I'm dating.
Up until the age of 16, I was very focused on sport - I played a lot of football. Then I tore my ACL and had to stop playing.
You know, honestly, acting in film is remarkably independent. You're doing your thing and someone else is doing their thing.
I like movies about people and movies with characters; that's what I'm drawn to as a person who likes to create these characters within the story, but I like it all, really.
Not living in L.A. gives me a different perspective. I'm not so caught up in the daily process of self-congratulations that's out there.
You think that if you are the best actor, you deserve the most or if you are the biggest star, you deserve the most. That race just isn't important to me.
I just want to make good films on my own wherever I can.
