American,Actor
I do work too hard sometimes, but my mom is such an inspiration. She tells me to 'chill out' and not take things so seriously. She will say: 'Go and have a massage.'
In life, I'd much rather have people laughing at me than booing me.
Inherently, making a movie is tough because there's so much anticipation when it happens - even if everything goes well.
I think as working actors, it's like sales. You're only as good as your last sale, so you put your all into something and you just hope that from that you can get your next job.
I love '80s movies.
I have a respect for the 3-D computer-generated action movies, but my first love is stuff like 'Lethal Weapon.'
I'm not built for war. I'm built for entertainment. I'm built for jokes - either telling them or being the butt of them.
To me, there's nothing greater than making people laugh.
Anytime where you're challenged, physically or mentally, you rise to the occasion in different ways.
All the things you can do to prepare for a role that free you, in the moment, are great. You have this muscle memory for things. You don't have to act it as much, once you've done it enough.
With drama, you need to be laughing, in between takes, 'cause you're going to those recesses of your soul and those dangerous parts. Normally, if you're not an actor or some crazy artist, you don't feel the need to run around in those areas. You keep them separate because it's painful.
I know about hip-hop culture, whether it's graffiti writing or DJ-ing or being an MC.
When you're an actor or any kind of artist, you use your life as something to draw from in every experience.
I was raised by a single mother.
I'm forever in debt to Nickelodeon. It made me who I am today.
Acting's not therapy, but it can be therapeutic.
I grew up as a really sick kid; I had really bad childhood asthma and was at home all the time in New York.
My favorite actor is Sir Ben Kingsley - nobody is as good as him, in my opinion. I think he's so good as an artist.
Real artists take the misery and sadness of life and translate it into art.
Gratuitous fat jokes always hurt, no matter what.
Not getting girls is the story of my life. I have always had a bit of a tough time with the ladies. I don't know whether it's that I don't have game or just don't feel comfortable in my own skin, but females pick up on that.
I think whether you're a movie critic and have seen a million movies, or you're just a normal popcorn movie watcher, you can tell the difference when someone is just laying it on too thick.
I always had a weight issue since I was a young kid.
I play a lot of basketball.
