American,Actor
I had not met Tina Fey before I auditioned for '30 Rock'. Some people think we're old friends from 'Second City' days. I had always been a fan of Tina's. But I actually never planned on being in a sitcom.
I do uphill skiing; I don't do downhill skiing. I think that's for nerd amateurs.
No, don't learn at karate schools. They overcharge you for karate uniforms. They make you pay, like, fifty or seventy-five bucks just for a karate uniform, and you don't wear a uniform in everyday life, so why train in one? Most fights take place outdoors, not inside with perfect lighting and mats.
I started doing my own animated movies when I was in ninth grade; that's when I got the filmmaking bug. When I was about 16, I started writing jokes for doing stand up, and then I was 19 and started doing stand up.
I need to get a wife. But it's hard, you know, it's hard to find a girl you can trust. Some of these girls, they want to go out with you so they can blog about you.
I had one girl send me an e-mail saying she wants to go out with me, but it's like a two-pronged deal because she wants to blog the date. And I'm like, No! I don't want to be on a reality show.
I never wanted to be famous.
I never got into things to be famous. Sometimes it's fun, sometimes it's annoying.
In Manhattan, I often do two or three or more shows a night, so I'm always working on new material.
Before I started doing '30 Rock', I did about 25 movies. I'd always been doing stand-up every night, and then I would do, like, two to four movies a year. So I really liked doing that, and I want to get back to that, but because of the time commitment to '30 Rock', there's not much time to do that stuff.
I never really planned on doing a television series.
I watch a movie or a T.V. show or whatever; if it's good, I like to watch it more than once, and it's always fun to catch something you didn't see initially.
I'm an extra dark black belt in ping pong.
My act's not heavy on pop culture or stories, just lots of jokes.
Stand-up is kind of like my home base, and doing stand-up in New York is what I like doing most.
When I'm not filming anything or on the road doing stand-up, I'm usually doing stand-up shows every night - usually a few shows a night at different clubs in the city.
I became a wrestling fan in college. So, I was more of a wrestling fan as an adult than when I was a little kid.
I'd like to work with John Waters. I grew up in Maryland, so I'm a huge Waters fan.
Paul Verhoeven might be my favorite director, and I'm serious.
I'm a massive Steven Seagal fan. I know his movies are horrible, but I've watched all of them over and over again. I'd want to do a movie with him and Van Damme.
Let's say there was a fat guy heckling me. I would rip him to shreds, but I would never go for the obvious, never talk about how he's fat or anything.
Sometimes '30 Rock' was a struggle because I'd be doing the show and still be doing stand-up full-time.
I've been doing stand-up since '89.
Stand-up comedy is the most relaxing thing I do. If I want to unwind and de-stress, I go out and do stand-up, often several shows in a night.
I've been doing stand-up just about every night since I started in 1989. It's my home base. But I'm into doing comedy in all mediums, platforms and situations.
Soccer and ping-pong are my two favorite sports to play.
