American,Actor
I like being a villain. Villains are more exciting.
I find it very difficult to relax. I find it increasingly difficult to find outlets for my frustration.
Young alienation, disappointment and heartache is all a part of the first real growing up that we do.
The movie that's had the most effect on me is Jaws. To this day when I'm in the ocean, I'm hearing that music.
I don't have any blindness when it comes to my money. As an actor, you can get distracted by your work. I do keep an eye on my nest egg, if you will.
I'm involved with Recording Artists and Actors Against Drunk Driving. I'm also involved with most children's causes, because children can't help the environment they're in.
Heroes always make the right decision; I find that seldom happens in my life.
A fancy watch, it's completely unnecessary. I just need a watch to tell the right time.
Catcher in the Rye had a profound impact on me-the idea that we all have lots of dreams that are slowly being chipped away as we grow up.
Ice T was just a pleasure to work with. He was a smart gentleman.
I don't know if it matters what country you're from, size of the city you're from, urban or rural, there are people that are hurting each other everywhere.
I always thought that the badge a cop has was more like the shield that Captain America has. It's an obvious sign of good and something you'll protect other people with, but it will also protect you.
It's great to work with people that you like, any job, no matter what you do.
As a kid I had a crush on Sophia Loren and Raquel Welch.
My first love is acting on stage. A sitcom is a hybrid of stage and film.
All of the directors I've worked with I have loved and would work with again. I have no favorites.
I am very grateful to make my living doing what I would do for free.
It's very easy to confuse Sean Connery with James Bond. Sometimes in the entertainment industry, people believe the cake is more real than the baker.
I like every single actor or actress in the world, because we never know what the conditions are like when they are working. I give everyone the benefit of the doubt and root for them like a psychotic sports fan.
My closest friend is canine. I have precious few close friends, and most of them are not actors.
My first paid acting job was a movie called Fandango. It also starred Kevin Costner.
I went to acting school in New York City for two years. I studied with Stella Adler.
Almost anything makes me laugh, especially jokes at my own expense. And I will never, ever admit to being ticklish anywhere.
I took all the philosophy courses I could.
Death is not my best subject.
I just couldn't go back to Suddenly Susan after David Strickland's suicide. I didn't see how we could make the show light and funny any more.
