Indian,Actor
I turned into a monk when my mother went to learn Buddhism in Burma. While she learnt at the monastery, I used to roam around with a begging bowl and ask for food.
I'm not the sort to wallow in nostalgia about the good old days.
I am essentially someone who comes from the theatre. I love the theatre. Unfortunately, theatre doesn't pay the bills. Only in theatre abroad, I get a wage.
I don't believe in murder.
Men are like mascara, they run at the slightest display of emotion.
Delhi is my emotional home. I still dream of owning a home there.
Love is a beautiful feeling.
I'm an international actor, but at the same time, I'm also a Bollywood actor, even though most of my career has been abroad. However, I've always kept in touch with Hindi cinema.
I'm constantly complimented for my voice, even by random people at the airport!
The average Englishman has no idea of the dynamism in the music scene here.
I love the stage, I love the process of acting in theatre, but unfortunately, it doesn't pay the bills.
I also said, men are like curling irons, they never get out of your hair. And they are like government bonds, they take so long to mature.
You are probably right when you say that I could get a role in any producer's film if I just asked.
I have never pressurized a producer to do me any favor.
You see, I have many friends in the Hindi film industry.
I am going to produce a movie of my own. I am not going to stick to the time-tested formulae of Hindi cinema. I want to make a film for the present generation. So there will be a lot of new faces in the film.
Love just happens, you know.
In the 30 years of my career, I have explored all possible mediums, except radio.
Everything has a place and time.
I've dubbed for my roles in Hindi, English, and Italian. Therefore, I'm used to the process. But, dubbing is hard, especially when you are dubbing for a prominent actor.
Honestly, I'm willing to experiment with far more variety in roles than I'm given. But ultimately, it's the producer's decision. But, I've done a variety of roles - the evil don, the evil husband... I've done villainous roles, supporting roles, etc.
Acting was merely a pastime; I wanted to make films. But theatre, ah - now that was a labour of love. Can there be anything better than performing without retakes and cuts, in front of people you can see, hearing them breathe in the darkness of the hall?
Acting is the most insecure profession in the world - you're insecure if you're successful, you're insecure if you're not. A tightrope walk without a net. It's a miracle I'm still standing!
I have the greatest love for the rituals of organised religion - the sense of community and belonging it can confer to people. But me, I'm more a questioner than a follower; not by whim or fashion, but as a decision painfully arrived at after much, much thought.
I adore 'The Chipmunks.'
Vamps no longer exist. Stars have taken their roles.
