Canadian,Actor
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
Money doesn't mean anything to me. I've made a lot of money, but I want to enjoy life and not stress myself building my bank account. I give lots away and live simply, mostly out of a suitcase in hotels. We all know that good health is much more important.
Grief changes shape, but it never ends.
It's always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you're seeing the most beautiful thing on God's Earth.
I am not handsome or sexy. Of course, it's not like I am hopeless.
I'm a meathead, man. You've got smart people, and you've got dumb people. I just happen to be dumb.
Sure I believe in God and the Devil, but they don't have to have pitchforks and a long white beard.
When I don't feel free and can't do what I want I just react. I go against it.
But, you know, it's still a drag to get your picture taken when you're eating a sandwich. It's a downer.
On a good night, I get underwear, bras, and hotel-room keys thrown onstage... You start to think that you're Tom Jones.
I'm Mickey Mouse. They don't know who's inside the suit.
I believe in love at first sight. You want that connection, and then you want some problems.
The simple act of paying attention can take you a long way.
I'm sorry my existence is not very noble or sublime.
I want to make a good, solid kung fu movie.
I do think there must be some kind of interaction between your living life and the life that goes on from here.
My name can't be that tough to pronounce!
I've had the opportunity to work with so many great directors. Different styles, as well, like Gus Van Sant. He just does the casting and the milieu and let's you do your thing, quietly. Bertolucci, who can talk to you about your internal world in quite a creative way or just say, 'Well, put your hand over here.'
Letters are something from you. It's a different kind of intention than writing an e-mail.
It's fun to be hopelessly in love. It's dangerous, but it's fun.
When the people you love are gone, you're alone.
Sometimes when you make a film you can go away for three months and then come back and live your life. But this struck a much deeper chord. I don't have the ability yet to speak about it in an objective.
I try not to think about my life. I have no life. I need therapy.
How do people relate to movies now, when they're on portable devices or streaming them? It's not as much about going to the movies. That experience has changed.
Because we're actors we can pretend and fake it, but I'd rather the intimate investment was authentic.
I think the form, the Hollywood movie, I think the quality is obviously always going to be there and I think that the question of taste, there's always a question of taste.
I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change.
I have a producing partner named Stephen Hamel, and we've been trying to generate material.
I was always interested - I mean, it's kind of part of your job - I was always interested in the camera.
I'm not a photographer, so I didn't get into F-stops or ND filters or background, foreground, cross-light, all that stuff. But I was interested in the camera and the lenses. That's the world that I'm moving in, in terms of acting and giving a performance.
When we talk about how movies used to be made, it was over 100 years of film, literal, physical film, with emulsion, that we would expose to light and we would get pictures.
But I think we're also just talking about the literacy of the audience. The visual literacy of the audience. They've seen so many images now, especially here in the States. There's so much to look at, to watch. So the visual storytelling literacy is harder to impress.
I had the classic 40 meltdown. I did. It's embarrassing. It was pretty funny. But then I recovered. To me, it was like a second adolescence. Hormonally, my body was changing, my mind was changing, and so my relationship to myself and the world around me came to this assault of finiteness.
Oftentimes, when we think of 3D, we think of things coming out of the screen, but actually, you've got this zero, this negative space, what they call the negative space, which is the scene, what's being filmed in the positive space of the audience. As you can have things come out, you can have all of this depth.
'Speed' and 'Point Break' were a lot of running and jumping, and then 'The Matrix Trilogy' had a lot of fights and wire work and green screen elements.
Artists are losing the choice to use film. People have a love for it - the grain, how it feels, the texture.
I think - I don't know, maybe it's nostalgia. But the choice, losing the choice to be able to use film is going to be - it's gone. It's going to be gone.
