American,Actor
You can have all the tools in the world but if you don't genuinely believe in yourself, it's useless.
Medicine really matured me as a person because, as a physician, you're obviously dealing with life and death issues, issues much more serious than what we're talking about in entertainment. You can't get more serious than life and death. And if you can handle that, you can handle anything.
I think everyone's different but in comedy, I try to do my scene to make the director and the other actors laugh. If I can make them laugh and we have the same sensibility, then I'm on the right page.
I really realize the more movies I do just how important - it's so cliche when people say it, because everybody says it nowadays - but it's so important to keep it grounded. I totally understand what that means.
When I finished my residency in New Orleans, I went to L.A. where I would work as a doctor during the day, and then at night I would actually go to The Improv and do standup, all the while kind of cultivating my comedy resume.
I'm not lying, every single project I've done, they've all been great.
There's really no substitute for working hard. I think that's my biggest talent. There are always people who are funnier and more talented than I am, but I don't take anything for granted and I commit myself 100% to each of my roles.
You just can't take the doctor out of you.
I grew up in North Carolina, and I grew up on wrestling.
I'm definitely a people pleaser. I like people to be happy around me and be comfortable. I go out of my way, sometimes to a fault, to make sure everyone is okay.
I wasn't sued out of medicine, I wasn't arbitrated out of the profession.
Sitcom food is by far the tastiest of all showbiz food.
I went to Duke, which is... a Top Five school. Not community college. But whatever.
It was my wife that insisted I do 'The Hangover.'
I have a very simple approach in career: You work with the people you love.
I think I've been asked just about every question under the sun. I'm just really honored that people are even interested in asking me questions.
I'm very blessed that I have such a supportive wife who is secure with letting me embarrass myself.
I always just loved to laugh. I always just loved it as a kid.
