Irish,Actor
Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things.
I think that short films often contain an originality, a creative freedom, an energy and an invention that is inspiring and entertaining. I think they are, as Shakespeare put it, a good deed in a naughty world.
I'm basically quite a cheerful person.
Life is surreal and beautiful.
I'll tell you what I'm grateful for, and that's the clarity of understanding that the most important things in life are health, family and friends, and the time to spend on them.
You go to the airport and look at the bookstand, and you feel the titles are similar, the covers are similar, and you wonder how they can be different.
One of the things that makes Hamlet unique among Shakespeare's characters is his courage to face up to the darker elements of his personality.
I don't find myself so exercised by a desperation to be new.
The long version of the play is actually an easier version to follow. In all of the cut versions the intense speeches are cut too close together for the audience and the actors.
'Thor' has got several big battles in it, a reckless, headstrong young hero who has to confront his past and deal with a complicated relationship with his father, it has lots of savage Europeans hacking each other to death at various points, and all of this sounded very much like 'Henry V.'
What you want is the opportunity to work and an audience. Prizes after that are just a great big bonus.
I started being interested in acting when I heard the voices of Sir Laurence Olivier and Sir John Gielgud and Sir Alec Guinness. I've had the great privilege of working with Sir Derek Jacobi and Sir Anthony Hopkins. These are people who inspire the work that I do.
I am very much looking forward to new adventures - including, I hope, Broadway - sooner rather than later.
In 'Henry V,' the story of the assumption of true and responsible leadership by Henry I think is hard-won. He has to lose friends; he has to risk his life.
Friendship is one of the most tangible things in a world which offers fewer and fewer supports.
It's very strange that the people you love are often the people you're most cruel to.
In Northern Ireland, I truly, effortlessly, knew who I was. I knew where I belonged. I felt completely and utterly secure.
I don't know that there is too far, actually. I think there's only too bad. If it's bad you've gone too far.
Being Irish, I always had this love of words.
I think we love the escapism of something like 'Cinderella,' and I think we do with 'Thor.'
My definition of success is control.
I think the best actors are the most generous, the kindest, the greatest people and at their worst they are vain, greedy and insecure.
We're self obsessed and mad and stupid - not that other people can't be the same way - but the extremes are kind of honest in some mad way. Anyway, I like them.
There is some mysterious thing that goes on whereby, in the process of playing Shakespeare continuously, actors are surprised by the way the language actually acts on them.
The glory of 70mm is the sharpness of the image it offers.
The elasticity of Shakespeare is extraordinary.
A brother who is unhappy is a dangerous relative to have.
I'm by no means an opera buff.
Mozart had a tremendously fertile and creative ear for a catchy tune.
I'm very conscious of the fact the directing career has taken some odd turns. Maybe there's enough bulk where I'm now pigeonholed in the 'eclectic box.'
I think in the wake of the domination of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, everyone is now looking for a grand plan.
I did 'Celebrity' by Woody Allen. I did 'The Gingerbread Man' with Robert Altman. These were big talents.
I've always loved the Bond films.
The idea of accumulating ambitions or achievements didn't get much further than wanting to do the next exciting thing. I really haven't set out with any list of achievements.
I had a friend who introduced me to a meditation practice which involves a couple of half-hours a day of meditation, where essentially you try to achieve a stillness that allows you to just be there in the moment.
I was stuck in a wheelchair playing this deranged villain. I felt this mass amount of rage at being so confined. I thought, 'What can I do that is the direct opposite of this situation?' The only thing I could think of was that I could sing and dance.
For a nanosecond in the pre-Internet pre-digital age, I was a hot young actor, in the sense of popular, and then it passed.
I'm involved in Northern Ireland Screen and have been for a long time, so I keep my eyes open and ears to the ground.
'The Painkiller' is a remarkable play.
Sir Derek Jacobi has been an inspiration to so many actors and audiences throughout his brilliant career. To see him in Shakespeare is an event in itself.
How many times do you read about 'the Cinderella story,' the story of the underdog, the story of the ordinary human being, often subjected to cruelty and ignorance and neglect, who somehow triumphs?
Probably 90 percent of the stuff I make has inevitably been done before... Whether it's playing Hamlet, which has been on the go for 400 years, or pieces from the cinematic world that also have been essayed before, I feel released by that.
I fondly remember good times working on 'Thor.'
I think what you're always looking for as artists is to be honest and to continue to be honestly driven by that which you are passionately engaged with. It should need not be forced.
I am a long-time hide-behind-the-sofa-in-the-early-Doctor Who-in-the-1960s fan.
I liked the fact that 'My Week With Marilyn' wasn't a biopic.
I was studying at the Royal Academy of Arts, and I was playing the role of Dr. Ivan Chebutikin in Chekov's 'Three Sisters.' I was about 50 years too young for the part.
I'm always interested in contemporary fiction.
I was a big admirer of F.D.R. He saved Britain.
What happens is that with difficult processes on a film, they get very intensely compressed because a clock is ticking.
Carrying a movie is both a great privilege, it's a great opportunity, but it can be a great pressure, and sometimes that can make people behave very oddly.
Do you know what I feel about Dr. Who's? I feel the same way as I do about the Bonds. I love them all. I love them all! I don't have favorites.
I would say my voice is actor-neutral.
I saw Derek Jacobi play Hamlet when I was 17, and he directed me as Hamlet when I was 27, and I directed him as Claudius in 'Hamlet' when I was 35, and I'm hoping we meet again in some other production of Hamlet before we both toddle off.
The records - what little we know about Shakespeare, including the records of the plays in his playhouse - were often the story of how quickly they came off if they didn't work. They had to move on. They were absolutely led by box office.
Sometimes I used to think to myself, 'Have I lost a sense of humor?' but I don't think that I have. I think one can be as snarky and sarcastic as lots of people, but I have never found that it makes me particularly happy.
You can't live in nostalgia-land.
A creative and artistic home is what I've been looking for in the theatre.
I come from the theatre; my bones are in the theatre. It's as natural as breathing to want to be in the theatre.
I'm interested in creating new work.
I live in the English countryside, so I'm surrounded by magpies.
It's funny to be in rooms where you were originally referred to as 'The Shakespeare Guy' and to suddenly be in the position where you're 'The Blockbuster Guy.' That's a pretty unusual turnabout, I must say.
Many of us live in dysfunctional families, and so even if it's in a fairy tale, or perhaps because it's in a fairy tale, we have a chance to look at that side of our reflected lives differently.
I think that Shakespeare himself raided fairy tales and chronicle writers, and he always looked to people who worked in the mythic genres, whether it was folk tales or popular novels.
Shakespeare's always on my dance card if it can be.
I'm a devotee of Stephen Sondheim. I think he's a genius.
What I've found about 'Cinderella' is that what it provokes in an audience is really extraordinary. It appears to be a deceptively simple tale, but I've heard nothing but people drawing all different things out of it.
I'm just a normal working class boy from Belfast.
I went to a comprehensive school and didn't go to university.
'Frankenstein' feels like an ancient tale, the kind of traditional story that appears in many other forms.
In the course of my lifetime, that world went from violence to a kind of peace.
I've always loved pure, silly slapstick comedy. It always makes me laugh.
The Chinese say, 'It's good to live in interesting times.'
I suppose, at 50, you value things in a different way. So you value connections, you value your friendships, you value your health, and you are much more aware of time passing.
In the case of 'Jack Ryan,' it was a huge collaboration, and I enjoyed it very much, and most of all, I want the audience to enjoy it, too. I want them to feel immersed in this world.
A lot of the films I've done have links to other movies that I've directed in the past.
I love thrillers, and I always have.
I went to Moscow and met some slightly powerful and scary people.
I suppose that was my first bit of acting, the acquisition of an English accent. It was really just an attempt to be understood.
I think that music is crucially important in Shakespeare - and, clearly, was an important part of the Elizabethan theatre. And, it's always been something that was a profound element of the experience of Shakespeare that I have been drawn to - and interpreters have, as well.
To look out of a car in Scania, you see a painting on the horizontal - one windmill, one tiny farmhouse, acres of beet or grass.
I read the final Wallander novel, 'The Troubled Man,' not long after it was published.
There's always something to think about in terms of problems that are dark and important and immediate and scary.
I think television goes through phases, like other creative arts, where suddenly a group of people are producing exciting work all at once.
I've lived a lot of my life in London, so I often feel that I am a Londoner.
Life is about making plans from which you deviate, almost always. If you are lucky, you do come up with a plan.
Certainly, I'm excited by epic subjects. It doesn't particularly frighten me.
One of the problems with Shakespeare is that you can never give him a ring.
Even in the case of a god, audiences - paradoxically - enjoy recognizing the human traits.
When you cast someone like Natalie Portman, the character can't just be the love interest.
I don't know that the Brits have the monopoly on being organized, but they do have a way of working with which I'm familiar. It's not necessarily the best way, but it's a way.
I think I do have a way of predicting - not always accurately - what is a nerve-wracking day for actors, what may be a difficult scene or a difficult moment, how small - and it may be down to one line - a thing maybe that is upsetting or undermining a performance.
Variety is very, very good. Going from medium to medium, if you get the chance to do it, from theater to television to film, which are all distinctly different, keeps me sharp.
'Jack Ryan' is a very fast-paced, very contemporary, very action-driven thriller.
I did 'Love's Labour's Lost' in the theater and found it to be riotously funny.
Shakespeare is rhythmic; he is musical in the sense that he likes poetry, and he's musical because he constantly refers to settings where there's singing and dancing.
The director needs to be in command on set because everything crumbles if that's not the case.
My experience of great storytelling, working with classics, is just finding a way to present it simply but let the story do its own work, or be an invite to the audience's imagination.
I loved 'Kundun.'
At the end of every stage performance, the audience all applaud me for doing my job, but I have friends who work in offices who don't get that.
For what it's worth, I enjoy 'Dexter,' 'Modern Family,' 'True Blood' and 'Breaking Bad.' I've enjoyed the wonderful 'The Pacific.'
In any given project, there are a few moments where there is the usual disappointment, as it were, when you look in the mirror, and you realize you're not 23 and looking like Brad Pitt.
