American,Actor
I'm interested in raw land and trees and fresh air and rivers and lots of animals around them.
True friendships don't fade in Hollywood, as so many myths about show business would have you insist.
Friends, near or far, are important to us. All of ours have an awareness of other persons' feelings, a courtesy that's inevitable. When I find that consideration in a fan, I'm immediately impressed.
Whenever I get a free day, I drive up to some part of California that looks promising on the map.
Well, I grew up in a tough neighborhood.
That first year at Universal was a big blur and, naturally, I thought they were wasting me. I didn't realize at the time that I was learning my craft and acting more easily in front of the camera.
Some of the greatest writers in our industry can't get work.
Not only that - college doesn't particularly qualify you for the outside world. he world is changing so fast, and college is not. It should strive to be more in tune with the world.
Meanwhile, Cynthia and I are busy fixing up a real old house that we just bought in Hollywood. With two children now, we just couldn't live in our small rented home any longer.
Instead, most colleges are studies in obsolescence.
If I find what I like, maybe in about five years we'll be able to afford to build a home in the country.
I've been lucky - I've been an actor for eight years and I've never been out of work.
I'll admit I wanted to be a pilot, originally.
I want my children to live in the country, to be a part of nature.
I think the most important thing my wife Cynthia and I can do for Kristen is to teach her how to grow up to be a woman and make her own decisions. Meanwhile, we sometimes have to guide her.
I think children learn from example. I don't believe in raising them in an authoritative atmosphere.
I noticed that almost everyone I went to college with has worked at something other than the subject they majored in. I guess that' s one of the reasons for campus unrest.
I met Cynthia when I was 12, proposed at 16, became engaged at 17, married her at 19 and we had a baby when I was 20. If extra work could pay for a lot of diapers, that was for me.
I longed to fly. I was paid in flying lessons and, by the time I was 13, I'd logged 100 hours at the controls.
I feel that education needs an overhaul - courses are obsolete and grades are on the way out.
I answer a fan with a hearing heart first.
Frequently parents forget that children are people. I don't try to treat Kristen as an adult, but I do try to treat her as a person, with a child's sensibilities.
Cynthia and I are very alike in our tastes.
A policeman, as you discover, has to put up with a hell of a lot of abuse. A man in any other line of work would nail a guy who laid that kind of abuse on him. I know I would.
A person who cares deeply about what people need in their lives is someone I'll never forget.
