German,Actor
The truth is, I can never die. For I will be in everything and see you in everything and watch over you. I am your reaction in the water of a mountain lake.
Where a beast would have claws, I was born with talent.
I am your fairy tale. Your dream. Your wishes and desires, and I am your thirst and your hunger and your food and your drink.
I am not the Jesus of the official church tolerated by those in power. I am not your superstar.
Sometimes my heart hurts so much, I beat it with my fists. I try to run. But you cannot run from this. It waits for you. Even when you think you have escaped it, it is there.
One should judge a man mainly from his depravities. Virtues can be faked. Depravities are real.
You don't need a framework. You need a painting, not a frame.
About 25 years ago, I was in an apartment, and next door, they put on the radio, so I struck the wall with my fist, but they did not put the radio down. I took a tool and banged until I made a hole through the wall. It was like a comedy movie.
But words - words are not enough!
Fun? There is no fun.
I am dying of hunger.
I could be with a woman in a bed, for weeks even, and it would seem to me like three seconds. Or 300 years.
I didn't choose solitude.
I don't need anybody to tell me how to be alive.
I have to shoot without any breaks. I yell at Herzog and hit him. I have to fight for every sequence. I wish Herzog would catch the plague, more than ever.
I knew there were, in myself, the souls of millions of people who lived centuries ago; not just people but animals, plants, the elements, things, even, matter. All of these exist in me.
I make movies for money, exclusively for money.
I sell myself for the highest price. Exactly like a prostitute. There is no difference.
In a way, everything concerning a movie leaves me cold.
It is the Nobel Prize I want. It's worth $400,000.
It is true what Rimbaud said; If you think a book is strong enough, try it at the ocean, in the wind, at the waves. If the book can resist the ocean, then it exists. Otherwise, throw it away.
Once, I took a taxi. I hate those limousines. They stink and their drivers have been driving dead people to the cemeteries.
People who do not see the terrible things therefore do not see the beautiful things, either.
Put a bird cage near the window so that the bird can see the sky? It's much better to look than not to, even if it hurts.
The dimensions of my feelings are too violent.
The ultimate acting is to destroy yourself.
