Australian,Actor
The most important thing I have learned from the people I've worked with is that you have to love what you do. That passion will drive you anywhere you want to go.
When I know I'm not doing any auditions, I go to the skate park on my scooter or my bike.
I like animation: you can go to work in your pyjamas.
I really like driving cars. I love car games.
My friends in Australia, they grew up with me acting, so they're used to it.
You shouldn't fight change. You should be absolutely open to change.
I thought that 'Twilight' would be a kind of girl movie, but it was cool.
In L.A., I live right across from Universal Studios.
Vampires used to be like Dracula, and now they're young teenage kids, so yeah, I like that.
I've got to write about my character every day. I've got to find out where he lives, what bus he catches to school, and stuff like that. You've got to know every little thing about him so when you do it, it feels natural.
Interviews are fun, but I get nervous at red carpets.
My favorite genre is comedy.
I've been joking that 'On the Road' is the prequel to 'The Road.' I don't know if that's a very good joke.
I think I've been good at getting into lonely and troubled characters because, not to brag, but I'm the complete opposite in real life.
My dad teaches me. He teaches me everything. He's been acting for over 30 years, so he knows a lot.
I'm based in L.A., mainly. I'm pretty much there a lot of the time doing work.
In Australia, I can just say to my mom, 'I'm going down the street.' And I can walk around pretty much all the places I know.
I'm geeky about video games. I don't stay inside a lot and just play them 24/7, but if I had the chance, I probably would.
When I was 8, my dad asked me if I wanted to audition, just for fun. I did just a little short film, and I liked it. I just kept doing it, and then I started getting bigger auditions for bigger roles.
It's kind of a Peter Pan thing: I want to stay a kid. I love it. But I guess you have to grow up someday. Everybody does.
I think indie films have more of a fresh, experimental vibe about them, whereas studio films know what they want and can basically get it.
I haven't done a lot of studio movies, but studio movies and independent films are always just as fun as each other.
New Orleans is awake all night, and every night is a party.
I think 'Paranorman' was a great adventure.
'Slow West' is a film that I did with Michael Fassbender in New Zealand and Scotland. The director was John McLean. It's a film set in the 1800s. I play a young Scottish boy brought up in the royal family. I fall in love with someone who works on our land.
I think when you have to train an accent, it just takes you absolutely into another spectrum of the character.
