American,Actor
Anyone can be confident with a full head of hair. But a confident bald man - there's your diamond in the rough.
Switzerland is a place where they don't like to fight, so they get people to do their fighting for them while they ski and eat chocolate.
When you're not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.
I tolerate lactose like I tolerate people.
I'm not a person who embraces challenges. I run from challenges. I break world records running from challenges.
Women love a self-confident bald man.
I had a wonderful childhood, which is tough because it's hard to adjust to a miserable adulthood.
The addition of nuts in salad... I always find to be beneficial.
I've led this empty life for over forty years and now I can pass that heritage on and ensure that the misery will continue for at least one more generation.
OK, I'm happy. I'm happy. All right? I'm happy.
I was very fortunate to hook up with Jerry in the first place. The network was already committed to doing something with him, so I skipped a couple of hundred steps right there.
The best situation is being a single parent. The best part about is that you get time off, too, because the kids are with their mom, so it's the best of both worlds. There's a lot to be said for it.
Anything that's for free, people will take. They don't discriminate.
I never thought for a second that anything I ever did was going to make someone cringe. That never occurred to me.
Sometimes I have these fantasies of just moving to a foreign country and coming back with a full head of hair. Or not even come back! Make a new life there with hair... Change my name, just see what happens.
I think golf is literally an addiction. I'm surprised there's not Golf Anonymous.
Trying on pants is one of the most humiliating things a man can suffer that doesn't involve a woman.
I don't like to be out of my comfort zone, which is about a half an inch wide.
I wanted to make a living, but I really was not interested in money at all. I was interested in being a great comedian.
Hear the birds? Sometimes I like to pretend that I'm deaf and I try to imagine what it's like not to be able to hear them. It's not that bad.
I like to be quiet, and let people find me rather than having to shout at them.
If you tell the truth about how you're feeling, it becomes funny.
You know, I'm really not that bright.
And eventually as I kept writing it, something emerged that was not quite me but a version of me.
At first, I didn't realize it was gonna be a character. I just thought I was gonna be doing me.
I'm a walking, talking enigma.
Even back then, I exuded self-confidence, and that drives women crazy.
Obviously comedic styles do change.
Once I know people know who I am, it gives me a lot of licence and freedom to behave in ways I wouldn't normally.
I learned the first night that IHOP's not the place to order fish.
I'm not quite as anonymous as I was.
The lunch in a normal American restaurant is very problematic for me. I don't like to have hot food for lunch.
I'm not interested in closure. Some people just have heart attacks and die, right? There's no closure.
All of a sudden I discovered that I'm allergic to caviar. It was the perfect metaphor for my life. When I was only able to afford bad caviar, I could certainly eat my fill of it.
If I tried to flirt with a woman and she didn't know who I was, she would run away.
I don't like to make a big splash anyway.
Most people are completely unaware of their breath. They violate your space, they have no idea that they have halitosis.
I had a job as a paralegal. I drove a cab.
I'm cranky.
I don't like to say anything good. I feel like I'll jinx myself.
Every relationship is just so tenuous and precarious.
I don't think anyone really is interested in reading about my emotional state. It's not even interesting to me.
I just feed off the energy of the audience.
I just wanted laughs - that's really what I was after.
It has to do - I think - with growing up in an apartment, with my aunt and my cousins right next door to me, with the door open, with neighbors walking in and out, with people yelling at each other all the time.
Most of the time I'm thinking, I'm glad that scene was improvised.
The only change I can really see is that I don't have to shop for pants in stores anymore.
Until I started doing standup, there were some very bleak days.
When I was living in New York and didn't have a penny to my name, I would walk around the streets and occasionally I would see an alcove or something. And I'd think, that'll be good, that'll be a good spot for me when I'm homeless.
You write about what you know.
Hey, I may loathe myself, but it has nothing to do with the fact that I'm Jewish.
There are times when I'm driving home after a day's shooting, thinking to myself, That scene would've been so much better if I had written it out.
It's not every day that you get to be affectionate around something, it just doesn't happen that often.
I'm really only happy when I'm on stage. I just feed off the energy of the audience. That's what I'm all about - people and laughter.
I tell people that I've now done one decent thing in my life. Albeit inadvertently.
Even though the National Guard and Army Reserve see combat today, it rankles me that people assume it was some kind of waltz in the park back then.
I have quite a house. People come over and I go, 'I know, I'm sorry.'
When I was living in New York, there was a lot of screaming in my life. I would just get into these altercations all the time. Being in public, dealing with shopkeepers, just trying to cross the street - things like that.
I can't stand reading anything that I've said.
Well, after the divorce, I went home and turned all the lights on!
I defy anyone to produce any evidence that the word 'happy' has ever crossed my lips. I am not now, nor have I ever been, 'happy.'
I have reservations about everything I do.
Woody Allen likes to do a lot of master shots. He likes to get the whole thing in one take, and so you could be going along doing a scene, and then the next to last line, all of a sudden, you stumble, and you have to go back to first base.
I tend to stay with the panic. I embrace the panic.
People don't yell nasty things at actors - they let them continue.
Well, I always think the worst things are going to happen here, because I'm - basically inside, I'm a bad person, and so the bad kind of takes over.
I think we're all good and bad, but good's not funny. Bad is funny. Suppress the good and let the bad out, and then you can be funny.
I don't like people cleaning my room.
There's nothing that reflects me. I'm unreflectable!
Anytime I'm involved with anything that's well-received, it's a surprise to me.
Most people think I'm immodest.
I don't really know much about TV and what people want to see. I'm not that well-informed about it.
My background is degradation and sloth, mostly.
Let's not forget, I got divorced.
I think Michael Moore is a hero.
I have no secrets.
I think that what people imagine they're going through is much worse than what they are going through.
I don't have many friends.
I am not honest.
Perhaps I have a wider range than I'd given myself credit for.
Most practical jokes, I'll feel too bad for the other person so I'll stop just before the punchline.
I'm anti-cheese in a salad.
Religion doesn't play any part in my life in terms of how I live my life. But I don't think I've ever gone through a day in my life without hearing someone say the word 'Jew' or saying it myself.
I'm still driving a Prius, yeah.
No, I am a crier and if people ever saw me privately they would be shocked at what a bowl of mush I am underneath it all.
I've been in therapy. I know enough about myself now to know that I really don't need to know anymore.
My life has changed. I'm not walking around any more wishing I wasn't me, which was the case at one time.
Whenever something good happens to me, it's usually followed by something terrible.
If I wasn't a golfer, I would still be miserable - but not as miserable.
Golf and dating don't mix.
