Danish,Actor
I'm a beer man. I tried to drink whiskey and Scotch, but I don't get it. It smells like a girl who didn't shower and just splashed a lot of perfume on.
Before we made films about gangsters, everything was about the royal families. They contain so much drama.
I will never be a fan of any kind of political correctness: I think it's instant death to creativity.
Awards mean absolutely nothing if you don't get it. If you do get it, they're the best thing in the world.
One thing I can say about the French language is that no one in the world loves their language as much as they do. It doesn't matter if you're close - it still sounds terrible to their ears.
We can ask ourselves why we invent God, and then, ten minutes later, we invent Satan - why? Because we need him; there's something fascinating about the other side of the coin.
England and Denmark have a sense of irony and a darker sense of humour that you don't necessarily find in Germany and Sweden.
I like to stay home with my family.
If you're playing the bad guy, you have to find what you like about them.
I have an enormous metabolism, so I'm lucky.
Predominantly I'm an Adidas guy who walks around in sports gear all the time because there's always a ball right next to me somewhere. I do a lot of sports, but I do enjoy wearing a lot of suits.
If David Bowie wants, I'll put him in my phone book.
Once you do one bad guy, usually all you get offered is bad guys. But I've been able to do different things.
It was never a plan to be an actor.
I don't necessarily prefer playing villains. I know a lot of people say they are more fun, but if the scriptwriter has done their work well, you can find something realistic in a villain and find the mistakes in a hero - it's all down to the writing.
I've never been specifically attached to westerns, but there are those I like - one of the best westerns I've seen is 'Unforgiven.' I think the genre has something extremely powerful that can allow them to talk about good and evil in a very straight way.
I'm not even on Facebook. I've got enough friends I never see. You know how you have a lot of friends you never call? I don't have time for new friends, and I don't want to be friends with someone only online.
I don't wear cologne. I do occasionally, but anytime I take a shower, I just put on deodorant. That's basically what I smell like.
If you spend a week at a casino you will very easily see that people have a certain way of behaving in a casino.
TV is obviously so different from film: because it's a never-ending process, it keeps going; you keep receiving new pages.
I like to stay home with my family. But travel is good in a way. It makes you redefine each other each time you see each other. Also, it helps that I think my wife is the hottest woman in the world.
Sometimes you're trying your best and you still can't find a solution, but I try not to waste my life living in a dark place.
First, I have to read something and find it interesting and like the story. If I don't understand it fully, but there is something in there that is interesting, then it takes a director to convince me. If he can't do that, then I don't go with it. It doesn't matter where the project comes from.
II know a little about Greek mythology. It's not that far away from the Nordic mythology.
Actors are a race.
Machiavelli had some cold tricks for people who wanted to be demagogues and wanted to take over the world.
I tend not to have any references to anything. I just jump into the script in front of me. If you reference too much, you have no idea if the performances are right.
I vividly remember Charles Bronson's face in 'Chino.' The western genre is screaming for a face like that.
I was a gymnast for many years before I was a dancer, so it comes in pretty handy when we do stunts.
The physicality of any character is always split up into fast, slow, high energy, low energy, what kind of personality he has. So that's where the physicality comes in. And flying through the air is just something you have to do if they ask you.
I have the strange ability to shut things out.
There is a tendency to underestimate the power of what we can do without words. Sometimes you can make a scene even more powerful and precise without dialogue.
In Denmark, we're making 20 films a year. If I'm showing up in even two of those, people will get tired of me really fast.
I've always been interested in strange foods, coming from all different places.
The whole Fannibal thing is predominantly something that happens in a world I don't know about, which is the Internet.
I did a TV show called 'Unit 1.' It wasn't a bad experience, but yes, the first season I didn't have a good time because I was coming from Nicolas Winding Refn films where the corners were sharp and radical, but now we had round corners.
I can never wink at the audience.
I try not to carry any character back home because that would be extremely frustrating for my family.
There's been no real reason to move to LA. The stuff I've done for America has been done in Europe anyway. We made a decision early on that we'd find our base and not shake the children's world as much as mine.
I felt perhaps 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' was a little premature. It was a huge hit around the world - it was still running in the theatres - and the Americans at that time were already shooting the remake, and I was like, 'Whoa! Give it a break of five or six years and get a little inspired, and then do it.'
I fancy myself at being pretty good at understanding a script and finding the weaknesses, and then making them more radical than they are. People tend to listen to me.
We are filmmakers, and we are specifically trying to entertain people.
I always work with the tempo of the energy of the character, whether he's fast or slow, or heavy or light.
I haven't watched that much TV, to be honest. To be honest, I don't watch that many films anymore - partly because I don't have time; secondly, because I watch a lot of sports, and I love watching sports.
If people need to be informed by lines, then there's no reason why the actor is saying the line except for information for the audience; I think there's something wrong.
I don't want to be the stupid blond. I want to be an actor.
I was very energetic and very small. I didn't start growing until the last year of high school.
I've never been a big fan of making telepathy to the audience. That would be too much a wink in the eye. That would make people around me fools, right?
I was a late bloomer, but I had a career as a contemporary dancer before that, so I had some kind of connection to this world. But I was always a little more in love with the drama of dancing than the aesthetics, so I thought, 'Why don't you give it a chance if you think you can do it a little different?'
I'm engaged to Hollywood. If there's something I find I have to do, I'll do it. Otherwise, I'll just stay home and have a vacation.
If I was doing 'The Hunt' constantly, I would get very old, very fast.
I go to the pub, hang out with my family - that's pretty much it. I also do a lot of sports when I get the chance. I'm actually a pretty mellow guy.
I can be intense in a lot of ways, but not the way you see the guy in 'The Salvation.'
Once in a while, when I'm out on the lawn, I'll jump around and do a couple of things. Here's a secret: The older you get, the more difficult it gets. The smallest little injury stays with you for so long. But that's how it goes, and it doesn't stop me. I'm always ready to do something that hurts a little!
Being physical and doing my own stunts - it is fun to do these kind of films once in a while, especially before you get too old.
I always wanted to play some kind of instrument - piano, saxophone, whatever. I took it up for a while, then forgot about it because I didn't have the time.
I did a crazy version of 'Romeo and Juliet' once, and I played Romeo.
Denmark is a small place. We all know each other.
I do read some of the scripts from America and, even though the themes or subject of the film is very interesting, and some of the scenes are very interesting, there is a tendency that they have to explain everything. There will be no dilemma.
If I do my very best, then the camera and the audience will follow me, and eventually they will somehow feel like I feel. I don't have to show it to them. I don't have to speak it out loud.
A solid family, as they say. They join me on location if they have a chance, but I can also be home three or four months doing nothing, so I probably see my kids more than people who work constantly all year long. If that changes, we'll have to have a family meeting.
I know a little about Greek mythology. It's not that far away from the Nordic mythology.
I was not into sci-fi, science fiction, at all. I was into some of the old pirate films with Burt Lancaster and stuff. I liked them.
I like 'The Three Musketeers.' I like those kind of cool things where they were having a robe and a sword.
I love working back home, but it is a small country, and we do get tired of watching each other.
I never really planned a career. I've tried to avoid it. I've tried to do this stuff I felt for, the stuff I like. So, I've just been meeting these fantastic directors who've offered me a variation of different parts and different films.
There's no such thing as easy, but it's easier when a script is good.
When I was a kid, I wasn't looking at the small-budget films myself. I was looking at 'James Bond' and all the major films, so I still have that energy. I still love those films.
The problem is that you can't really read a script saying, 'Hmmm, I'll just see what this is.' You have to go right into it; you have to get engaged with it, and once you are engaged, you want to do it! It's really difficult to get uninvolved.
We were in love with 'Mean Streets' and 'Taxi Driver.' We had no idea why nothing remotely like that was done in Denmark.
I'm very proud of 'Valhalla Rising.'
'Clash Of The Titans' is one of the biggest movies I've done; it was certainly the most effects I've worked with.
We have no chance to comprehend what goes on there - it's so dramatic, and people are so poor. We all felt bad about being there. Filming in India felt like we were going to borrow something knowing that we were never going to give it back.
The day before I was famous in Denmark, nobody looked my way. The day after, everybody wanted to talk to me.
I was into sports and swimming as a kid and didn't spend a whole lot of time sitting down. I was a gymnast.
I never even thought about being an actor. Somebody asked me if I'd like to learn the craft, and I said, 'Okay.' I was a gymnast in a show at that time, and somebody asked me afterwards one night. I performed as a gymnast for nine years, and then I did acting after that.
I have an older brother who is an actor as well.
The script is always the main preparation for me. Sometimes you have a period piece where you have to research around it, but if the writers have done their homework well enough, the information is all in the script.
I think they tried the 3-D revolution at least five times throughout history, and it never seemed to work. However, finally, 'Avatar' did it.
I've always been extremely physical. I was a gymnast for 15 years, and then I was a dancer for nine, so I was kind of looking for these parts. But we have a tendency in Denmark not to do many action films.
