American,Actor
People always ask me, 'Why did your wife take that extra job?' What they don't know is that four out of five days a week she's going to be home having dinner with us by five o'clock.
We have dinner every single night, Monday through Friday, with our children. We sit down around 6 or 6:30 and it's a family dinner - it's time to check in, just to be around each other.
We found that our kids enjoy those simple adventures we take as a family. I'm driving, my wife's the copilot and we give one kid a choice of what they want to go do. We eat a lot of bad food and sleep in some interesting hotels.
I have career ADD, he says. I have career dissatisfaction. Even as a young kid, I'd have that. I'd get really passionate about something and then I'd realize, 'I don't want to do that!
Any time you get a chance to do something different or get away from your appearance or get away from what people are used to seeing, I think it's always good.
I'm claustrophobic. I can't go into haunted houses. They have these tight, dark, enclosed space. I freak out. That's my phobia. It gets me out of stuff. Someone asks me to do something and I tell them I can't because I'm claustrophobic.
I hope gay marriage will be legal in every state.
Sometimes we're at hotels, and I'll answer the phone. They'll say, 'Mr. Ripa, your breakfast is coming upstairs.' And I'm like, Is my father-in-law here? But, obviously, I'm proud either way - Ripa or Consuelos.
My wife is so funny and talented and never lets anybody fail next to her.
I'm doing 'I Hate My Teenage Daughter' with Katie Finneran and Jaime Pressly.
There's a lot of great things to see here in the United States. Those times spent together with maps and old cups from the diner you went to, those are really important as a family.
As a father, you immediately become uncool, especially the older they get. The older you get, it's inevitable that, as cool as you think you are, you're probably just as lame in your kids' eyes.
For a couple of years, I focused more on producing because I wanted to be close to home, after traveling a lot for work.
I am very traditional, and I am the disciplinarian.
I like things to have rules, I like order and I like schedules.
