Japanese,Actor
Even as we get older, we get in these routines - and routines are nice and comfortable - but I think that it's important to live life to its fullest and try different things. Because you never know what you're going to learn. You might not like it, you might like it.
Playing a superhero was an acting challenge for me. It was fun.
I'm a real dumb-dumb in real life. I'm just book smart. But definitely not street smart. The other day I lost my jacket in a cab. And I'll forget things every time I leave the house.
I'm not American. I still have my Japanese citizenship.
Being a geek is a great thing. I think we're all geeks. Being a geek means you're passionate about something and that defines your uniqueness. I would rather be passionate about something than be apathetic about everything.
I've been programming computers since elementary school, where they taught us, and I stuck with computer science through high school and college.
The key to digital effects is to do things that are visually accurate but done cheaply and approximated.
I love both acting and programming equally. I think it enriches me and enhances me as an artist.
I have a lot of appreciation for what people do in front of the camera as well as behind the camera. I don't think I could like one without the other. Eventually, I think the road will lead me down to producing or directing, because it's more about problem solving.
At its core, 'Heroes' is an ensemble character drama with genre elements.
I think it enriches you as a scientist to be able to see things in an artistic perspective and as an artist to see things in a scientific perspective.
I got to college and saw all of my friends going to these other schools and thought, 'You know, college is just a blank slate.' And I had an opportunity to go to different schools, but I chose Brown because it was unique and allowed you to be yourself as an individual and like I said, it's a blank slate.
The more things you do outside of your norm, the more ideas you get exposed to, the more people you get exposed to, and I think that's interesting.
I played piano back in my elementary school days and I sang a cappella back in college.
