English,Actor
The most useful form of time travel would be to go back a year or two and rectify the mistakes we made.
People will love something very much or hate something very much. But the great thing about a sketch show is that if something comes along that you don't like, something else will come along in a minute that hopefully you might like that.
What fun is life without a bit of showing off?
If the worst that happens is that I wake up and see a picture of myself and a headline saying, 'He wasn't very funny last night', then I've got nothing to complain about.
I finally learned to love myself by dressing up as Geri Halliwell.
I mean comedy is something that's very personal and people have strong opinions about.
I'm a very recent convert to the gay scene. I went to a party a couple of years ago and met a very nice man who took me under his wing and started taking me out to clubs. It was a revelation.
It's important to hold something back, though, because quite frankly my personal life is pretty dull and I don't want to bore people with it.
When I left school I was full of angst, like any teenager, and I channeled it all into comedy.
It's very likely that graduates, current employees and retirees have some wonderful pieces of Deer Park history in their closets or garages.
People see my impressions as a great skill and I am flattered, but there are things I can't do that everyone else can. I can do funny voices and funny faces but I can't drive.
I am a bit of a daydreamer.
I don't expect to be thin, but I'd like to feel a bit healthier.
Comedians don't have a monopoly on suffering. But creative people are sometimes fortunate enough to be able to incorporate their most traumatic experiences into their art.
Keep yourself busy if you want to avoid depression. For me, inactivity is the enemy.
If I ever play Hamlet, it'll be in a dress!
Success came to us at an age where we could enjoy it. We went through a lot of hard times, so we appreciate success all the more now.
