English,Actor
I was a short, chubby kid, pretty shy.
You don't have to be a Brad Pitt look-alike hero just to be courageous and help out your friends and come through when it really matters. I think everyone can sort of relate to that in some way, particularly back to people's school days.
I live in Leeds, which is about 200 miles north of London, and I get to go and do all the 'Harry Potter' stuff and make great films and be part of this wonderful thing all around the world, and then I get to go home and chill out with my friends in Leeds and go watch the football and go to the pub.
I get too excited about football and rugby.
The great thing about filming a film is that you all have your final day's shooting, but you always know that you're all going to be coming back for the premiere.
I think actors tend to be in their element when they are pushed out of their comfort zone.
I wasn't attractive when I was growing up, and I don't think I am now.
Leeds is quite laid-back.
Twitter is the limit of me putting myself out there.
I'm not a big fan of people knowing too much about me.
I wasn't bullied or anything at school, but I was quite shy and didn't speak up too much in class.
I'm very professional.
It's always been my dream to be in a war film.
You know, girls in general are scarier than Voldemort.
I mean, I must confess I don't own Harry Potter DVDs. My parents do. They have them all. And they like watching them.
The fame stuff, the kind words from websites and things, are very flattering and lovely, but I just wanna act.
I'm very self-conscious as an actor, with performances and things, and I don't like watching my own stuff.
I'm very comfortable being at home and keeping my head down, really. It's nice being invited to night clubs and stuff, which is nice once in a while, but I prefer to kind of keep to myself.
I think as an actor you're always learning, you're always trying to experience more things.
A lot of people struggle in their younger years, and I think people can relate to that.
The great thing as an actor is that I don't know what my agent is going to call me with next.
I never went to drama school.
I get recognized now and again, but the paparazzi aren't following me around.
If someone wants to employ me, whoever wants to employ me, I'll go and do that. I just want to work.
I don't feel hunky at all.
I did enjoy theater. I actually do prefer making films and television, but it was a learning experience for me, because I got into television at 5 and film at 11, and theater was something I completely bypassed.
