English,Actor
Nobody's really unsympathetic, I think. People do good and bad things. If a character's totally unsympathetic, they're not real and I'm not interested. Even the real monsters have to have a spark of something you can relate to.
Apart from earning an awful lot of money, why would you go to Hollywood?
It must be odd, being recognisable. I would hate to lose that anonymity. It happened for a while with 'Spooks.' No one notices me now.
I think it sits quite happily with me, the condition of being an actor. I see some people getting quite eaten up with it, with the insecurities. There are times when I long for continuity and stability, but I also love the idea of not knowing what I'll be doing next - or even if I'm going to work.
The security comes, as an actor, in knowing that you're not in control. If you try to control your career, or how people perceive you, you'll make yourself unhappy, because life doesn't work like that. So much is luck. It's much better to let yourself off, to think, 'There's nothing I can do.'
There's always a concern as an actor that you'll be boring unless your character is swinging from a chandelier.
You'd never play Hamlet if you started worrying about who's played it before you.
I think people ought to do what they feel useful at the time. If I do things because I ought to do them, I switch off.
I'd auditioned for the National Youth Theatre and I didn't get a place and it was terrifying.
You never know how films are going to do and it is daunting if I think about it.
I wouldn't want to leave it so long before doing a play again, I get very stolid and sluggish if I do too much telly.
It's a real skill to be able to publicise yourself.
I don't feel like a romantic lead; I guess I feel more like a character actor.
Nobody's just arrogant. I've met people who are embattled and dismissive, but when you get to know them, you find that they're vulnerable - that that hauteur or standoffishiness is because they're pedaling furiously underneath.
People like to think that actors are terribly worried about ghosts of other actors in the parts they play. But you just have to get on with it.
The actor in me would always like to be more dashing, or slimmer, or have nicer hair.
I was quite a shy child. I would get terribly nervous and throw up before my birthday party. And then I would be fine. I feel the same now. I get nervous, then it's fine.
My vanity is I'm terribly romantic! But being married is lovely.
I've worried more and more as the years have gone on. The more you're seen to be doing well, the more stress there is. You feel you ought to consider things more, and be more fussy - there's further to fall. All these little worries.
I did four or five years in telly, and by the end of it was drained. I was a bit sick of myself. I didn't feel like an actor anymore. That sounds silly, but when you're doing a play you're using different muscles, and it blew all the cobwebs away.
I would hate not to do a play every couple of years. I think it's not me.
I have felt some twinges recently, about parts I wanted to play that I may be getting too old and fat to do. 'Hamlet,' for example - maybe that's gone. I would love to play Richard II.
It must be odd, being recognizable. I would hate to lose that anonymity.
Some British actors are snobby about telly, and I don't understand that.
I think I do have a good eye. It's quite liberating, being in a position to read a script and say, 'No.' It's really the only power you have, as an actor.
Nobody's really unsympathetic, I think. People do good and bad things. If a character's totally unsympathetic, they're not real and I'm not interested.
