Actor
There are two ways to go when you hit that crossroads in your life: There is the bad way, when you sort of give up, and then there is the really hard way, when you fight back. I went the hard way and came out of it okay. Now, I'm sitting here and doing great.
A lot of people think that addiction is a choice. A lot of people think it's a matter of will. That has not been my experience. I don't find it to have anything to do with strength.
The thing is, if I don't have sobriety, I don't have anything.
I used to be a real prince charming if I went on a date with a girl. But then I'd get to where I was likely to have a stroke from the stress of keeping up my act. I've since learned the key to a good date is to pay attention on her.
My favorite six words in recovery are: trust God, clean house, and help others.
I'm a sensitive guy. If you are a woman and you're in any kind of emotional duress and you write a song about it, I'll buy you album.
I was a very good tennis player in Ottawa, Canada - nationally ranked when I was, like, 13. Then I moved to Los Angeles when I was 15, and everyone in L.A. just killed me. I was pretty great in Canada. Not so much in Los Angeles.
I think we need to educate our doctors about addiction.
I grew up babysitting and always enjoyed it. I love family. A couple of my closest friends have kids, and I'm their godfather, and that's one of my greatest pleasures in life, just picking them up from school and hanging out with them.
In a perfect world, my tennis game gets better. I have kids and a beautiful wife and live on some hill somewhere that's not in Los Angeles. And the script that Tom Hanks just barely turned down gets in my hands.
I need a woman to have a quirky sense of humor. There's a bunch of jokes I use, and if she doesn't get them, she's probably not for me.
I've just found out there are pages on the internet dedicated to whether I'm gay or not.
I certainly wear my heart on my sleeve, and I think that comes out in the characters that I play. There's a yearning, or something, that comes out of me that people relate to.
It's not foreign for me to be talking about my problems in circles.
To be a comedian, you have to have some darkness behind it. I certainly draw on my past, and it helps.
I am fine with the fact that some of my hair is gray. If it was all gray overnight, that would be a scary thing.
I can tell if someone is talking to me because I'm on 'Friends' or cause they just think I'm neat. You know I don't think I've ever spent more than five or ten minutes with somebody who was ogling me because they recognized me from the show.
I went to a high school that didn't have many people in it. There were, like, 60 people in my senior class. There was a group of cool kids and a group of really dorky kids, and I was probably the coolest of the really dorky kids.
My favorite actor was, is, Michael Keaton. Certainly growing up, in the movie 'Night Shift' he did something brand new that I hadn't seen before that we all steal from now. And then it was in 1987 he did the movie 'Clean and Sober' and 'Beetlejuice' in the same year, and that was when I said, 'Wow, that's what I want to do.'
I'm very similar to Chandler in many ways, although Chandler is funnier than me, and Chandler absolutely hates his job whereas I absolutely love my job.
In high school, my prom date fooled around with another guy - on prom night!
When I was, like, 15, I realized there could be a career in making people laugh - like, you could get paid to do it. That was insane to me.
After I got my first laugh on stage, I was hooked.
Chandler's the guy everybody thinks will do well with women, but he thinks too much and says the wrong thing.
Well, I was lucky enough to be involved in about 19 failures at an early age, so I'm realistic about the success I'm having and how quickly it can go away. What's important is to be smart about it.
I love the idea of 'the one' but I actually believe that there isn't a Miss Right. There are 12,000 Miss Rights out there and it's all timing.
I've certainly had a lot of experiences in my life where I was much too self-centered.
To me, writing is remembering something funny that happened, or maybe something I said seven years ago.
There was a time when I wasn't working a lot. It ebbs and flows. Mostly I was just living my life and playing 'Fallout 3,' a very fun game.
My feeling on therapy is it's a luxury, and if you're fortunate enough to get some smart people to talk to about life, then that's fortunate and you should go for it.
They say that women like a man who can make them laugh, and I find that if you can make a woman laugh on the first and second dates, then you're doing well.
When I was younger, I used humour as a tool to avoid getting too serious with people - if there was deep emotional stuff going on, then I would crack a joke to defuse the situation.
I would love to have kids one day. In fact, I'm pretty good with them. I grew up with five half-siblings, the youngest of whom is 11 years younger than me, so I think I learned some pretty cool parenting skills quite early on in life.
Like, my house has a nice view, because, you know, I was on 'Friends.'
I've been on a show before where I was on a billboard and then, after like three or four weeks, they took the billboard down and replaced it with nothing. Took my face down and put a white board up.
It's tough to have a movie-star persona when you're on a show as successful as 'Friends.'
I was a guy who wanted to become famous. There was steam coming out of my ears, I wanted to be famous so badly. You want the attention, you want the bucks, and you want the best seat in the restaurant. I didn't think what the repercussions would be.
If I hadn't had the experience of being famous, I would have searched for it my whole life. I would have just gone on and on trying to find it.
'Friends' was a magical thing, and no one's going to ever have anything like that again.
I always have the same thing - which is the fear of not getting a laugh - that I've had from the time I was a kid; obsessing over, 'This joke doesn't quite work, we've got to get this right.' I was always like that, whether I was a member of a six-person ensemble or whether I'm the center of a show.
I know Chandler is similar to me. But if you watched my life for a week, there would be many more boring parts.
I have a huge interest in hockey because I grew up in Canada, where it's kind of the law that you love hockey.
If I could walk into the 'Friends' audition again and go or not go, I have to say it's 50-50.
I became a big Kings fan, and then later on my hometown of Ottawa got a team, so then I was very, very torn. I just love both of those teams very much.
There are two sides to being pigeonholed. There's, 'Oh, no, I'm going to be Chandler for the rest of my life,' but there's also the fact that getting to play Chandler opened up doors to me. It's now my job to find things that shake it up a little bit.
My sense of style is an old Polo shirt, jeans and, unfortunately for the longest time, white running shoes, which was not attractive. The one thing I've learned about clothes is to ask a girl.
I don't have a very 'masculine' taste in music. I get a lot of heat from my friends about that.
When I die, I'd like' Friends' to be listed behind 'helping people.'
I have what I like to call a 'chinneck.' My chin just flows rather easily into my neck.
I've been accused of not really paying attention to a sentence unless my name comes up in it twice.
I learned to fall down early in life - I was, like, six - because I realized it was a way to make girls laugh.
I gravitate towards sort of broken characters who try to be better people.
