American,Actor
If you're wearing suits and you want to create your own sense of style, get to the tailor.
My standard uniform is a T-shirt and jeans.
Everybody thinks that equality comes from identifying people, and that's not where equality comes from.
Unfortunately, in some parts of the country, some kids are taught at an early age that being different is somehow bad or wrong or worthy of ridicule.
To be honest with you, my physical state is usually dictated by the project I'm working on at a given time.
Activism isn't beautiful and easy, or a bunch of people getting together and picketing; it's a lot more complicated and difficult than that.
Playing athletics, playing a lot of different sports, going to drama school... I was one of those kids who wanted to do everything, so I ended up being pretty average at everything.
I'm completely happy and fulfilled in my personal life.
What we really have to do is stop the adjective before the job title - whether it's 'black actor,' a 'gay actor' or anything actor.
Look, none of the artists who I admire or respect have ever shied away from a role because it might make them unpopular with somebody.
As actors you're always going to take certain roles that are in your comfort zone and take ones that aren't.
I'm a kid that went to theater school. I thought I was going to be making my living doing plays regionally or in New York or on Broadway, and maybe if I got lucky I would do a movie here or there.
I like to just work with great directors.
My favorite actors are people who I don't know anything about, and I can project any character onto them.
Kids aren't born to be bullies, they're taught to be bullies.
I've definitely had crazy acting teachers.
I never feel more confident and comfortable than when I'm wearing a Tom Ford suit.
I think when you play a role, you always have to be a defense attorney for that character.
Well, when you're playing a role, you have to think, 'What is ultimately motivating the character?'
I pretty much got busted for everything, but I definitely stretched out my boundaries as a kid, as well.
When I was in high school, there was no safe haven, there was no outlet for you to speak your mind.
I don't care about the size of the roles, or how they're marketed or billed or anything like that. I would love to be a part of stories that tell us about where we've come from, where we are, where we're going - with great directors.
I want to work with anyone who's passionate about telling a story. I obviously have a list of people I really love, but it's a really long list.
I can safely say that I had an incredibly difficult and trying past growing up and trying to be an artist and standing up as who I am in this world.
While I feel that I have a great reservoir to draw from as an actor for lots of different roles, it is difficult because it can be an industry where it's people's jobs to thin-slice you really quickly and try to fit you into a niche in the market.
I think if you start to think too much about things that are completely out of control, it will just drive you crazy as an actor.
