American,Actor
It's pretty amazing being me.
You don't want to play a perfect person; no one cares about that.
I wouldn't be where I am today without the amazing public arts education that I had.
I'm a great bowler. I was in a couple of leagues as a kid.
I'm not gay.
I grew up singing and dancing, so people have been calling me gay since fifth grade. I've heard everything you could possibly hear about it. But I do love gay people, so I'm not going to act like I was insulted or angry about it.
My dad is a nurse midwife, one of about only 50 male midwives in the U.S., I think.
I guess I was one of the popular kids. I played soccer, I was class president - I even dated the homecoming queen.
I don't like to go out to parties or clubbing, and I kind of like my anonymity.
More people saw the pilot of 'Glee' than saw me in my entire 10-year career on Broadway.
I've had way more rejections than I've had jobs.
On a TV show, you don't know where the character is going.
I think every great show has that kind of romance that people just kind of yearn for.
I want my shows to be very classic and timeless.
I'm a huge Bob Marley fan; I remember going to Jamaica for the first time when I was a kid and I got so obsessed with the steel drums.
I'm a dancer, so I love to dance.
I run probably 35-40 miles a week, and I think 80 per cent of your body is what you eat. The biggest part is just eating well.
I want to be Gwyneth Paltrow when I grow up! She's been able to have such a great career, such a great family and she stays so humble and so real.
Cooking is always very romantic!
I'd like someone who challenges me, someone who is more beautiful in the inside than they are on the outside.
I'm happy being single but I definitely want someone in my life. I want to eventually get married and have kids.
I actually grew up break-dancing. When you break-dance you listen to hip-hop and rap, so I've been listening to that music since I was a kid.
In all the shows I've done, I'm always the first to leave - it's in my make-up.
I'm a mellow guy, and I feel like my music is mellow.
I grew up as an only child. My parents weren't great conversationalists. We had a quiet house. I'm not very verbal.
Fame, you know, it's like a handgun - in the wrong hands, it's dangerous.
