American,Actor
I always try to bring a certain masculine presence to what I do. That is part of the dynamic.
I grew up in a rough environment. You want to be strong and have your presence felt out there. That attitude reflects how people see you.
Eating right has made the biggest difference in my body.
I love kids, outings, camping, sports, Legoland, all the Daddy stuff. I love it. I wish I could just do that, but I have to work, too.
When you're working and making money, that's all good, but there has to be something that provides a substance, I think.
With my first son I cut his umbilical cord and everything, so I'm a hands-on father, to say the least.
There's no question that I'm African-American. OK? I'm a black man. We're not going to escape that.
It's always a pleasure when you get to work with people that you actually really like.
When break dancing was out, I break danced. When rapping was the thing, I freestyled rap on the street and battled and all that kind of stuff.
Once or twice a week, I try to do some kind of boxing. I'm hitting the bags and jumping rope - all that stuff.
I've done 21 films in eight years, and I've said 'No' more times than I've done films.
I'm an avid watcher of the Nat Geo channel, where I watch shows about how the planets are formed, and shows about moons, quasars, black holes.
I tend to play more true-to-life characters in real situations.
I know a lot of people who are weak, who are in a perpetual cycle of poverty and being locked up. There are guys from my neighborhood who are in jail or who are dead. It does take a certain strength to know your environment and say, 'I can grow beyond it.'
Rap is definitely a youthful expression.
I've dated interracially a lot. I grew up in Harlem, so I've dated Latins, Dominican, Guyanese, Cuban, black, white.
I'm a soccer dad at heart. I want five kids, and I want to get married. I want to coach Little League.
Actors look at life in a different way. When I meet people, I know that one day I may portray that person or someone like them. It may be a cop or a homeless guy. It helps you to pay more attention to people. Everyone I meet, I retain something from them, something from their personality. It helps me to portray realism in my work.
I love working with Sally Field, and Steve Buscemi is one of the most giving, talented actors I've ever worked with.
I don't really like hospitals that much. People are sick; sometimes it can be depressing. There's people going through a lot of pain in there. It has that funny smell.
