Actor
After about 20 years of marriage, I'm finally starting to scratch the surface of what women want. And I think the answer lies somewhere between conversation and chocolate.
It's a wise man who understands that every day is a new beginning, because boy, how many mistakes do you make in a day? I don't know about you, but I make plenty. You can't turn the clock back, so you have to look ahead.
I am politically incorrect, that's true. Political correctness to me is just intellectual terrorism. I find that really scary, and I won't be intimidated into changing my mind. Everyone isn't going to love you all the time.
Life is life, and one has experiences that are painful and some that are very pleasant, and one has reward and sacrifice and more reward and disappointment and joy and happiness, and it's always going to be the same.
I have learned that a bitter experience can make you stronger. I now boastfully say that I have a hide like a rhinoceros... and I'm smiling. It's an interesting thing.
Boot Camp was great and very interesting. You got to use live rounds of ammunition and got to do a lot of crawling around with live rounds flying around you, so you really had to learn to keep your ass down - everything down for that matter.
I think any kind of hiatus one takes in an artistic journey is going to make a huge difference. The pause will inform the choices that you make.
The thing we're all looking for is happiness, and if we achieve just a modicum of that or even a little piece of serenity even for five minutes a day, we're very lucky.
I've never treated anyone badly or in a discriminatory way based on their gender, race, religion or sexuality - period.
Religion and politics hit nerves. There's a lot of anger about a lot of things. It's not easily resolved. I guess that's what wars are about. Wars are about prejudice and fear. Hit first before you get hit. Believe me, I know.
Film is built for kinetic movement and crash and burn. It's a great tool for spectacles. But if it's not rooted to something a little higher, you're just kicking your butt around the corner. You can only take so much of that. You have to have some sort of foundation to explode from.
Feminists don't like me, and I don't like them.
Theatrical is fantastic. I don't think anything will ever replace the big dark room, the screen and the popcorn. You can kind of do it in your home if you have a nice screen, but it's not the same thing.
If I've still got my pants on in the second scene, I think they've sent me the wrong script.
I'm pretty fit, naturally. I do moderate exercise, and I try to eat pretty well and I think it has an effect on me. But hey, I'm putting on the insulin tire like everybody else, but that's just a function of getting older.
You ask anybody what their number one fear is, and it's public humiliation. Multiply that on a global scale, and that's what I've been through.
I don't think of myself as either American or Australian really, I'm a true hybrid. It's a good thing for me because both of them are really good countries.
A woman should be home with the children, building that home and making sure there's a secure family atmosphere.
I'm as vain as the next guy. I have a facade on right now. But you can't see it, because it's reality-based.
The Holy Ghost was working through me on this film, and I was just direction traffic.
But although Australia was also involved in the Vietnam conflict, I can remember my dad telling us that if we were in Australia, we wouldn't be drafted until we were 20.
What I need to do to heal myself and to be assuring and allay the fears of others and to heal them if they had any heart wounds from something I may have said.
I'll always continue to work. I've never much depended on anyone but myself, as far as that goes.
And, hey, I'm not under the illusion that everything's just going to be hunky-dory work wise forever. I've never been under that illusion. Things could go away tomorrow.
I was spiritually bankrupt, and when that happens, it's like a spiritual cancer afflicts you.
Acting is like lying. The art of lying well. I'm paid to tell elaborate lies.
When you get to that point where you don't want to live, and you don't want to die, it's a desperate, horrible place to be. And I just hit my knees. And I had to use 'The Passion of the Christ' to heal my wounds.
I like going in to different styles of acting and exploring stuff I haven't done before.
My biggest weakness is that I'm excessive. Fortunately for everyone concerned, I'm not as excessive as I used to be.
I think the 'Lethal Weapon' movies contain my favorite performances. It sounds really crummy, I know, but although the work doesn't look hard, it's difficult to create 'effortless' on screen.
Hollywood is a factory. You have to realize that you are working in a factory and you're part of the mechanism. If you break down, you'll be replaced.
I don't care if I don't act anymore.
I could easily not act again. It's not a problem.
We're all dying. We're all in the process of oxidizing. Everyone of us is in the process of oxidizing, so to sort of interrupt one aspect of that while everything else goes on, it's a freak show.
I'm not under the illusion that everything's just going to be hunky-dory work wise forever. I've never been under that illusion. Things could go away tomorrow.
I do moderate exercise, and I try to eat pretty well, and I think it has an effect on me.
I have learned that a bitter experience can make you stronger.
