Canadian,Actor
Family is not an important thing. It's everything.
Acceptance doesn't mean resignation; it means understanding that something is what it is and that there's got to be a way through it.
There's always failure. And there's always disappointment. And there's always loss. But the secret is learning from the loss, and realizing that none of those holes are vacuums.
My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.
I like to encourage people to realize that any action is a good action if it's proactive and there is positive intent behind it.
Discipline is just doing the same thing the right way whether anyone's watching or not.
I have no choice about whether or not I have Parkinson's. I have nothing but choices about how I react to it. In those choices, there's freedom to do a lot of things in areas that I wouldn't have otherwise found myself in.
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence I can reach for; perfection is God's business.
The least amount of judging we can do, the better off we are.
I see possibilities in everything. For everything that's taken away, something of greater value has been given.
I can't always control my body the way I want to, and I can't control when I feel good or when I don't. I can control how clear my mind is. And I can control how willing I am to step up if somebody needs me.
Medical science has proven time and again that when the resources are provided, great progress in the treatment, cure, and prevention of disease can occur.
The more I expect, the more unhappy I am going to be. The more I accept, the more serene I am.
The thing that brings people to wail at a wall, or face Mecca, or to go to church, is a search for that feeling of purity.
Teenagers blithely skip off to uncertain futures, while their parents sit weeping curbside in the Volvo, because the adolescent brain isn't yet formed enough to recognize and evaluate risk.
I think the scariest person in the world is the person with no sense of humor.
Humility is always a good thing. It's always a good thing to be humbled by circumstances so you can then come from a sincere place to try to deal with them.
What other people think about me is not my business.
I'm going to marry a Jewish woman because I like the idea of getting up Sunday morning and going to the deli.
I definitely believe in a higher power.
I don't look at myself as a leader. I do look at myself as part of a community.
Zoos are becoming facsimiles - or perhaps caricatures - of how animals once were in their natural habitat. If the right policies toward nature were pursued, we would need no zoos at all.
I have a remarkably normal life.
So what I say about Tracy is this: Tracy's big challenge is not having a Parkinson's patient for a husband. It's having me for a husband. I happen to be a Parkinson's patient.
If you asked my kids to describe me, they'd go through a whole list of words before even thinking about Parkinson's. And honestly, I don't think about it that much either. I talk about it because it's there, but it's not my totality.
Pain is temporary, film is forever.
Tracy is more a help to me than I am to her.
I worked very hard on those movies but there was some creative connection that wasn't being made.
In my 50s I'll be dancing at my children's weddings.
I had all the usual ambition growing up. I wanted to be a writer, a musician, a hockey player. I wanted to do something that wasn't nine to five. Acting was the first thing I tried that clicked.
The only thing worse than an opportunity you don't deserve is blowing an opportunity.
When you're a short actor you stand on apple boxes, you walk on a ramp. When you're a short star everybody else walks in a ditch.
I can't be smug, because I know that you can lose anything at any point. And I can't be angry, because I haven't lost it.
I still play hockey every now and then, and I still golf. But my biggest exercise is walking my big dog in the park every day.
I truly believe that we have infinite levels of power that we don't even know are available to us.
My wife is Jewish, and therefore, it's my children's birthright to be Jewish.
So I never spend a lot of time analyzing why people respond to my work. But I think that it's just the joy, a passion for life, that I think has always been in my characters. Beyond that, I'm just grateful for it.
I've never gotten up to see something one of my kids wanted to show me and not been rewarded.
If I don't get food in my mouth, I'm still happy. If my pants are round my ankles, as long as I don't get arrested for indecent exposure, I'm happy. I'm worried about keeping my hair, not how it's combed.
Just as Parkinson's isn't a big topic of conversation in my house, neither is my career.
I don't look at life as a battle or as a fight. I don't think I'm scrappy. I'm accepting.
I really love being alive. I love my family and my work. I love the opportunity I have to do things. That's what happiness is.
I'm not a shill for the Democratic Party.
I don't have any affirmations, I don't have any of that stuff. My natural state is to look at things as possibilities and as opportunities.
I have so many things that I say to my kids, I just drive them crazy.
I always felt that I came up short in the education department, but I've come to the conclusion that we all get an education.
By the time I entered high school, I had forsaken academics altogether in favor of my burgeoning acting career.
No, I got a GED in my 30s. My kids know that I never stop learning, and they know I love reading. I have books overflowing everywhere. I am current on today's events and I read the paper every day, and we talk about it, so they see that appetite.
I don't have a set of tenets, but I live an ethical life. I practice a humility that presupposes there's a power greater than myself. And I always believe, don't inflict harm where it's not necessary.
Life is the power that's greater than I can ever comprehend. The way life runs through everything, even the tiniest elements of nature - that makes me humble.
I was eccentric, even as a kid. I was an early reader, an early talker. I was very curious in a way that maybe the other kids weren't. I was a little more outgoing.
I don't subscribe to any particular doctrine or ideology. I just think that there's kind of a good and bad, the good being life in its purest, happiest form, and the other being the darker side of existence.
I believe that the majority of times the scale tilts toward the good. It's this amazing thing that rolls on and if we get in the flow of it, that's God. And if we fight it, if we swim the other way, we're swimming away from the purest expression of this life.
I'm a dad, I'm a husband, I'm an activist, I'm a writer and I'm just a student of the world.
In fact, Parkinson's has made me a better person. A better husband, father and overall human being.
My view of life is colored by humor and looking at the best in any situation.
As much as Parkinson's is about movement, the end stage is being frozen. So the more I let that happen, the more I'm gonna be stuck within that and unable to reverse it.
I have times when I'm off-balance. I have times when I slur my words. I have times when I walk into walls. I have times when I can't remember somebody's name.
I discovered that I was part of a Parkinson's community with similar experiences and similar questions that I'd been dealing with alone.
The moment I understood this - that my Parkinson's was the one thing I wasn't going to change - I started looking at the things I could change, like the way research is funded.
I've learned some exciting things - mostly, that people really want to help each other; and that, if you can lay out a vision for them - and that vision is sincere and genuine - they'll get interested.
Vanity's really overrated. When I was 20, teenage girls had my picture on the wall... I don't need to be pretty anymore. I just am who I am.
I didn't just want to be a poster boy and sign on to publicize somebody else's method of operations. If I was going to put myself out there, I wanted to make sure that it was to an end. So I got involved with this congressional hearing about Parkinson's being underfunded.
Certainly people have a lot tougher situations than I've had to deal with. But I will say we are all dying from the moment we are born. This is not just rehearsal.
When I was younger, I was always described as happy-go-lucky.
I don't set a whole lot of goals. It smacks a little bit of will to me, and I find that will is not the way to go for me.
My whole life, meeting people is like a blind date, because I feel like they've already seen the video on me.
No matter how much money you have, you can lose it.
If you have doubts about someone, lay on a couple of jokes. If he doesn't find anything funny, your radar should be screaming. Then I would say be patient with people who are negative, because they're really having a hard time.
The 'Rescue Me' gig was a unique opportunity to play a character - a misanthropic, angry guy - who was so contrary to how people think of me.
