American,Actor
A brick layer, lays bricks... I'm an Actor, that's what I do.
It's much less interesting as an actor playing someone who's purely good or purely evil.
I usually work from the inside out but sometimes in comedy it's fun to work from the outside in.
My wife and I met when each of us was dragged to a party we didn't want to go to by friends. I was coming off a bad injury, but my roommate insisted I get out of the house and be around people. God love our friends; we've been together 20 years now!
The best part of being married is, everything we face in life, we face as a team. I don't do a thing - professionally or personally - without discussing it with my wife.
I am the first to admit my iPad is the coolest thing in the world, but when we can be in a room together and really connect, or leave the gadgets home and go for a hike, then I'm happy.
The most challenging part of being a dad is self-restraint. So often your instinct is to teach and tell. I am constantly reminding myself to listen to them.
I think one of the most humiliating moments of my life was putting on spandex, personally. It's always nice when four women pull you into spandex when you're in jockey shorts. Yeah.
Prior to 'The Shield,' basic cable was just a wasteland of reruns and NASCAR. When we came along, I think there was a collective, 'Hey, if they can do that, why can't we?' from the basic-cable networks of the world. We ended up being the cornerstone for a network, and a great one.
When something that occupies a giant space in your life comes to an end, then you have to go through a mourning period. I loved 'The Shield.' It was one of the hardest and one of the greatest experiences of my life. But having said that, I'm always thinking about what's next.
Some people have questioned whether or not I can play a nice guy. Sometimes you can't win for losing.
I'm a workaholic. I could easily work 300-plus days of the year.
Patience has never been my strong suit.
I've been a musician my whole life. I'm really enjoying making music again.
That pesky acting career has always gotten in the way of me doing something with music.
