American,Actor
Acting is really scary, but it's also challenging, fun, hard work. There's always an element of improvisation with every actor, even when something is really scripted.
There are two kinds of directors: There's the kind where two plus two equals four, and you have to help them figure it out. And then there's the kind that throws you in a room, locks the door, sets the house on fire and films it.
All these directors who do different locations forget that one room can be shot from a million different angles and a million different ways. When I direct a movie, I'm going to use that.
I think in some ways you learn more from the things you don't like than the things you do.
People don't want to be plagued by not knowing-they want answers.
When actors give their input, it can be very ego-driven, and directors are scared of that.
I feel that film, as opposed to theatre, is about capturing that one, real moment.
It sounds cliche, but success is your friends, your family, what you do, and if you're happy when you wake up.
I think Van Sant is the most important American director we have. He takes the most risks. He's just pure to me.
'Boardwalk' begins literally on the first day of Prohibition, which I think was a wonderful way to start - to have the story kind of come out of this massive historical phenomenon. And the more I researched the '20s, the more I discovered just how interesting it was.
Well, the first thing I wanted to be was a carpenter. Then I wanted to be a painter and then a singer. It was when I first saw 'Lawrence of Arabia' that I wanted to be an actor.
I'm doing a record that has a story that runs through all of the songs, and then there is also a film that goes along with it.
A kid now can practically record a song or edit a short film on his way to school. I think that will produce, perhaps, more less-interesting things - or you'll have to search more to find the interesting things. But I also think it's exciting.
'Boardwalk' has kind of exposed me to a different demographic. And it upped my skills in terms of the speed with which I can prep a scene, and I'm excited to apply that.
There are directors who, their direction is high, but then when you challenge it, it crumbles. They can't back up what they're asking.
Different films have different places in people's lives. I don't get to see a lot of films, so I want to watch films I learn from.
I'm not prejudiced about what type of movies I'm in, what form they take or whether they're studio or independent. I just want to make films that are going to be good. The main reason is not to make money, although at some points it's really difficult when you're broke.
'Dawson's Creek' was my introduction to the industry. It put some money in my pocket and it put me in the position I wanted to be in, where I could audition for projects that I wanted to be a part of. I didn't find it creatively fulfilling in any way though.
Personally, I'm very classic. If I'm going to wear a suit, it's going to be classic, black, and fit very well. There's nothing like it.
I don't have a lot of time to surf the net and see what everyone's wearing.
I don't get to see a lot of films, so I want to watch films I learn from.
I'm not prejudiced about what type of movies I'm in, what form they take or whether they're studio or independent. I just want to make films that are going to be good.
'Dawson's Creek' was my introduction to the industry. It put some money in my pocket and it put me in the position I wanted to be in, where I could audition for projects that I wanted to be a part of. I didn't find it creatively fulfilling in any way, though. Working with artists excites me, but 'Dawson's Creek' didn't do that.
