American,Actor
My only goal is to stay focused on my craft and make sure my life is as sharp as it can be to attack any character that is given to me.
As we say in the hood, I'm a stoop kid.
Having been through the muck and mire, I've had my own brush with bad choices.
Revenge is not a positive state of mind or energy to indulge your self in.
You know, my childhood was pretty colorful; I like to use the word 'turbulent.'
God has blessed me. I've been given a lot. I'm at peace with myself. It's time to give back.
My dream role is to portray someone like James Baldwin. I've always been a fan of his writing, and I feel like he's one of our unsung heroes. He's been pretty much forgotten, and I think he needs to be recognized. He had to go all the way to Europe to find recognition and acceptance, and I'd just like to bring him to the forefront.
I came out the womb dancing.
I haven't had a problem with being typecast, but if I was only getting one type of role, I wouldn't mind. What I'm worried about is not working.
I know nothing of what it is to be a gangster.
I come to work on time. I focus on my job. I bust my scenes out and everything else kind of happens from there.
I'm totally comfortable today with the success that Omar and 'The Wire' have brought me - living with that character, being recognized and remembered for that character.
You know, Tupac is very near and dear to my heart. He started my career as an actor.
I know plenty of adults who act like teenagers.
Music is always a part of my characters' make-up.
All my characters have playlists.
People misconstrue when I say I was a dancer. I was not classically trained. I was a street dancer, and I got to do what I did in the nightclubs of New York City.
The arts saved my life.
Doing something that warrants the attention of the President of the United States is super cool.
'The Wire' is very realistic and based on real events.
People say they love the characters I've chosen in my career. But I didn't choose anything. I just happened to be working and these were offered to me.
I got picked on a lot as a kid.
If you've ever felt oppressed on any level, there's something from 'The Wire' that you can take and identify with.
I'm more liable to hurt myself than someone else.
Cajun culture is dying.
I do happen to love Honey Nut Cheerios. I don't know if I want to walk down to the store in my pajamas for them. But I do love them.
