American,Actor
It's no fun being a loser. Trust me.
Comeback is a good word, man.
When I first met Alan Parker, who directed 'Angel Heart,' he'd heard so many horror stories about me that he was literally scared to death of me. Right away, he sat me down and said, 'I'm very scared of you. I've heard you're a very bad boy.'
I had a bonding problem when I went off and boxed for five years. I was over in Europe and Asia fighting because I wanted to do something different; I was tired of acting. But the thing is, when I was done doing that, I couldn't get a job.
Where I come from, being a hard man is being able to take a good beating and then get back up again and carry on fighting.
It was either therapy or die.
I did think for many, many years that because of my ability I could beat the system. And I was wrong.
What I've got to do now is let them judge me for who I am as an actor and not for my notoriety.
I don't mind getting punched in the nose by a guy standing in front of me. It's getting stabbed in the back that I can't handle.
I come from a violent background. So I became hard. I realised that I had made myself that way to deal with a feeling of abandonment and shame.
Some of your worst gangsters are guys who were very low-key.
I try to find the right director who won't compromise his or anyone else's integrity, and yet be political enough to give the studio what they want, yet put up a fight to maintain that integrity.
People are always afraid of the truth.
As time goes by and you're getting older and stuff like that - getting older sucks. You know, I hear all this crap about, 'Oh, you can age with dignity.' Really?
Mitch Glazer and I went to high school together, and his mother was my English teacher for two years. She was my favorite teacher, and I followed Mitch's career as a journalist, so we've kind of kept in touch over the years.
Once you've been somebody, really, you have a career and you're a nobody anymore, and you're getting older, you're living what's called a state of shame.
I trained like an animal, but the thing is focus and concentration. When the bell rings it's like when the little red light goes on over the camera. And I can usually nail my lines on the first or second take because I'm right there.
Acting was never my first choice as a profession, but I came to terms with it when I decided I better buckle down and be the best I can be at it.
I always knew I'd accomplish something very special - like robbing a bank perhaps.
A lot of the stuff I am now seeing is edgy, raw kinda material.
It's the formulaic studio movies the make money, and when they do, the actors in them are automatically movie stars.
Years ago I realized that maybe I made mistake, politically, when I turned a lot of that stuff down. I would go off to obscure places and make movies that six people went to see.
I was very immature when I was young, and for me there was no balance. Everything was just all or nothing.
A couple of guys won Academy Awards for the things that I turned down. Today, after coming to terms with everything, after being in therapy for a long time-there are areas where I will compromise.
It was the most fun I've ever had on a movie. It was one of the happiest times in my life. I was living in New York, and I really enjoyed acting at the time. Also, it's funny because that was also the time when I went downhill.
I started to shortcircuit because I had high aspirations for the film. I never told anybody that.
I behaved worse than anybody for 15 years, and you have to pay the price for that. I used to blame other people, then therapy made me realise I had to change.
A reputation is really hard to live down.
I spent a lot of years trying to beat the system and, in the end, the system kicked my behind good.
Sometimes, when a man is alone, that's all you got is your dog.
Wrestling and boxing is like Ping-Pong and rugby. There's no connection.
My dogs are more important than my family.
Being out of work for 13 to 15 years is no walk in the park.
I didn't have a childhood, really, because I worked my whole life and... other reasons. So when I had some success, I went ballistic. That was my childhood, and the party kept going on.
I'm the worst surfer in California. My balance is off from boxing.
I love the first Godfather movie, part one. And two.
I don't care what Tom Cruise says about therapy.
People need medicine and they need therapists.
When you lose everything, and I mean everything, you sit there in this empty room in the dark, and the only person who can get you out is you.
The hardest thing in life to do is to change.
Bounty hunters these days - because everything is so sophisticated with computers and surveillance, it doesn't have to be a one-man-army-type guy who goes in and kicks a door down.
I used to love playing football in high school. I played with the same guys for 10 years.
There's always going to be a war going on inside of me. That's just, I think, my make-up.
Winning an Oscar ain't about performance. There's a lot of politics involved.
I'd just as soon do a big-budget movie as an independent one.
Sometimes the independent movies can get a little too arty-farty. You watch the IFC Channel and you want to throw up. You don't always have to take things so serious, you know.
I never knew my father, and I'd hate to repeat that kind of cycle with my own children, because I'd also want to be there for them no matter what.
The ladies love me and I love the ladies!
In Hollywood, you're always playing roles... It's like going through the motions. But in real life, it's like, you gotta take care of business. It's not just the movies.
