American,Actor
Love lasts only for months, sometimes only for minutes. But if you like somebody, it's for a lifetime!
Sometimes the transition from being in control of your life to having absolutely no control is swift, but other times it is so gradual that you wonder exactly when it truly began.
I didn't want to be short. I've tried to pretend that being a short guy didn't matter. I tried to make up for being short by affecting a strut, by adopting the voice of a much bigger man, by spending more money than I made, by tipping double or triple at bars and restaurants, by dating tall, beautiful women.
You've got to recognize, there will never be another you. It has nothing to do with ego; it happens to be the truth. There will never be another person the same. There'll never be another you.
If you listen, you'll learn. If you talk over each other, you don't accomplish anything.
I don't drink. I don't smoke. I don't drink coffee. Starbucks is not going to make any money on me.
Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day.
All the muddy waters of my life cleared up when I gave myself to Christ.
I don't regret anything I've ever done. I only wish I could have done more.
Yeah, a few of the films I made were so bad they didn't get released - they escaped.
Everything is about looking for happiness and God. That was a sentiment shared by my dear friend Ronald Reagan.
I keep going because if you stop, you stop. Why retire? Inspire.
To those seniors, and especially elderly veterans like myself, I want to tell you this: You are not alone, and you having nothing to be ashamed of. If elder abuse happened to me, it can happen to anyone. I want you to know that you deserve better.
Joe Louis was one of my closest friends.... I'm a great boxing fan. I used to go to the American Legion Stadium in Hollywood, every Friday night for 15 years. Down the aisle would come Lupe Velez, Johnny Weismuller, Mae West. All at ringside.
My money was stolen from me. I was eventually stripped of the ability to make even the most basic decisions... my daily life became unbearable.
There are people who think they know everything about everything. What they don't know is that every moment is a learning moment.
I was about six years old when I did 'Orchids and Ermine.' They dressed me in a suit, put a mustache under my nose, a cigar in my mouth, a cane in my hand, and a hat on my head.
I'm the only man in the world with a marriage licence made out to whom it may concern.
I've been stealing scenes all my life.
All I want is to live a peaceful life, to regain my life and be happy.
I was a thirteen-year-old boy for thirty years.
A lot of people have asked me how short I am. Since my last divorce, I think I'm about $100,000 short.
I buy women shoes and they use them to walk away from me.
You always pass failure on your way to success.
When I say I do, the justice of the peace replies, 'I know, I know...'
When I was nineteen years old, I was the number-one star for two years. When I was forty, nobody wanted me. I couldn't get a job.
