American,Actor
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.
If you live a life of make-believe, your life isn't worth anything until you do something that does challenge your reality. And to me, sailing the open ocean is a real challenge, because it's life or death.
The best way to guarantee a loss is to quit.
One of the things you can always depend on - this is one of the truths of the universe, and you heard it first from here - whatever we decide we want to do is what we do.
As you grow in this business, you learn how to do more with less.
I always tell my kids if you lay down, people will step over you. But if you keep scrambling, if you keep going, someone will always, always give you a hand. Always. But you gotta keep dancing, you gotta keep your feet moving.
Was I always going to be here? No I was not. I was going to be homeless at one time, a taxi driver, truck driver, or any kind of job that would get me a crust of bread. You never know what's going to happen.
I am going to stop calling you a white man and I'm going to ask you to stop calling me a black man.
When I was doing theater, I was very successful at believing that I was great, God's gift to the theater.
Let me be the first to tell you, drinking alcohol is the worst thing to do in cold weather. Hot soup is the best because the process of digesting food helps to warm you up.
Life doesn't offer you promises whatsoever so it's very easy to become, 'Whatever happened to... ?' It's great to be wanted. I spent a few years not being wanted and this is better.
I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history.
But I can say that life is good to me. Has been and is good. So I think my task is to be good to it. So how do you be good to life? You live it.
I've been living with myself all of my life, so I know all of me. So when I watch me, all I see is me. It's boring.
I knew at an early age I wanted to act. Acting was always easy for me. I don't believe in predestination, but I do believe that once you get where ever it is you are going, that is where you were going to be.
When I was a teenager, I began to settle into school because I'd discovered the extracurricular activities that interested me: music and theater.
Let me tell you about being executive producer. It is not a job, it's a title. Don't go around asking executive producers what they do because they don't do anything, alright?
I joined the air force. I took to it immediately when I arrived there. I did three years, eight months, and ten days in all, but it took me a year and a half to get disabused of my romantic notions about it.
Dr. Martin Luther King is not a black hero. He is an American hero.
I gravitate towards gravitas.
There's no mystery to it. Nothing more complicated than learning lines and putting on a costume.
Is there a movie I think I should have won the Oscar for? Yeah. All of them.
It's what I learn from the great actors that I work with. Stillness. That's all and that's the hardest thing.
And some places you been before are so great that you don't ever mind going back. Some places you been before you don't ever want to go back, you know, like Montreal in the Winter.
I want to thank everybody and anybody who ever had anything to do with the making of this picture.
And finding the hat, I always like to find the hat. And then props just dress the set. It's all fabulous.
You're going to relegate my history to a month.
It's sort of well-known that anytime any catastrophe happens anywhere in the world, they can count on the United States for help.
Acting means living, it's all I do and all I'm good at. If I weren't getting paid well, I would still be acting in a small troupe somewhere.
I do know there are a lot of people who seem to be in my corner, and that's, of course, wonderful. I'm really more interested in the nomination than in the award, because I think the nomination just puts you within a group of outstanding actors.
I don't know what my favorite film of mine is... But I think the most important film I was in was 'Glory'.
I find it difficult to watch myself... I find it boring.
The reason actors, artists, writers have agents is because we'll do it for nothing. That's a basic fact - you gotta do it.
