American,Actor
I don't worry. I don't doubt. I'm daring. I'm a rebel.
You might not have the things you want, but if you check carefully, you got all you need.
As a kid, I got three meals a day. Oatmeal, miss-a-meal and no meal.
If you can't read, the only thing you can do is enjoy the pictures, not the whole story. Reading is the key to knowledge. Knowledge is the key to understanding. So read on, young man! Read on, young lady!
I'm tough when I have to be, tender when I should be. When you find a really tough guy, he's not a predator. He doesn't have to prove himself. Guys who have to pretend to be tough, they ain't. I'm tough.
Any man who doesn't love his mama can't be no friend of mine.
God is on my side, and that's all I need. I get up in the morning, I pray to God. I don't pray to the president, the governor, the mayor, no black caucus, no this and that. I pray to God, and that's the end of it.
You'll never have any trouble with Mr. T, I'm just a big, calm teddy bear kind of guy. Mr. T ain't ashamed to cry. When I go out and I meet people who are suffering and they come and talk to me, Mr. T cries, Mr. T who could break a man's jaw with his fist.
I don't like magic - but I have been known to make guys disappear.
When I was growing up, my family was so poor we couldn't afford to pay attention.
My mother told me, 'Son, nobody else but God knows.' And that's what I'm about - reaching out to the people, crying with them, giving them hope. Visiting the hospital, visiting the kids with cancer, visiting the adults, and stuff like that. That's what I do.
To be a bodyguard is to be a kamikaze pilot. Dedicated.
My celebrity status allows me an opportunity, allows me a pulpit to preach and reach out to the people. Not even always preaching but just leading, motivating them by being a leader.
I'm a Christian - I really don't believe in UFOs.
Gold was a gift to Jesus. If it's good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!
I believe in the Golden Rule - The Man with the Gold... Rules.
Back in the day, I would wear up to 45 pounds of gold. It would take me four hours to get dressed!
I take a lot of pride in the work I do, because people pay to see me. They've got to get babysitters, park their car, get popcorn and candy. I've got to be conscious of that.
WWE asked me to be in the Hall of Fame, and I turned it down. You know why? They put Pete Rose in the wrestling Hall of Fame. This guy can't even get into his own Hall of Fame.
I know about two things: 'Rocky III' and Clubber Lang, and 'A-Team' and B.A. Baracus. That's who I am!
When I'm in the house of God, I don't wear my jewelry, if you're looking for my jewelry. All you see is my heart of gold.
All I ever wanted to do with my life was own a little house. I did that way back with 'Rocky,' so now everything I do is just icing on the cake.
I'm a child of God first. Before I became a celebrity, I was baptized a Christian.
I tell everybody, I get so much because I give so much. I give freely, I give all my time, give all my money, give all of my soul. I try to motivate people. I try to inspire them.
Basically, I wear sandals, like Jesus. When it gets cold in Chicago, the snow way up to my knees, I still wear my sandals. But that's me.
When I was old enough to change my name, I changed it to Mr. T so that the first word out of someone's mouth was 'Mister,' a sign of respect.
