English,Actor
I was an amazing bartender and a great waiter. I think, in a way, that was my acting school.
I like to think I'm some savage realist.
I find acting tough, but sitting around chatting - that's easy.
I always think I could play a fantastic psychopath. I'd like to play a psycho. With a heart, you know. A caring lunatic.
If you think about America, it is about getting your backpack on and heading out.
One of my biggest disappointments is watching the trailer for the second 'Lord of the Rings' film and having Gandalf in it. Why? You know, he died in the first one, why give it away in the trailer just to try and sell a thousand more seats? It's daft.
I would be happy living on a massive ranch in Montana and not seeing anyone except my friends and family.
I'm not going to say I'm not a fan, but I'm a fan of house music, essentially, and kind of indie, and I was always into the kind of sub-pop Seattle Mud Honey and Pearl Jam kind of sound. But my kind of big love was house music ever since I was 15/16, going to raves when I was 15 or 16 years old and not going to school, like a naughty boy.
I wanted to write rather than do anything else. But 'cause I left school at 15, I didn't know what a noun was, still don't.
I don't describe myself as a sociable person now. I can be quite... you know... grumpy? Is that a word? I guess I can be a bit grumpy.
In the early 2000s, I was introduced to the noble art of kickboxing, it thrilled me, and I loved it. I loved the honour and the discipline, and I also loved the punching.
I'd like to play the voice of the Iron in the Monopoly movie.
I think some people see me as being some kind of lovable, bumbling buffoon, and I'm actually quite mouthy and sharp, and that doesn't compute.
It's nice to have someone write a couture character for you.
I'm comedy's forgotten nearly man.
I fall in love with every film while I'm doing it. I fall in love with the directors, I fall in love with the process. I don't think I could do it otherwise.
People presume just because you're a bigger bloke that you wouldn't be physically fit or up for the fight, but that couldn't be further from the truth.
The fight scenes in 'The World's End' have a certain balletic quality to them.
I like to go home early, that's my thing. My idea of a pub crawl lasts from midday until 5 P.M., then I can go home, play with my kid, have tea and go to bed.
I'd be happy doing anything on a film set.
A lot of people who do drama say comedy is the hardest thing, but, not wanting to sound like a bighead, comedy is easy for me, as I've always been fairly funny.
I love working. I feel guilty about doing nothing; I get bored.
Someone once pulled me aside and said it was all right to succeed, and I realised that I knew what failure felt like, but I didn't know what success felt like. I've carried that with me ever since.
Even though I didn't write 'Shaun Of The Dead' and 'Hot Fuzz,' I never felt left out of the creative process.
I am a geek in terms of, I love 'Close Encounters' and I love 'Star Wars,' but other things... 'Doctor Who,' I don't really care about at all, I couldn't give a fig about it.
There's a difference between watching a film and watching a bit of cinema and enjoying a film as a piece of cinema.
