Danish,Actor
I always wanted to be an actor, but I just never told anyone. I had this superstition that if I said it out loud, it wouldn't come true.
I know nothing more annoying when people I don't know jump to conclusions on my person based on nothing but gossip or speculation.
Personally, I think fidelity is important. I don't see any point in being together if you're not being honest, having fun together, and respecting one another. Why would you stay in a relationship otherwise?
It's beautiful being out in the wild.
I think advice is cheap. You can only really learn by doing and making mistakes.
The only thing I find difficult to watch - horror movies - not that I don't like them. Like 'The Shining,' it's one of my favorite movies, but it's terrifying. I feel like I've watched a marathon afterwards.
Fart jokes still work for me.
I'm in a monogamous relationship and have been for many, many years. I think it's a choice. I don't think you can generalize, though, and what works for me may not work for other people, but I don't think everybody cheats. We're all different.
I like to be comfortable. If I go out, if it's a premiere, I'll put on a suit and look nice. I like Hugo Boss for that.
It doesn't hurt to be in 'Game of Thrones,' that's for sure, mainly because people actually see your work, and that is great.
When I was a kid I was always afraid of small dogs, because they always seemed like the ones that would attack.
Ever since I was a kid, I always wanted to be an actor.
If you look at most of the Royal Houses in Europe, the inbreeding was pretty outstanding.
I like to be comfortable.
I think we all have the capacity of evil in us.
I like to wear beautiful clothes, but I don't have that many.
What's great about 'Game of Thrones' is they change the perspective, the POV, all the time. So you will have one story told by one character and you'll go, 'Oh my God, horrible', and then maybe the season after you have the same story told but from the person you thought was just the most horrible, vile creature.
I'm a fan of great storytelling.
There's something liberating about watching someone not following the rules.
As an actor, secrets and obstacles fuel the character.
I couldn't pick up a sword and go fight anyone, let me put it that way. It's choreography and it's acting. The best sword fights you see look amazing, but it's the acting that sells it more than anything.
I was 15 or 16 when I first saw 'Once Upon A Time In America,' so I was quite young, but I was completely blown away.
What I love about acting is that you are exposed to so many different things. Horse-riding, sailing, travelling to amazing places.
I try not to regret too much. I find that feeling guilty takes up so much of my time already.
I'm a huge 'Breaking Bad' fan; I would be really annoyed if anyone told me anything about what was going to happen in the last eight episodes.
I love political dramas. I love good story-telling.
There's a recent film, the Swedish movie 'Force Majeure.' I just thought it was brilliant.
I'm a fan of Ed Norton.
Horrible things happen all our lives; we all experience loss and death and trauma. Usually, most people, I think, we just get on with it. We don't have a whole soliloquy in the middle of something.
Some of the stuff in Season 3 on 'Game of Thrones' - the amount of mud I had to eat, not intentionally but by accident - was pretty tough.
I've never heard of the wife looking up the mistress to become friends, but I like it.
The most famous actress who did the 'dumb blond' routine was Marilyn Monroe, but she was a genius actress.
It's okay for a guy to be a baddie, but a woman? No, we can't deal with that.
There's nothing exceptional about me, but there's something exceptional about Jaime Lannister, and I think that's what's interesting.
Jerome Flynn is a great actor.
Most people can relate to that whole annoying thing when people think they know who you are.
There are so many things to do in New York. I try to get to the theater and see some plays. I have a bicycle over here, and I ride around New York.
I started at drama school at 18.
Acting in 'Game of Thrones' is all consuming.
I do remember a teacher telling me when I was about ten that I was really good at acting. I was so proud, even though I am sure he said that to all of us in the class.
I actually met a cop who worked with street gangs. I wanted to understand what drives someone who deals with very hardened criminals on a daily basis. How do you turn that off when you go home at night?
'Game of Thrones' is so unique, and the odds that any of us involved will be in another show like it are very slim, so I'm enjoying the ride.
I'm very good when people dress me. But I find it difficult to spend a lot of money on clothes.
I love to go into John Varvatos and look at the beautiful leather jackets. They're beautiful and soft. I try them on, and then I look at the price tag and go and pick up a t-shirt. It's just the way I am.
My old mother, she has no idea what's going on in this world.
I would be very wrong to charge anyone to watch me dance or sing.
Everyone's expectation of New York is so big, and then you go, 'Oh, it really is like no other place on Earth!'
For my kids, it's just weird to see your dad pretend to be someone else. It's weird to see your father make out with another woman. It's not cool.
Abusive relationships go on and on. You're in it for so long that it can almost be impossible to see it for what it is. That just becomes your life. We get used to and adapt.
I think the core of Jaime Lannister is actually that final line in the pilot when he says, 'The things I do for love.' He might do horrible things - and they are truly, some of them, horrific. There's no excuses. But he does it out of what he sees as a necessity, out of love.
When I was first told about 'Game of Thrones,' I didn't know the books, anything. So I read the pilot, and when I got the first script, it was clear the story was about these people and families and a constant battle for power.
I actually read somewhere that they measured how many calories you burn from watching movies, and horror movies are way, way up the list.
Burpees are great, but they just kill you.
My ambition has always been to work with English and American actors and directors. Those were the movies that I was watching when I was growing up.
You can be as good an actor as you want but, if your accent is too strong, it's going to limit you.
