American,Actor
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.
Nobody gets justice. People only get good luck or bad luck.
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story.
The classy gangster is a Hollywood invention.
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet.
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what's for lunch.
Good evening, ladies and gentleman. My name is Orson Welles. I am an actor. I am a writer. I am a producer. I am a director. I am a magician. I appear onstage and on the radio. Why are there so many of me and so few of you?
If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends.
Everything about me is a contradiction, and so is everything about everybody else. We are made out of oppositions; we live between two poles. There's a philistine and an aesthete in all of us, and a murderer and a saint. You don't reconcile the poles. You just recognize them.
Popularity should be no scale for the election of politicians. If it would depend on popularity, Donald Duck and The Muppets would take seats in senate.
I don't say we all ought to misbehave, but we ought to look as if we could.
The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
I want to give the audience a hint of a scene. No more than that. Give them too much and they won't contribute anything themselves. Give them just a suggestion and you get them working with you. That's what gives the theater meaning: when it becomes a social act.
The notion of directing a film is the invention of critics - the whole eloquence of cinema is achieved in the editing room.
Personally, I don't like a girlfriend to have a husband. If she'll fool her husband, I figure she'll fool me.
Everybody denies I am a genius - but nobody ever called me one!
I have always been more interested in experiment, than in accomplishment.
I was spoiled in a very strange way as a child, because everybody told me, from the moment I was able to hear, that I was absolutely marvelous, and I never heard a discouraging word for years, you see. I didn't know what was ahead of me.
I hate television. I hate it as much as peanuts. But I can't stop eating peanuts.
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.
I have an unfortunate personality.
Race hate isn't human nature; race hate is the abandonment of human nature.
Fake is as old as the Eden tree.
I have a great love and respect for religion, great love and respect for atheism. What I hate is agnosticism, people who do not choose.
See, I believe that it is not true that different races and nations are alike. I'm profoundly convinced that that's a total lie. I think people are different. Sardinians, for example, have stubby little fingers. Bosnians have short necks.
On my tombstone, I want written: 'He never did 'Love Boat!'
I'm never certain of a performance - my own or the other actors' - or the script or anything... But to me it seems there's only one place in the world the camera can be, and the decision usually comes immediately.
There were centuries when civilization had no theater.
I can think of nothing that an audience won't understand. The only problem is to interest them; once they are interested, they understand anything in the world.
I have the terrible feeling that, because I am wearing a white beard and am sitting in the back of the theatre, you expect me to tell you the truth about something. These are the cheap seats, not Mount Sinai.
People are losing the capacity to listen to words or follow ideas.
There's no biography so interesting as the one in which the biographer is present.
I started at the top and worked my way down.
I do not suppose I shall be remembered for anything. But I don't think about my work in those terms. It is just as vulgar to work for the sake of posterity as to work for the sake of money.
I feel I have to protect myself against things. So I'm pretty careful to lose most of them.
I passionately hate the idea of being with it; I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time.
The best thing commercially, which is the worst artistically, by and large, is the most successful.
Now I'm an old Christmas tree, the roots of which have died. They just come along and while the little needles fall off me replace them with medallions.
Ecstasy is not really part of the scene we can do on celluloid.
The essential is to excite the spectators. If that means playing Hamlet on a flying trapeze or in an aquarium, you do it.
The laws and the stage, both are a form of exhibitionism.
Now we sit through Shakespeare in order to recognize the quotations.
At twenty-one, so many things appear solid, permanent, untenable.
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
I've always found it very sanitary to be broke.
Each multiplex has screens allocated to each studio. The screens need filling. Studios have to create product to fill their screen, and the amount of good product is limited.
The first thing one must remember about film is that it is a young medium. And it is essential for every responsible artist to cultivate the ground that has been left fallow.
If you've noticed that I don't use long takes, it's not because I don't like them, but because no one gives me the necessary means to treat myself to them. It's more economical to make one image, then this image and then that image, and try to control them later, in the editing studio.
If I don't like somebody's looks, I don't like them.
Anybody who speaks quietly and shrivels up in company is unbelievably arrogant.
If I ever own a restaurant, I will never allow the waiters to ask if the diners like their dishes. Particularly when they're talking.
I think I made essential a mistake in staying in movies, because I - but it's a mistake I can't regret, because it's like saying, 'I shouldn't have stayed married to that woman, but I did because I love her.'
I never said I was a genius.
The ideal American type is perfectly expressed by the Protestant, individualist, anti-conformist, and this is the type that is in the process of disappearing. In reality there are few left.
Everything bad that has ever happened to me has been caused by agents or lawyers.
I'm a provincial. I live very much like a hermit: reading, listening to music, working in the cutting room, writing, commercial work - which doesn't take up that much time.
I worry a lot about taking care of my dependents, all those perfectly ordinary middle-class preoccupations.
The only reason for doing a play is to make a statement about it, and by that I don't mean a conceit of the producer.
When television came along, I'd already done more than 10 years of radio work and I thought everyone would want me. I sat around waiting for the phone to ring - and it didn't.
I don't like television when it gets near to photographed plays.
My kind of director is an actor-director who writes.
The two things you cannot do effectively on stage are pray and copulate.
My mother and father were both much more remarkable than any story of mine can make them. They seem to me just mythically wonderful.
Look at the real prodigies, and I look like nothing compared to them.
I'm not a walking extra in a Chekhov play; I'm no Slavic gloom or Irish gloom.
I would rather be on the set than doing anything.
I'm one of those fellows so frightened of driving that I go 80 miles an hour - and the more frightened I get, the faster I go.
I am essentially a hack, a commercial person. If I had a hobby, I would immediately make money on it or abandon it.
I have made an art form of the interview. The French are the best interviewers, despite their addiction to the triad, like all Cartesians.
I prefer the old masters, by which I mean John Ford, John Ford, and John Ford.
I know people who have a much better recollection of their childhood than I do. They remember very well when they were a year and a half and two years old. I've only one or two daguerreotypes that come to mind.
If everyone worked with wide-angle lenses, I'd shoot all my films in 75mm, because I believe very strongly in the possibilities of the 75mm.
