Actor
The first movie I can remember seeing in the theater was 'Return of the Jedi.' I can remember seeing Darth Vader's helmet come off. The shock of that moment.
Max Minghella is a very close friend of mine, and I talk to him regularly.
'Mojave' is a very wild, throwback film with these two dudes going after each other.
I was always - maybe stupidly so - very confident.
I think it's good to be a little more fearless in saying what you feel. In not being scared of the repercussions of that.
I was in bands, but they were punk bands, and you plug in the guitars, you turn them up really loud, you've got four or five other people on stage with you, you've got some protection from when they throw lighters. You can always hide behind the lead singer or the bass player.
I'm very happy to have the heritage that I do, but I'm not wanting to be 'the Latino actor.' I just want to be 'an actor.'
The better I am at observing moments in life, the better I'll be at showing them in my acting.
I like being like a chameleon who transforms himself with each role.
I've never been much of a guitarist. I mean, I've played forever, but I was always more of a rhythm kind of guy. I don't read music.
I think romantic passion is wanting a little something in return.
Anybody who dedicates himself to exploring the human condition, there's always a detached eye that's watching. In any situation, a little part of me is observing it, to see if there are any raw materials to create something else later.
I was interested in the war part of 'Star Wars,' so I started reading about what it's like to go to war, what that does to you psychically, about the adrenaline and the rush.
When I'm creating a character, I don't see it so much as playing someone else as just playing a specific part of myself under certain circumstances.
I like the idea of the comedy of resilience.
There's very few people - like Shakespeare - who, no matter what, were gonna do what they did. For the rest of us, there's a lot of events that have to happen in order for things to end up the way they are.
With Shakespeare, there's no subtext; you're speaking exactly what you're thinking constantly.
I grew up in a very devoutly Christian home.
I think that when you decide to dedicate yourself to creative endeavors and surround yourself with people who are creative, you very quickly learn how hard it is to survive doing those kinds of things, not to mention make a living at them.
I don't know if they were all functioning, but I did play in a bunch of bands.
I played guitar and bass. I didn't do much vocals, although I did have one band where I was the lead singer. But that was when I was in college.
My dad always played a lot of music, so I heard him playing all the time, and then I decided that I wanted to learn to play guitar, so I got an acoustic and started taking lessons. I wanted to be able to shred like Yngwie Malmsteen.
My dad was a huge Bob Dylan fan, so we listened to his music, Cat Stevens, Simon & Garfunkel, and all that kind of stuff.
I was never much of a singer. I was terrible. It's embarrassing: I was trying to sound like everybody else. I went through a big Cure phase, so I was trying to do that kind of dramatic voice.
I started off thinking that I just needed one shot to prove myself, but then I realised that I was only going to learn about acting by doing it.
I get attached to things: I wear the same jeans for a year.
I think it's the director's prerogative, not the studio's, to go back and reinvent a movie.
'Cool' is detached and emotionally cool. My instinct is to battle anything that seems overly cool.
My family are huge 'Star Wars' fans.
Anything that's made by humans is about humans, whether it's about gods or aliens or anything; it's about some sort of expressive nature about us.
I like films that take their time a little bit more and don't show you all of their cards right away, characters that are conflicted and contradicting and seem one way at first and then suddenly turn out to be something else.
What you wear can be such an indicator of so many things. You know, how you feel, how you want others to perceive you. So, that is an absolutely essential part of building a character.
I don't know why people are so obsessed with finding out stuff before the movie comes out. It's so much more fun to just go. I mean, I don't do that. I don't go looking for stuff that I'm interested in, you know, to try and find out pictures and what the movie's about. It's so much more fun to be surprised.
You can't try to be authentic. You either are or you aren't.
I have been playing acoustic music for a very long time, and it's something that I am very comfortable doing, so if I made a record, it would probably be a mixture of that and some other things that I'm interested in.
I've always liked acoustic blues. I liked Bob Dylan a lot.
I actually started playing in little cafes around New York, and I have a lot of good friends of mine who are musicians who are struggling in New York.
Cats are impossible to work with. They're just very difficult because you can't really train them. They're not really interested in whatever you want them to do. Dogs want to please you; cats only want to please themselves.
The motivation is important for me to act it, but I don't necessarily want the audience to know my motivation.
Being someone with Latin roots, so many doors are constantly closed for you because people put you in a category, and the thing I've always wanted to avoid is categorisation.
I remember the first time my mind was blown by an actor was Tim Curry, because I loved 'Clue' when I was a kid, and then I was watching the movie 'Legend,' and the Devil suddenly smiles, and I was like, 'It's the same guy!' It was a total Keyser Soeze moment.
People resent movies that try to tell them exactly what to feel.
Usually when I write a song, I'll write the music and then kind of fit some words to it.
That first play I did in New York, Rogelio Martinez's 'When It's Cocktail Time in Cuba,' I played a young Fidel Castro.
I feel like being an artist and being an activist are separate things; I know some people who feel very differently.
I'm open to the idea of doing more musicals if it's one that I really enjoy.
Every frame of a Coen brothers movie is filled with history and meaning, and the deeper you go, the deeper you get. That's why their movies stand up particularly well to repeated viewing and investigation.
I grow up in the States, in Miami, but I was born in Guatemala, and my father's Cuban, and in 'Body of Lies,' I played an Iraqi.
I think Shakespeare really got it. He was the first one to introduce psychology to villains and give them a real point of view.
A lot of very successful businessmen share some of these sociopathic traits - a lack of empathy, seeing people as commodities, projecting an air of sincerity when everything is actually calculated.
J. J. Abrams is amazing.
I always like teaser trailers because they don't give too much away, you know? They give just a flavor of what the thing is.
The very first proper play I did was 'Godspell,' and I played the guitar for it, and I had a small part in a high school play. And before that, in sixth grade, I wrote a musical about Noah's ark.
In a play, you dictate pace, you dictate rhythm, you dictate when people look at you, when people should be looking at something else. In film, the editor does that.
I wanted to shred, so I learned classical guitar.
For me, with a character, you start with the shoes.
I wouldn't mind seeing The Smiths reform. That would be cool.
I'm really sick of anthems. Every song has to be a very big singalong thing - it feels very Eighties. There are a lot of 'whoah whoa whoahs,' this stadium thing. You're even getting that from some of the 'folk' groups. I can't stand it.
A personal game-changer was when Ridley Scott cast me as King John, the King of England, for 'Robin Hood.'
Advice? Look at your pay statements.
I come from a place where everything about me, even my body language, is saying: I mean you no harm. I smile, I laugh. Basic stuff for most people.
I really just like characters who you don't know where they stand for a long while. It's like people. You hang out with them for 10 years, and then all of a sudden they do something, and you say, 'Who are you?' That's more interesting. In life and on-screen.
I've never been interested in celebrity.
There's nothing scarier than unlimited choices.
Getting a record deal is a meaningless thing now.
I've been fortunate to be working mostly right out of school. Every year, there was a little something, and it kept the confidence going. It's about confidence and the belief.
Talent is very hot.
The self-made man that some people believe is a myth? It could be, because you do it on the backs of other people.
The songs I've written that are the strongest, I'm like: 'I don't know where that came from. It just kind of popped out.' You feel you can't take a whole lot of credit for it. I didn't purposefully will it into existence.
In the 1960s, there was a forward way of speaking and inflection.
Humans are mutants, everything's a mutant - things that evolve.
