American,Actor
I have a specialized racing bike, which is great because it has a solid build, is comfortable to ride, and is lightweight.
I hate shaving. It's much easier to just do a little stubble, but my wife and daughter like it when I'm clean-shaven. If you see me with a clean face, then you know I'm in the kissing mode!
I know it can be dangerous, but I love racing. I worry my wife, but she knows it's important to me.
If biking is your passion, set aside time to enjoy a good ride.
Housekeeping is incredibly difficult with three kids. I'm trying to be more relaxed. You'll go insane if you try to have a picture-book house.
One day my 3-year-old daughter said 'Your very handsome, Poppy.' That was the best compliment ever.
People sometimes mistake being serious with being taken seriously.
I love having a big family. I think it's easier, oddly, in some ways, having three children as opposed to one.
When you discover first love as a teenager, your whole life revolves around it and you open yourself up to it.
My wife and I try not to get into each other's work too much.
My big thing is to make sure the lipsticks taste good when you kiss. And, well, so far they taste pretty darn good.
When I left Maine, I always wanted to be a working actor. I never cared too much about being the star. I just wanted to do the work and get on with it.
I look forward to a time when my career in a place where I can get out of Los Angeles and find a nice small town like I grew up in to raise my family.
Now I'm just known as McDreamy, I've lost all identity as Patrick Dempsey, I'm now McDreamy.
The best part about being married is feeling centered. Nothing else matters so much as long as you can come home and be with your family.
The worst part about being married is when you're not connecting. Your partner is going out the door when you're coming in, and you don't have a chance to debrief on the day. That's the worst.
The hardest thing about having three kids is trying to find a balance, because there's always the odd man out, and you also need to make sure each child gets the attention he or she needs.
I started off as a juggler. I used to do a half-hour show on the weekends to make money as a kid. Then I went to Cleveland, Ohio in 1983 to the international jugglers competition junior division and came second. So that was my first job, being a juggler.
I did a play called 'On Golden Pond' in a dinner theater in Maine and then went to New York for a talent competition having put together a three-man juggling routine and some one-liners and I got myself an agent from that.
I think TV is much more the writer's medium and film is about the director and their vision and how you can collaborate with them and see that through to the end. They are so different.
And, sure, if you have a political point of view, you have every right to share it. But you have to be careful not to get too self-important. You have to find the balance between being entertaining and being preachy.
Drama is easier to do because you just have to have the emotion and not get caught acting, but comedy is much harder.
I like physical comedy. And I like the old comedies.
Nothing else matters so much as long as you can come home and be with your family.
You'll go insane if you try to have a picture-book house.
If I can sleep in until 9 A.M. - wow, what a luxury.
