American,Actor
I am an avid runner, mainly on weekends.
I'm an early-morning owl.
A heroic nature is very Greek.
There's just a natural instinct to want to be great, I think.
For everybody that does something bad there's gotta be someone that does something good.
I was convinced in middle school that I invented tight-rolling your pants, because I would get hand-me-downs from my brothers, and of course they were bell-bottoms from the '70s. So I would fold and fold over the bells. I like to think I started the trend. But I didn't.
If I ever get looks on the street, which, for the record, is almost never, it's rarely because they think I'm someone they saw in a movie. More often someone sees me and thinks, 'Hey, was that guy my waiter the other night?'
You're defined by your older brothers' or sisters' music.
I think your teenage years define your musical roots forever. You're always looking for a theme for your high school years.
I don't like being lied to.
I love to go to casinos with my wife. I play poker, and she's an old-fashioned slot queen. She even has a visor.
If I'm not going to get a part, tell me why.
You don't ever see a thriller with a spiritual backbone.
When I look at a character, whether he's good or bad, one scene or 10 scenes, I just have to find my way in.
There are a lot of Christian fundamentalists; there are a lot of Muslim extremists. Every religion - Mormonism - has something way on the side that's completely using the religion as some weird backbone for their twisted faith. It has nothing to do with their religion.
If somebody wants to go to church because they like the ritual of it and want to sit in silence for a while one time a week, then that's great. If someone wants to go because they believe that God them and Jesus rose after three days, then that's great, too.
When you're playing the good guy, you want to find the dirty parts - and when you're playing the bad guy, you want to find the vulnerability.
If you look back on the breakups that you've had, whether it's a long relationship or a one-night stand, it's always awkward.
You know when you see those guys and their sideburns are just a little too high? You don't need to have sideburns, but don't have to have them right above the ear. I knew a guy that did that in high school and I was like, 'What are you doing? Just let them down a little.'
For me, I always have to establish a reality for the character. In very actor-y terms, you just have to understand his reality.
I just don't watch a lot of TV.
Nobody ever wants to really make someone feel bad.
I love acting.
The great thing about doing theater is that you get to do it better the next night.
There's such an immediate intimacy with film that you just don't get in theater.
I'm an actor who wants to do great parts, and I've been very fortunate, for a long time, to get meaty roles, and sometimes some of them are meatier than others.
