American,Actor
The mornings along the coast where the fog and mist meet with the salty spray of the seas is one of my favourite smells. I love the smell in the evergreen forest just after it rains - The Redwood Forest in California has the coast, too, so you have the best of everything!
My philosophy is: If you can't have fun, there's no sense in doing it.
I think my mom put it best. She said, 'Little girls soften their daddy's hearts.'
Sometimes the hurdles aren't really hurdles at all. They're welcome challenges, tests.
I don't care what it is in life: listen to your heart. If you do, no matter what, you win.
Attitude is attitude, whether you're a West Coast gangster or East Coast gangster, you know?
I live by 'Go big or go home.' That's with everything. It's like either commit and go for it or don't do it at all. I apply that to everything. I apply that to relationships, I apply that to like sports, I apply that to everything. That's what I live by. That's how I like it.
You know, all that really matters is that the people you love are happy and healthy. Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae.
I'm one of those people that think certain things happen at certain times for all the right reasons.
It's not about working anymore, its about doing work I can be proud of.
I'm not afraid of anything. That's just the way I am.
I wish I could be behind the wheel for every stunt.
I grew up hunting and fishing. I've always been into archery. I've always been into cars... In my family, that was just stuff we did. That's just the way it was.
I'm a crazy car guy. I've got an airplane hangar full of cars.
I want to have the freedom to do whatever I want.
If you spend any time with a man, you'll realize that we're all still little boys.
'The Fast' is tough; it's not easy. It represents too much to too many people. But that's what also makes it fun.
Thing is, I went to a born-again Christian high school, was brought up in a traditional Mormon family where these ideas about parenting are of structure and sacrifice. To think outside of that idea of family and parenting that I've grown up with is tough but also very freeing.
The people I don't understand are atheists. I go surfing and snowboarding, and I'm always around nature. I look at everything and think, 'Who couldn't believe there's a God? Is all this a mistake?' It just blows me away.
We're only on the earth for a short period of time. Movies aren't enough. I want to take my success and parlay it into something bigger and better.
I thought I was a hippie, bro. I wore Birkenstocks every day. I went to a Christian high school, so I was pretty funky. The teachers didn't give me a hard time, though, even though I was totally way out of line in terms of my dress code.
I wanna work with good people. I don't want to work with screaming, yelling directors who've got daddy issues. I just don't want to deal with those guys.
I'm not the kind of guy who's taking advantage of my position.
I've always been one foot in, one foot out of this game because I'm not comfortable with being on the pedestal or the poster. That's just not who I am. I'm more like the grunt. I want to be the guy behind the guy.
I used to believe in one true soul mate, but not anymore. I believe you can have a few.
Ever since I was a kid, I wanted to be a marine biologist. As you go through the grind and the distraction of a career, it's easy to lose sight of your dreams.
I have friends that are super talented, that are far more talented than I am in certain areas, but it just doesn't happen for them. Sometimes you feel guilty for your success because you know people who deserve it way more.
Surfing soothes me, it's always been a kind of Zen experience for me. The ocean is so magnificent, peaceful, and awesome. The rest of the world disappears for me when I'm on a wave.
I don't go for the flash and panache.
I'm a science guy. I'm a geek. I love geology and botany and marine science. I thought maybe I'd be a professional guide, or maybe even a park ranger, working for the Department of Fish and Game.
I hope I'm in a position to make stuff that I really want to make as opposed to stuff that I just have to make for money reasons, or to sustain a certain marquee value.
I love long-range rifle shooting. I like anything that deals with precision. I also find that with archery. On my ranch, I have my own range with 3-D targets of animals and hay bales from different distances.
In college, my friends called me Mr. James Bond 007 because I entertained everything: blonds, brunettes, redheads. I'm across the board.
Everyone has an opinion.
I love 'Donnie Brasco' and 'Days of Thunder,' so after I did 'The Skulls,' I was like, 'I want to be either an undercover cop, or I want to race cars!' Universal came to me with a newspaper article about street racing in L.A., and I was like, 'Are you kidding me? I grew up doing that right off Peoria in Sun Valley.' They asked if I wanted to do it.
I remember when I first came around, the computer-generated stuff was pretty wicked. I was like, 'Wow!' but I feel like then for the longest time, we saw so much of it, after a while, you might as well just be watching an animated movie.
I'm a pretty agile guy, especially being taller and having done martial arts from about the age of 13, but parkour is one of those sports that I wish I'd discovered sooner. When my nephew first showed me, I thought, 'Damn - I'm too old for this.'
I'm into being a dad, that's where my focus is most of the time. I'm an actor that's my job, but it's not my life. I have a lot of other interests too.
My mom was always really healthy and cautious about her diet, so I'm not a big sugar guy.
I love doing the action stuff. It's soooo much fun!
My mom's hot. I mean she's old, but my mom's out of control.
My family's really close.
My father's a protector. My father's old-school. He's a cowboy.
You know, I'm a pretty mellow guy. I'm pretty easy-going. I see everyone's perspective.
There's a lot of guys that just get comfortable with their positions and rest on their laurels. I had to earn my way.
That's one thing about Hollywood. People don't always want what's real. People always want a little more. So for me, it's a compromise. Here you go, that hyper-reality.
I'm really close to all of my family.
I'm not affected by violence the way some people are. I don't know why, but I enjoy that intensity.
I have an airplane hangar with 17 cars in it. That's no joke. I have a 'half pipe' in there, too - you know, like a big ramp, where I skateboard. It's awesome. It's the ultimate fantasy.
I could take you for a walk on the beach and I could point out just about any creature and give you their Latin names.
I was definitely ahead of my friends. I was French-kissing girls way before anybody else was.
I'm not the least bit polished, I come from a blue collar background and I never thought I could feel comfortable around the English.
What I've found recently is the heart, the soul, whatever you want to call it, it doesn't differentiate: If you really live the experience making a movie, it's the same as living it in real life, as crazy as it sounds.
Maybe this is just horrible bad, but I think I've had enough successes to where the journey is more important to me now. There's no guarantee, no matter what. We get one run in life.
I fell in love with the ocean when I was just a little kid, four or five years old, I was a junior ranger, I was going out and doing intertidal stuff, walking around and sticking my finger in my first sea anemone and picking up starfish and all that. It gripped me when I was young.
I learned a long time ago that if you subscribe and believe the good, you have to believe the bad. My measure is my heart and what I know.
There's a time and place for everything, but as I get older, I like finding those human moments and really connecting. Maybe I'm not as cool as I once was.
I almost sabotaged my career. 'The Fast and the Furious' didn't let me, and I'm grateful now. That franchise gave me the opportunity.
I don't think of myself as a romantic person; I'm kind of more rough and tumble, I think. The things I'm drawn to are outdoorsy, I only get dressed up when I have to. I'm drawn to women who are into the same type of thing. If you're going to call it romantic, I'm very spontaneous. That's probably the best thing I have going for me.
I really like the Evo from '2Fast.' That car is a lot of fun as a daily driver. They're really quick on the track, too, when they're set up right.
As for Hollywood, I've got a killer job, and I'm having a blast. I have the luxury to go on trips whenever I want and invite my friends who can't afford it. And, God willing, I'll be able to do all that till the day I die.
The whole thought of being a dad was scary to me.
I surf; I skateboard. I'm from Southern California. I never thought I was going to be an actor. And to be honest with you, I never really thought of myself as one.
I've been so transient, I've been on my own since I was 16. I didn't even have my own place until I was 32 years old. I literally lived out of bags for 16-plus years.
I'm a surfer. I grew up in Southern California and used to surf twice a day, every day.
