American,Actor
Henry Fonda's son: That's how everybody identified me until Easy Rider came along. Good old Captain America.
When Jane and I spoke out, people thought, What ungrateful children those two kids are to be that nasty about their father.
My abilities grow with each job, whether it's writing or directing. When I stop learing, I'll stop working.
I have always maintained that society has no business dictating morality.
I was famous from birth.
You don't become the character.
The word courage - God, I love that word. Words are so important to me.
Remember, Alan Greenspan was a member of Ayn Rand's collective. To understand this is to understand why we are doomed with the Federal Reserve.
People ask me from time to time what it was like growing up with Henry Fonda as my father. I say, Ever see Fort Apache? He was like Colonel Thursday.
My actual intake of different substances was far below what people thought it was, no matter how weird or outrageous they think I am.
Lennon was not very fond of me. Lennon didn't like to be around somebody else who was likely to be the center of attention and didn't like being on deck with somebody who was intellectually as hot as he was.
It's wonderful to me that bees have this simple, age-old thing going on.
It took us a long time to find out that we had been lied to by our parents' generation. The moralities that were followed during our parents' generation were basically arbitrary. This caused a rift between the two generations, which was brought on by the beatniks.
If I have enough ego to say I'm a writer, a director, a producer, and an actor, I should have the energy and the knowledge to write a scene for this great actor named Henry Fonda and direct him in it and have it work.
I've always internalized things.
I wasn't really aware that my father was working for quite a while. I thought it was my mother who had all the money!
I was named Beekeeper of the Year by the Florida State Beekeeping Association.
I want to die in the saddle. I love writing, producing, acting, directing.
I want to be on set and die hearing those words: Where's Peter?
I truly miss the genius of the music of John Lennon, as I'm sure everybody does.
I love to direct my daughter, and act with her, and we both want to work with Jane again.
I know I'm responsible for not having got the kind of roles that I'd have liked to. '
I knew Henry Fonda was my father, but I didn't know who I was. They all thought of me as Henry Fonda's son. Unfortunately for them, they never got to know me.
I don't trust anybody who didn't inhale.
I always seemed to disappoint them. They expected me to be different than Henry or exactly like Henry. I was neither.
Getting out from under the shadow of Henry Fonda was difficult.
