Irish,Actor
Together we are stronger, our voices louder, and the synergy of our actions more powerful. Together we can prevail on the Navy to put commonsense safeguards in place, like requiring its ships to avoid the most sensitive marine mammal habitats and to stop their training exercises during peak migrations.
You can get totally messed up trying to please everyone with what you do, but ultimately, you have to please yourself.
I think you make the best with what you've got, you know? Sometimes you have very little. And you just always try to rise to higher ground, because you're going to suffer one way or the other, so you just hope that you have strength and perseverance and good friends and faith, some kind of faith, to endure and move on to greener pastures.
It's the ultimate goal every day you wake up, to be happy. At the end of the week, you want to be happy. Happy in love, happy in work, happy in life, happy with yourself. It's pretty simple.
I think Indian women are very beautiful. They have a sense of elegance and innocence.
No one can escape life's pain. That's life.
Love means that everything is right with the world. Love and only love. Love means that you are content within your own heart and in the presence of the person that you love, who fills your day and makes you stronger and wiser, and gives you the confidence to go out into the world. Love is just the most beautiful, joyous feeling.
I like dressing in all seasons. Every season has its own character and charm.
I'm one of those guys who believes that you need a strong woman in your life.
We owe it to our children to be better stewards of the environment. The alternative? - a world without whales. It's too terrible to imagine.
James Bond is one of those heroes that all guys feel they could actually be like.
I just find that you can become a very boring person living in L.A. I tell you, living there on a day-to-day basis is vacuous: terribly fake.
My religious philosophy is kindness. Try to be kind. That's something worth achieving.
Be good to people, be kind to people, show up, read the lines, hit the mark, and go home.
People should be allowed to marry, and gay marriage should be out there. If a man or a woman has a good partner and they love each other with their heart and soul, let them marry. I am very much for gay marriage.
I'm first and foremost an Irishman, by birth, by nature, by soul, but an American citizen through and through as well.
When people don't believe in you, you have to believe in yourself.
There are a lot of funny things that happen in one's life.
It never felt real to me. I never felt I had complete ownership over Bond. Because you'd have these stupid one-liners - which I loathed - and I always felt phony doing them.
With such riches as I have in life, you're always nervous. Being Irish, you're waiting for something to knock it sideways.
As I've gotten older and I've watched people in productions, I go to the theater when I go back to London and see friends in Broadway, I think maybe there might come a time here to get back up there and prove oneself. It's just an itch; it's a nagging itch to go back there.
My family is my sanctuary.
I'm an actor first and foremost. My producing credentials are just to say, 'Yeah, I love this story and now let's bring the people, the ensemble together,' and I get out of the way. I have no desire to check on schedules and shooting schedules and money and stuff like that.
The scripts don't come pouring in; I have to fight for every part.
I ride horses, I love horses, I've owned horses.
You're always going to have to prove yourself, because acting is such a capricious game.
Dealing with death is there forever, really, you know, because we all have to face it.
I'm not a politician or political animal.
I went to a Radiohead concert with Mr. Aaron Paul and became instantly hip. He's a great tweeter and took a photograph of the two of us. He said, 'Man, look at this! We've already got 800 hits in five minutes!' So this old dog became hip.
When you go through a long illness, certainly one of cancer, there's a certain release from it and relief that it has come to an end, because the suffering can be unbearable, as opposed to an abrupt stop to life when they go out the door and there's a loved one who never comes home because of some accident.
Being a widower is not that groovy when you lose someone you really love, and you have to go out and date again.
I am the actor that I am. I do what I do. I've been a 'leading man' playing romantic leads for a long time now.
When I got the invitation to be part of 'The Ghost' or 'The Ghost Writer,' as it's now known, from Mr. Roman Polanski, my interest level was very piqued. I was very excited and pleased to get such an offer from Mr. Roman Polanski.
I always see myself as a character actor, but Remington Steele was me. I gave up on trying to be any character. I just put myself as me in this world of Remington Steele and the grand pretender.
I know something about life and being a father and the worries and the fears of bringing up children.
You always bump into politics in life, and as a man, I'm party to a number of environmental issues that concern me first and foremost, as a man, as a father.
I love George Clooney; I think George is brilliant.
If you want to do a female version of 'The Expendables,' I'll be in that one.
Acting for the Indian audience is surely on my bucket list; it may take some time, though.
Indian cinema is entertaining, and what I love most about it is the songs and dances in the films.
I'd my own insecurities while portraying the role of James Bond.
I've been identified with James Bond or Thomas Crown for so long; suave, elegant, sophisticated men in suits. it's like you've been giving the same performance for 20 years.
I left school at 15 feeling fairly useless and not really up to scratch in my education. And I still suffer sometimes from that lack of education.
I was aware that I was not getting the good acting roles because I was either too handsome, too pretty or whatever. I was being judged in ways that left me nowhere to go. You have to be patient.
I've been a married man most of my life; that's the way I like it.
You want to believe in leaders, really believe in leaders. You want what they are saying to be truthful, and you want to trust them.
It always helps to have a bit of prayer in your back pocket. At the end of the day, you have to have something, and for me, that is God, Jesus, my Catholic upbringing, my faith.
God has been good to me. My faith has been good to me in the moments of deepest suffering, doubt and fear.
When I went to America, I spoke so much about who I was and gave so much away in a confessional, Irish, story-telling way that I suddenly realised I had given up a lot of myself. I had to shut up.
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.
The life of an actor lends itself to emotion, and yet you have to be tough as old boots to stay at the table.
I have some wonderful suits in my closet, a lovely car, some refined watches.
There's always been product placement in Bond movies.
I visit London several times a year. It is my home away from home.
I love New York City. The energy, the theatre, the art, the food, the people, the parks and streets. But I could say the same of London or Paris, too.
Clive Owen would be a fantastic James Bond. Any man who does it will have to weigh his odds - whether he can get in and get out.
I always wanted to do a Western.
I should like to think that we'll find peace on this Earth at some point and come to a collective consciousness of compassion for each other, where we say, 'Enough! Let us live as one!'
I think that genetically we're programmed to battle each other.
I love the intimacy and the passion and the danger that go into independent filmmaking. Because it comes out of a creative necessity. It comes from people who really want to make a movie and want to make a difference and want to grab an audience by the gullet and show them something different.
I paint landscapes, figuratives. I painted all my life. In fact, I started as a commercial artist.
Movies are somewhat diminished by blockbusters, which are great, but there's not enough choice.
I've been very fortunate that I've worked since I left drama school in 1976.
Barbara Broccoli was a great friend of my late wife's and continues to be someone who is very gracious with me, my family, and our life.
I like Chekov a lot.
My life started on the banks of the Boyne in County Meath. Navan is the name of the town; only me, Mom, Dad.
There was a beautiful church where I lived in Navan, taught by the Christian brothers: fierce, angry men, repressed.
My mother gave me boxing gloves; I wanted boxing gloves. I liked to box. So I still have them. They're still in my bookcase, very old, tattered, and they were cherished.
I can still run in a straight line, and I can still throw a punch.
I will forever be a Bond. It's a small group of men who've made this role. Someone said, More men have walked on the moon than have played James Bond.'
I always keep thinking, 'The next role - that's going to be the one that's really going to define me and show them all. I'll transform and disappear, and it will be a revelation.'
There will be time enough some day to work less.
I love the finer things.
To be a young Irishman in London and go to the theater to see 'Rosemary's Baby'... it scared the crap out of me.
Being a father is a huge responsibility but a satisfying one.
I try to be as disciplined as I possibly can. I try to live a fairly kind of clean life. I do yoga; I cycle and do weights and swim. I do whatever it takes.
I went and met with Tim Burton for the role of Batman. But I just couldn't really take it seriously; any man who wears his underpants outside his pants just cannot be taken seriously.
If I got into a fight in a bar, I'd miss the dude by miles. I wouldn't know how to connect. It would be a comedy.
I held the generous, strong, beautiful hand of my first wife Cassie as ovarian cancer took her life much too soon.
I have said to my agents, 'I want to work. I want to play character roles.'
I hold Bond dear to my heart. I've traveled the world as an ambassador for that character, and I had a bloody great time doing it.
I use so much of myself in everything I do. I think every actor does because you have no one else to go to but yourself and your own imagination.
Action films can be like watching paint dry. You can just die in the trailer waiting for them to set up a shot, then you go out for a few minutes or an hour of endurance testing.
I'd love to do 'The Expendables.' It's just a kick in the pants.
The spy genre is something which, as a fan of movies, a movie geek myself, I just love that cinematic joy that they bring.
I was lucky enough to make four Bond films. It finished in rather shambolic fashion, but I have no bitterness, no resentment.
When it comes to whaling, Iceland is an international outlaw. Years of global negotiations and declarations have failed utterly to end its illegal slaughter of whales. It's time to send Iceland a message it can't ignore: trade sanctions.
The fin whale is the second largest whale species on Earth, weighing up to 80 tons.
Must whales and dolphins be subjected to deafening noise that will cause more than 3.5 million instances of temporary and/or permanent hearing loss? For species that depend on hearing for survival - to find food, migrate, and communicate - any hearing loss could be catastrophic. As one scientist noted, a deaf whale is a dead whale.
In 1981, I borrowed 2,000 pounds - a lot of money back then - paid 50 quid for a seat, packed my own sandwich, and hopped on a plane to America. It was a mighty leap, but one that paid off. A week later, I got a job called 'Remington Steele.'
I'm very confident that Nick Hornby always gets it right as a writer. He has the vernacular and passion. He is adroit and dry, and balances humor with the humanity of life.
Turning 60 had an impact on my heart and soul, I must say, because you're dealing with time: past, present, and future. You suddenly realize you've come down the road quite a ways.
I think Buddhism is a wonderful philosophy. I've had the good fortune to meet many wonderful teachers from that society.
Cancer is the most pernicious, insidious, disgusting disease of life.
There's a wonderful stable of directors I've worked with, and work I've done that has dignity and meaningfulness.
I'm pretty tried-and-tested in the world of 'suit acting.'
I live a pretty domestic and normal life. I make my kids breakfast most mornings, but nothing too elaborate - soft-boiled eggs and oatmeal.
Sometimes, I wonder where my place in this town called 'Hollywood' is - and that can give you a really dull headache.
I like playing thieves.
To my eye, women get sexier around 35. They know a thing or two, and knowledge is always alluring.
Being an actor in Hollywood involves lots of things beyond acting. Charm really helps.
Love cannot burn constantly.
I love color. When I paint, I use a lot of color. I love art that has a vibrancy of color and compositions. I adore the Impressionists, and I'm influenced strongly by them as a self-taught artist.
I'd been brought up on... American TV: 'Lou Grant,' 'Starsky & Hutch;' 'Gilligan's Island.'
Once I found acting and found that I could get away with it and make a living out of it, I was thrilled.
Love is hard.
As you get older, there's a loosening of the ties to the ego and the posturing of who you are and how you behave.
The Danish filmmakers are a unique breed of filmmakers, with the Dogme films and Lars von Trier.
Daniel Craig is brilliant as Bond: there is no question about that. But it's a different Bond. It's the cross pollination of 'The Bourne Identity' and 'James Bond;' that kind of style of filmmaking.
The films that I've made with my company Irish DreamTime are close to my heart. 'The Greatest' being one of them, and 'Evelyn' being another.
Cancer is a very sad thing, but you can always take something from every experience.
Some people think my singing is superb. But they're mainly on strong medication and not allowed out much.
I have not had any plastic surgery in any shape or form. No implants. And my hair is not dyed.
I found a great woman in Keely Shaye. Not if I searched a million times over would I find one as good.
Actors have an innate sense of self and humanity, the good ones do, and of being generous of heart and generous of spirit.
I've been accused of my publicist of being too confessional... it's probably my Celtic upbringing.
I have had a singing teacher in L.A. for many, many years just to work on my voice as an actor.
I think if Roman Polanski had asked me to do the phone book, I would have said, 'Yes.'
I was trained as an actor and taught to believe at a very young age that I could be anything and do anything, and then you find yourself painted into a corner by your own image or persona.
Susanne Bier's work I've always really enjoyed. She's just such a great filmmaker; she's very cool and very sexy - that always helps, too.
The Danes and the Irish have a great simpatico, that's for sure.
There's nothing like working with the best actors possible, and if you have a piece of material like, 'Long Way Down' or 'Love Punch,' which allows you to play, then it's just a joy to go to work.
I had a theatre company years ago when I was a young man, and we would do street theater. This guy did a workshop one day on fire eating, and I participated, and it was just one of those party tricks that you learn. My last endeavor doing that was with the Muppets, back in 1995 or something like that. And I haven't done it since.
I love 'Maxim,' actually. It's very cool.
Being some country lad from the banks of the River Boyne, I never wanted to be wealthy. I was driven by artistic intention.
A man becomes what he dreams. And I dreamed of being in the movies. I was brought up on Steve McQueen, Clint Eastwood, Warren Beatty, and Cary Grant.
Fame is like a big piece of meringue - it's beautiful, and you keep eating it, but it doesn't really fill you up.
I know what it's like to be famous. It's good money and it's great fun. A real kick in the pants. People wave at you and smile at you. You get great tables in restaurants. They send you gifts - beautiful clothes and cars.
If I hadn't been an actor, I probably would have been a social worker.
If I knew I could never come back to Ireland, to England, I think I'd fall off the tree.
I'm an artist, so I love the graphic design of Instagram.
