American,Actor
I know what I look like - a weird, sad clown puppet. I'm fine with that.
There was one point in high school actually when I was on the chess team, marching band, model United Nations and debate club all at the same time. And I would spend time with the computer club after school. And I had just quit pottery club, which I was in junior high, but I let that go.
I think God has a tremendous sense of humor.
Ralph Waldo Emerson would definitely be my homeboy.
I was this weird misfit guy from suburban Seattle, I never really fit in, and then I became a drama geek, among all the other different kinds of geek that I was growing up, and I found I was pretty good at it.
The bonds we create in the household are the most important and lasting. Savor them; they're sacred.
Music is universal too. Even deaf people like to dance, love rhythm, and can kind of pick it up.
Dwight is a sad clown. You've seen those paintings of sad clown.
I have an eight-year-old child, and I literally can't wrap my mind around the kind of grief that must be felt when you lose a child.
My dad wanted to name me after Rainier Maria Rilke, the poet.
I think Dwight loves being number two. I don't think he has any desire to be number one. He wants to be number two no matter where he goes. It's like Avis. 'We try harder.' That's Dwight.
I think we're the only jokeless show on television. I mean really, we have no setups and no punch lines. It's not a joke show. There are funny lines and funny moments but again the comedy is born of the human experience and awkward pauses are a great part of what it is to be human.
I've always been terrible on regular sitcoms with lots of jokes. I don't know how to tell jokes.
Pretty much anybody who's ever worked can relate to our show.
Scotland is the Canada of England!
The great challenge working on this show for me is wearing polyester all day long and having the worst haircut known to man at the top of my head and sitting under fluorescent lights. That is America, people. Polyester, bad haircuts, under fluorescent lights.
There's like ten minutes when it's like, 'Okay, wait, who is this guy again?' And then, you know, I just put on the calculator watch and the glasses, and just be all, you know, inappropriate. And then it just works out fine.
Well, Dwight was born to be No. 2 and I don't think he would know what to do as a leader. But he loves following. He would have made a great fascist.
What's interesting is the show allows for the awkward pauses to be captured, which makes it stylistically unique, especially for American audiences.
I think definitely people know me from playing creeps and weirdos, and I'm definitely looking to expand my range.
I started in theatre, and for me, it was all about transformation. You transform into the character that you're playing.
I found it very easy to transform into creeps and weirdos and losers and goof-balls, and I'm happy to play eccentric kinds of characters, and I have a great affinity for the outsider, but I definitely am about expanding my range as well.
I remember being unemployed and walking the East Village streets for many years, constantly checking my voice mail on pay phones, hoping for an audition.
My dad was always such a frustrated artist. He always worked very hard to support his family, doing a bunch of ridiculous jobs. He wanted to be a painter, but then he also wrote science-fiction novels in his spare time.
I joined an acting class in my junior year in high school. I'd always wanted to try it.
Life is suffering. Life is not resistance to suffering. The point of life is to suffer. This is why we're here: We're here to suffer. I believe in a higher power that compassionately allows suffering for us as a race, to grow and mature.
I would love to see some comedies about loser women.
I'm about as big a star as the Baha'i faith has got, which is pretty pathetic.
The Baha'i celebrity, or the Belebrity, is a character actor with a big head playing an annoying creep on a TV show.
I had bohemian parents in Seattle in the last '60s living in a houseboat. My dad wrote science fiction novels and painted big murals and oil paintings.
My mom was an actress in the local Seattle theater doing experimental plays.
Well, mostly I just want to be an actor. I love being an actor, and I don't want to be a spokesman for anything, I don't want to do anything crazy or fancy like that.
