Indian,Actor
I am not an angry guy. It's just the roles I do that impact my personality.
Love is a strange emotion. It is ever evolving. Lust is transient. With time, one realizes that love and togetherness are two different things. Very few people are lucky enough to experience the two emotions simultaneously.
Knowledge is power. You can't begin a career, for that matter even a relationship, unless you know everything there is to know about it.
There is an interaction and action, reaction between two people. One should show honesty in a relationship. Be honest to your partner and tell him everything. How long can you do things with dishonesty and that's wrong. Don't get into a relationship if you can't be honest.
I don't play the role of a villain, really, but I like playing anti-hero kind of roles. I like characters where there's conflict, drama, and more personal investment than just being heroes.
Contrary to the royal and uptight image of polo, I want to bring it to a younger generation. This is a great sport that can have a larger audience and appeal to more people. Sportsmanship is lacking in many other sports that I don't want to name.
My mom often tells me to get married, but she gets it now that I don't want to. Like any other mom, she is worried, but she also understands the demands of my profession. I am blessed to have a family like this.
There is a lot of silence in me, and I feel that silence is often better than spoken words.
There is no life without sport and no sport without competition.
I have this soft spot for have-nots. So, I was really inclined to portray their pain and pathos in 'Highway.'
In 2010, I sold my car, a Toyota Majester, for just a lakh-and-a-half to be able to feed my horses. It continues to be like a hole, where I put all my money.
It's a misconception that love can only foster between two people of opposite sex. Love is a bond.
Seriously I suspected I was a good actor, though I didn't know it during 'Monsoon Wedding.' Now I realize the more I learn, the less I know about acting... and life.
A few years ago, when I had no work and started believing that films weren't a viable career, I thought of finding another job. I started training and riding horses and got consumed by that. It was a boon in disguise.
None of us can claim to be fair and square in love - and I'm definitely not a hypocrite! Humans are built to evolve with time. It depends on the nature of the relationship you share with a person. It is there today, tomorrow it may be gone; c'est la vie.
Be it Valentine's Day, Father's Day or Mother's Day, I feel all days are reminders of some feelings. February 14 doesn't hold any special relevance for me.
I never think about what others are doing. I do a film for myself, not others.
From being a waiter, to a door-to-door salesman, to a car-washer, to a delivery boy - I have done it all.
February days are a marketing gimmick; love happens every day.
I've had my share of struggle. I believe, never take success to your head or failure to your heart.
It's too bad I'm not a flirt. When I'm on the sets, I'm too busy working on my scenes to look at the ladies.
I used to run away from school to my village. But later, I went to the U.S. for studies and lost touch.
I would really love to work with Clint Eastwood.
I would often take this bus and go to a nearby village where I had hordes of animal friends. I was hardly around four or five years old then. The conductor was so used to seeing me hop on to the bus and get down at the same place, that he never asked any questions. The strangest part is, he never asked for a ticket either!
Honestly, I find writing to be a very lonely job.
I find solace in animals. I have got a stray dog at home called Candy. I picked it up while I was waiting at the airport one day. I always wanted to have a 'macho' dog but got this sweet little thing instead.
If someone explains me the definition of love, I will give my life to the person. Love is a thing which is difficult to understand. Love is always evolving.
Love can never make you weak, and love is not restricted to opposite sex. I love my parents, I love my animals, and I love my profession.
I give two hoots about being typecast. It's not in my hands.
I think 'method acting' is a widely abused term.
We had a great dramatics department in school, so I did a lot of plays and theatre there. Later, when I was the captain of our student's ward, I figured out that if you find something you really love to do, you don't have to work for the rest of your life! You can just have fun and still excel in it because you enjoy what you do.
Celebs says we have no time for love, but I wouldn't say that.
I'm just happy that people have recognised me as leading man material.
I believe in the institution of marriage; Other than cinema, it's the only way to be immortalised!
My family is my biggest critic. Since they come from a non-filmi background, they give me an audience's point of view. They have been very supportive of me.
I have realized that intensity is my unique point. I don't have to attempt it; it's innate. So, when every actor is seeking his individuality, I guess I have already found mine.
During my theatre days, I was more comfortable doing comedy. It's such an irony. I have always played a buffoon on stage, and yet I don't have any comic role to my credit.
I don't regret doing any of my films. All of them have been great learning experiences, and they have contributed to making me what I am today.
Over the years, I have realized that there's more to a film's fate than just good acting and a solid script. It needs to be marketed well. It's the package that sells - the songs, action, actors, etc.
Though I thoroughly enjoyed playing crime branch officer Gautam Savant, it drained a lot out of me, too. It shook my faith in myself, as I explored my hidden side and wondered if I was just acting or using the character as an excuse to vent my mean side.
As human beings, we are all flawed. And just like there is a good side, there is also a bad side waiting to find its way out.
You have to make enough noise to be cast in the right films, and the best way to make that noise is to do lots of good work.
I think I'm the only professional horse rider from the movie industry. Strangely, I've seen no men from the industry at equestrian events. Though I've seen some ladies like Diya Mirza and Lara Dutta at the race course. Women, by the way, make superior horse riders.
I have made a promise to myself that I will have no limitations as an actor. I have realised I have to pay attention to the commercials or the business aspect of cinema, but deep inside, I am purely an artiste.
We had a great dramatic society in school, and that's where I first got exposure both as an actor and director.
People prefer doing films. That is not the case with me. I don't do theatre because I have to but because it makes me feel alive. I enjoy the whole process of rehearsing, though repetition can make it tedious.
I find theatre easier than films, because it gives you an environment of a dark hall, the audience concentrating with you... whereas, film sets are not conducive to long rehearsals, and it is difficult to pick up the emotions amidst all that is going on around you.
Theatre is great, but we don't live in an idealistic world, and we have to pay our bills.
When we are younger, we say a lot of things without often believing in them. The thoughts within you are much more important, and so often, one can't completely describe what one feels. As we grow older, we realize that there is more to love than what is expressed in the conventional sense of the terms.
If you have life's experiences with you, nothing can stop you from being a competent actor.
Everyone wants to be famous; so do I. But I cannot lose sleep over it.
At the end of the day, an actor is only a cog in the wheel.
A Bollywood hero, for most people, has been a Raj, a Rahul or a Prem... it's now a part of the psyche.
I don't have a set image. In fact, I would be curious to know how someone slots me.
I overhaul myself for my roles. Sooner or later, I will get my due.
I try to keep myself as normal as possible. Stardom is transient. People forget you after a while.
I don't like people waiting on me. I feel it is an unnecessary expense.
You can't say the public likes generic characters. Give others a chance, go for a more rooted and honest characterisation, take some risk, and then let the public choose.
I am not an insecure actor, and this reflects in the films I have done. Yes, there was a phase when I was adamant on solo hero roles, but that is over now.
Having learnt my basics in theatre, I always feel film is a collaborative effort. If you do your part well and help the person in front of you in realising his or her potential, the film invariably comes out good.
I went through a low phase for two years when I had a string of flops. At that time, I even felt that I was in the wrong profession and that I should leave acting. But thankfully, I utilised that time to introspect and went on a self-exploration trip. I did theatre in between, and it helped grow the fire within me.
Theatre gives you wings as an actor.
I wouldn't mind going half naked on stage, if that is what my role demands.
Success is a high, but the way up is hard, and you have to give your all.
You don't run from the bad things in life; learn from them, because your worst is what will lead you to your best.
Being fit involves working on all aspects - your body, what you eat, and how you think. A sculpted body is not of much use if you're not there mentally. And similarly, if you're not eating well, it will affect your physical and mental set-up. After all, a six-pack might look good, but that's pretty much it!
