American,Actor
Not like Chinese food, where you eat it and then you feel hungry an hour later.
Not all journalists are really journalists. They ask such stupid questions sometimes, especially the newer ones, and because... these people can't tell if you're joking around, you just can't have any sense of humour; you really can't.
What I really am is a homebody. I was a homebody even before I had a family. My days are filled with home stuff.
Mafia guys are all just insecure people who want their money. They're like little seven-year old kids when they don't get their way. I knew guys like that growing up in New Jersey.
I think that if you can achieve a balance, then you appease a lot of yourself and your career and what it takes to maintain in this business for a while.
When I found out Cusack was involved, I liked that a lot.
Well, for Blow I had to age from 20 to 60, starting out in shape and then later putting on fat pads.
You don't do anything thinking that it's going to stick.
So, you need to balance it out with bigger and smaller movies.
Today some actors get a little full of themselves about what they're doing.
I just finished Narc, which was a really heavy duty, raw, independent.
You could just do independent movies, but I like bigger kind of studio movies, at least some of them.
You know, it was a small, independent movie and with Paramount becoming involved, it was obviously a good thing, but you can't put a round peg in a square hole.
As soon as I became proactive in producing my own stuff, I started getting other roles.
The first script I got was Narc and I really responded to it; it reminded me of a '70s type movie, I really liked the characters, I didn't anticipate the ending.
The Rat Pack was the piece that really kicked me out of that little funk that I was in and then Ted called me up and asked me if I wanted to be the dad in Blow.
In college, I started out doing musicals and Shakespeare.
When I read Copland, I really wanted Stallone's part.
My wife read Narc as well and was really into it.
I think drug movies free the director to make intense films.
I know when I go to a movie I want to experience something, whether to laugh, to cry, to feel bad.
I think people like watching edgy things.
I was on a soap opera before that for three years, where I was the nicest guy on earth.
Suddenly playing the charming bad guy was my thing.
I was looking to become more proactive with my career because I wasn't crazy with some of the scripts I was getting - this was before Blow and Hannibal - so I decided to start my own production company.
I didn't like some of the movies that were coming into me.
