American,Actor
'Sound of My Voice' is an amazing film. Small, simple, yet incredibly thought provoking.
As long as I can remember, I've always had pets. Something about the connection you share with this entirely different species just blows my mind.
I like comfy feet. If I'm not barefoot, you'll probably find me with a pair of New Balance on.
My personal style falls between casual cool and meticulous slob. I'm most comfortable in jeans, but I love fashion.
I consider myself almost a Californian at this point, because I've been here long enough. Obviously, when I first came to the land of blond-haired, blue-eyed surfer types, I was the sardonic, sarcastic, liquor-swilling, chain-smoking, dark-haired, dark-eyed guy from New York.
Nothing is better than showing up twice a week, acting like a 12 year-old for two hours, and then going home.
It's so fun to just slip on different hats and play different characters, even if it's just for a minute.
Acting is reacting. You can't react if you're not paying attention, if you're not listening.
I have some friends who have been living in the political world for some time now. It's a lot of robbing Peter to pay Paul. If you've got something you want, and that person who has it wants something in return, it quite literally becomes your job to find whatever it is that they want.
You've got to have confidence and trust in your cast. You have to have confidence and trust in your director, in your editor. It's such a team effort; I really think you have to pull yourself out of it and just trust. I think the number one thing you can do is just trust everyone around you.
Since I was a kid, music has been a huge part of my life. My parents had a pretty solid vinyl collection and exposed me to some amazing artists.
Whether it's soundtracking a moment in my life or just motivating me to hit the gym, I constantly have music playing. Even if it's just in my head.
You're using such different muscles and you rely on physicality in live action, but in animation, you totally throw that out the window. But somehow, they're both as satisfying.
I love 'The Americans.' I think it's one of the best shows on TV.
Everything that Michael Fassbender touches is elevated.
To me, Cary Grant is probably the most fashionable man in the history of Hollywood. The guy was just slick. He did it so effortlessly.
If I'm not barefoot, you'll probably find me with a pair of New Balance on. And I'm not one of those hipster-jump-on-the-band-wagon-ironically-cool NB fans. I've been rocking those kicks since they were true nerd shoes. Since the '80s, yo! Word.
I'm an avid reader. Novels, non-fiction, comics, it doesn't matter. Best way in the world to feed your head.
I've got to say, I enjoy a good suit. Something about a really well-tailored suit; I like it.
One time, just passing by, I happened to see Jack White from the White Stripes. I'm a huge White Stripes fan, and I did a whole 180. It was like my jaw hit the ground.
I've always been a big fan of 'Law & Order: SVU.' I think Mariska Hargitay and Chris Meloni are just incredible.
I've been a diehard fan of 'The Simpsons' since I was a kid.
I always go for 'SPIN' magazine because I'm such a music buff.
The more cerebral, slightly darker comedy stuff is where I love to live.
Twitter's been interesting. I'm kind of a tech geek, but I've never been a Facebook or Twitter guy. Surprisingly, I've really enjoyed Twitter because I get to connect with fans.
I actually started as a director, but then I saw Mark Ruffalo in 'You Can Count on Me,' and I thought to myself, 'I want to do that.'
