British,Actor
I've never been that cute kid that was forgiven for being naughty.
A full beard looks cool.
Whatever I lack in talent I have in stamina.
I can work hard and be disciplined like a soldier, but I could never reach their level of fitness.
I want to be strong enough to cope with the roles, but I don't want to be cast as the guy that takes his shirt off.
If you're used to being a maverick, then people don't get surprised when you start acting strangely.
I think that when Tolkien created Gollum and the ring, he even expressed in his biography that he never really knew what he created until he went back and looked at it.
As an actor, you're like, 'Yeah, I want that phone call from Peter Jackson saying, 'You're my first choice for Thorin Oakenshield.'
Trying to please everyone can be very hard, but, like 'Shrek' or 'The Simpsons,' 'Robin Hood' manages to entertain adults and children at the same time, but in different ways.
Tolkien made dwarf sign language because, you know, it's too loud to talk in the mines.
Often you find the character through the things they say. How they talk about other people, how they describe themselves - which is very rare.
I have an accountant, obviously, because I'm self employed, and I use an independent financial adviser. I trust my accountant because we have worked together for a long time now.
I'm looking forward to getting fat and old.
Monet was like a conductor. He painted with quite a straight arm and used bold strokes.
I think most five-foot-two people would be quite offended if they were to be called dwarves.
I'm not a massive fan of 3D. I've seen some good 3D, and I've seen quite a lot of bad 3D. I think if a film is created for the shock effect of 3D, then it's a certain type of film that I'm not massively bothered about.
Te Papa Museum is brilliant.
I speak some dwarvish.
I wouldn't even dare to sing like Ed Sheeran.
I wouldn't want a tattoo at all. They're difficult to cover up.
Some of the mail I've had has been weird. When I played Guy of Gisborne, a woman crocheted a mini-version of me.
I confess I've got a yearning to go to Los Angeles, but I can't work out if it is because a lot of British actors seem to go or because there's this perception that the bottom has fallen out of British drama, so therefore, it's the place to head for.
Personally, I'm not interested in getting more money for what I do; I'm just interested in more money being put into the production.
Since real spies are so good, you never really know what actual spying is. But I do think spying is a lot more dangerous than we are led to believe.
A charity donkey is where you sponsor a donkey in a sanctuary and give them three pounds a month to have some donkey nuts or something.
I love being grungy and dirty.
You fight for certain roles, and you realise they're being filled by television and film actors, because theatre is constantly fighting for survival and they need names and faces and ticket sales.
I know what Twitter is; I don't use it. I don't use Facebook, so luckily, it does zero to my ego.
It is possible to work out of New York on film and television and still not lose your connection to theater.
I have been to the theater more since I have lived in New York than I ever really did in London working on a television show.
Light, trivial comedy does not appeal - it is not something I go to see.
To survive in a profession like this, you have to have absolute discipline and commitment, and I did not quite have it for musical theater.
I think insanity is the hardest thing to play.
I come from very conservative parents, and we weren't particularly wealthy, but we were comfortable.
I didn't become an actor because I thought I'd make lots of money.
I'm not interested in building wealth, which is kind of naive and probably frowned on, living in America. It's something that people don't necessarily understand, but if I die poor, I die poor.
The narrative that Peter Jackson has put into 'The Battle of the Five Armies,' it stands alone as a film. Rather than just finishing off the story, it's like a whole new adventure all of its own. I'm very excited about it.
People get to know me slowly and over the course of time. I'll probably still be a newcomer when I'm 60.
I'm a late developer in everything. I have a fast mind and fast metabolism, and I'm an intense worker, but in terms of life development, I'm way behind.
I don't think actors need to go on pedestals. I don't buy it.
My mum will not speak above a low whisper in public because she doesn't want to draw attention to herself.
I have a bit of pride, which is always my downfall.
I never like to go out of character when filming starts. I fear that if I do, I might not be able to pick it up again.
I'd like to act in a film without special effects.
It's bloody annoying being shy. I'll spend a whole evening at a party asking everyone else about themselves. I'm not being self-deprecating; it's because I'm too shy to talk about myself. So people come away from the evening actually having learnt nothing about me.
I'd like to live off-grid.
I kind of got lost down a road of TV and film, so it's great to come back to theatre.
You can't reject anything in your life as an artist. Everything has its use.
I read everything that Tolkien wrote, and also read biographies of him. I was fascinated by his experiences in World War I, which includes the loss of life of some of his very, very close friends. I think he writes about that a lot in 'The Hobbit' and 'The Lord of the Rings.'
I'd like a bit of a crack at some kind of anarchic comedy, but whether or not I'm skillful enough at it all, we'll see.
Once you don't smile on film, they say, 'Let's have that bloke who doesn't smile.'
I'm probably not very good at rom-com, being funny on demand; I'll leave that to the comedians.
I try to keep at a non-obsessive level of fitness. It's not about looking great, it's about just feeling good. So I do a lot of yoga. Bikram just blows my mind. It's mental as well as physical; if I don't train, I get very depressed.
I've done an awful lot of skiing all over Europe: I've done Italy, Austria, France. I skied loads in New Zealand - I did pretty much every ski slope I could find.
I don't really like making too much of a statement with what I'm wearing.
I suppose I'm a bit mean. My face on camera doesn't lend itself to happy nice guys. I think it's just that my bone structure looks menacing.
I am just not a water baby. I can swim, but I just don't.
I'm not much of a show-off.
You can spend a bit of yourself when you give yourself to a character. At the end of a job, you have to remind yourself who and what you are.
Tolkien was, I believe, writing about his experience in the First and Second World Wars, where he would have spent a lot of time without any female contact. He was part of the fellowship of men who went to war, and I think, really, that's what he's writing about.
I have a visual mind, so when I read a book, I get an instant picture in my head and it's very clear.
There's a very strong force in Tolkien's characters.
My instruction to my parents is that I would rather they enjoy their retirement than leave me anything when they go. I am much happier watching them enjoying life.
Small, slow growth is the best I expect from an investment. I'm a real saver: frugal - like my parents.
I do believe in pensions.
