American,Actor
Mindfulness is a quality that's always there. It's an illusion that there's a meditation and post-meditation period, which I always find amusing, because you're either mindful or you're not.
The drive for happiness is vital; it's what keeps us in motion.
I have no sense of time, and I'm a dreamer.
What we all have in common is an appreciation of kindness and compassion; all the religions have this. We all lean towards love.
There's really one character for every actor. The voyage is to find that one character.
The secret of my success is my hairspray.
Movie acting is primarily listening. If you're really engaged, that's all a movie audience wants to see is you processing what's happening in your world.
I'm not that tough; I'm not that smart. I need life telling me who I am, showing me my mind constantly. I wouldn't see it in a cave.
Everyone responds to kindness.
I've stayed good friends with most of my girlfriends.
Meditation is such a more substantial reality than what we normally take to be reality.
People don't understand what happiness is, so they have an idea of what will make them happy, but it never does.
I don't think that bravery is about skin. Bravery is about a willingness to show emotional need.
When I started acting, it was really the way for me to be able to communicate.
Tibetan Buddhism had an enormous impact on me.
I'm younger than I once was. Internally. Less self-conscious. Less insecure.
In the process of developing a character, you do, in fact, start to take him on as a personality.
I have made plenty of mistakes. The key to life is to learn from them. I have been a little too introspective, but I think that stemmed from insecurity or shyness. I took a long time to grow up.
I'm voting for Gore because the other is unthinkable. Which most of us will probably do. I hope all of us. I've always liked Ralph Nader and would like to see a real third party, but the thought of George Bush as president is unthinkable.
Billions of people don't practice a religion at all.
I can't say I have control over my emotions; I don't know my mind. I'm lost like everyone else. I'm certainly not a leader.
In saving Tibet, you save the possibility that we are all brothers, sisters.
The Dalai Lama said that he thinks mother's love is the best symbol for love and compassion, because it is totally disinterested.
When someone has a strong intuitive connection, Buddhism suggests that it's because of karma, some past connection.
Well I think on a simple ecological level that the diversity of this planet is important for our survival, that all of our different cultures, people are important to the health of the whole the same way that a species of animal should be saved and at a simple ecology level.
I have a lot of beautiful friends.
I meet human beings who are flawed, who are mentally ill and have enormous problems, but I don't think I've ever met someone who was a totally dark energy that had no humanity or sense of love or affection for anything in their life. That's very rare.
I've had an interesting life.
My life is pretty simple and normal.
I meditate. Daily practice is essential to my life.
I tend to be a bit of a dreamer.
I've lived in New York when I've had nothing, and I've lived in New York when I had money, and New York changes radically depending on how much money you have. It's the texture of life.
I think people do want to relate their entertainment to what's going on in their lives. Not everything.
It's not enough to say that the Olympics is an athletic contest outside of politics, because it's not. The Chinese clearly are using the Olympics to recreate how they are viewed in the world and how they view themselves.
There are some problems on this planet that seem to be intractable.
