American,Actor
A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad.
Pets have more love and compassion in them than most humans.
I had lived a charmed life, and then I lost a beautiful woman I loved with all my heart.
I love Joan Collins. She's a wonderful lady. She has such courage. She's such a good actress.
I wish there was some way to get the law changed. They can write anything about you after you're deceased and there's nothing you can do about it.
Natalie's estate is handled by Global Icons, and they police the world so her picture isn't on a T-shirt or coffee cup unless we approve of it.
What impresses me is the young actors with terrific talent arriving on the scene. They'd have blown us all away in the old days. Guys like Brad Pitt.
I was spawned by some pretty good people in this business - Mr. Astaire, Mr. Tracy. They stopped and took their time to talk to people.
I think of Mike Myers as the Buster Keaton of today. I think he's brought us something so special.
Right now I'm trying to do a fragrance called Natalie. She's very, very much alive for us.
Anytime anybody impersonates you, it's a great compliment.
I was in the movies. I danced, I sang, I learned to work in front of a camera. It was like being in a repertory company.
Rob Lowe, I've known him for a long time because I have three daughters, ya know. He's been cruising those three girls for a long time.
I went to Europe with Spencer Tracy. What a thrill, working with John Ford when I was a kid.
In the contract days, the big studios groomed us to play particular roles and we would stay with the image they gave us and insisted on.
Jimmy Stewart was a very sincere, honest and straightforward man.
One thing that golf teaches you is humility.
My wife was a Bond girl, in Diamonds Are Forever, so I play James Bond in real life every day.
Jill and I arrange our lives to spend a lot of time together. That makes us both happy.
It's sensational to be a part of a series that takes on a life of its own.
I liked working in a series, going to work every day and not having to leave town for long locations. I was producing them and building an audience.
When I can't sleep, I'll start thinking about how many shows I've done, count up the number of television shows and movies.
I never talk to tabloids.
I've learned one important thing about God's gifts - what we do with them is our gift to Him.
