American,Actor
Too many people think that economics is this subject that should wait until the university level. But it can't wait that long.
I've always remembered something Sanford Meisner, my acting teacher, told us. When you create a character, it's like making a chair, except instead of making someting out of wood, you make it out of yourself. That's the actor's craft - using yourself to create a character.
To this day, I still think Lonesome Dove is my best part.
There was nothing wrong with shouting at God.
I always considered myself as a character actor. I always try to be versatile to show different sides of human experience.
Stripping away artifice - it's the constant standard I aim for in acting, to approximate life. People talk about being bigger than life - but there's nothing bigger than life.
If you don't have heroes in the beginning, you don't grow.
I was fortunate in the last century to be in the two biggest hits film-wise, 'Godfather I' and 'Godfather II,' and 'Lonesome Dove.'
It's no big thing, but you make big things out of little things sometimes.
Hollywood's a mecca, but it's not the final answer. You pick up a camera anyplace in the world, you can make a movie.
I'll keep on acting 'til they wipe the drool. I like the business. I like to do different parts and diverse characters. I haven't lost my enthusiasm yet!
Sometimes you don't prepare much. I mean, when I did 'Lonesome Dove' way back I rode horses day and night for like three or four months, and that got me ready for that.
Being a star is an agent's dream, not an actor's.
You really have to soak up the culture of the people to get it right. If you're making a fiction film, it's entertainment, but you want it to be as real as possible.
You just can't take a crash course to be a tango dancer in a movie.
You have a little bit of feeling for everyone you play.
You get below the Mason-Dixon line and you have some of the best music, culture, the two races, the literature, and it's so rich.
We either accept weaknesses in good people or we have to tear pages out of the Bible.
We all have a cradle-to-the-grave journey to make and, in between, what do you do? There's got to be something hereafter.
Very often some of the religious miracle plays you see on television can be very corny, I find. And so simplistic.
Today, everything has to be made by committee, and has to have special effects, but there's always room for good films.
The money part is one of the most difficult things. Coppola always said I should do a tango movie. If it hadn't been for him, I don't know where we would have gotten the money.
The greatest king of Israel, King David, the author of the Psalms, sent a man out to die in battle so that he could sleep with his wife.
The cultural contrast I saw between religions... Catholics have a lot of mediators, going through saints and Mary or whatever. Protestants in general say things to God directly.
Spending two years on my uncle's ranch in Montana as a young man gave me the wisdom and the thrust to do westerns.
My uncle always said that I could have been a rancher.
I can always grow a little bit, and try to do something different. So I'm always looking for what's out there - the potential.
You know, Hollywood sometimes tends to patronize the interior of the United States. As Horton Foote used to say, the great Texas playwright, that a lot of people from New York don't know what goes on beyond the South Jersey Shore.
Well, I had a wonderful career.
Some Russian ballet master woman said there's no culture in America, but if you look you can find interesting stuff in this country, don't you think?
When I'm at home in Virginia, I become more hermit-like. I like my own home.
The most solitary I ever felt was when I was living in New York. I used to live in Enrico Caruso's old apartment, and I had a special staircase that took me up to the roof. There was nobody up there.
Well, it's like my movie, 'The Apostle.' Some people in the North don't get that movie. They think that, in the South, if you don't shout, you can't play one of those guys.
But for me, the challenge is how you turn a character into behavior. Once the director says 'action', you just try to live between those two worlds.
Way, way, way back I played a little bit, but I am definitely not a golfer. You know, it just takes too much time anyway during the course of the day.
I love working in Texas anywhere.
But I think there are more good young actors now than ever. It's a medium that everyone wants to be connected with - it is such a hip medium going into the 21st century.
I am getting some good offers still. Some nice things are coming my way just as they always have, so unless I lose my inspiration or there is too much drool to wipe, I will keep going.
What people don't understand about Sarah Palin is that she is a rancher's wife. From Alberta down to Texas I've known women like that: good common sense, bright and vilified by city people.
Sometimes directors will hire you and say, 'Oh, we love your work.' And then they start to tell you how to do it. I say, 'Hey, man, back off. You hired me to do it. Let me do it.'
I'm getting good offers, as good as ever sometimes. I just finished a thing with Billy Bob Thornton that was the most unique part I've ever played in my life, in the most unique project.
I'd like to direct again, but that's really hard to get something and raise the money. It's difficult to find just the right thing.
As long as they keep offering me some good parts and so forth - there are some parts out there that fit me pretty well - I'll keep going for a while.
One thing I like about Argentina, they only cook with salt; that's it.
Look, Hollywood's a mecca, but it's not the final answer. You pick up a camera anyplace in the world, you can make a movie.
Seeing your name on the list for KP or guard duty when you're in the Army is like reading a bad review.
A young actor once asked me, What do you do between jobs? I said, Hobbies, hobbies, and more hobbies.
Art is competitive.
I can't live without a woman. I have to have a woman, have to have a wife.
Hollywood sometimes tends to patronize the interior of the United States. As Horton Foote used to say, the great Texas playwright, that a lot of people from New York don't know what goes on beyond the South Jersey Shore.
I had a wonderful career.
I think there are more good young actors now than ever. It's a medium that everyone wants to be connected with - it is such a hip medium going into the 21st century.
