Actor
If it's the right chair, it doesn't take too long to get comfortable in it.
I go to Paris, I go to London, I go to Rome, and I always say, 'There's no place like New York. It's the most exciting city in the world now. That's the way it is. That's it.'
There's nothing more ironic or contradictory than life itself.
Italy has changed. But Rome is Rome.
Time goes on. So whatever you're going to do, do it. Do it now. Don't wait.
My definition of a good hotel is a place I'd stay at.
I love to find new people. It's not for the sake of their being new; it's because if you find someone who perfectly fits a part, that's such a great thing.
You'll have time to rest when you're dead.
You learned the two greatest thing in life, never rat on your friends, and always keep your mouth shut.
One of the things about acting is it allows you to live other people's lives without having to pay the price.
I'll work with a director if I think I'm going to get into a comfortable situation, and if it's someone I respect and who respects me, even if they're not so well known. Movies are hard to make, and you have to work toward a common ethic and do your best.
I think Hollywood has a class system. The actors are like the inmates, but the truth is they're running the asylum.
I always go back to how people behave. If you watch how people actually behave in a situation, it's very simple and honest and contained. You don't need to use as much expression, as much feeling. Some characters will boil over, and that's another thing, but a lot of times I think you can just do very, very little.
Good directors can bring certain things out of you, with their intensity or gentleness or sensitivity or understanding. They can make an actor feel he can do no wrong.
The director respects what they've hired you for and chosen you for: to do the part and respect what you're doing.
There is a certain combination of anarchy and discipline in the way I work.
I've never been one of those actors who has touted myself as a fascinating human being. I had to decide early on whether I was to be an actor or a personality.
Money makes your life easier. If you're lucky to have it, you're lucky.
I don't get into these long-winded heavy discussions about character - do we do this or that or what. At the end of the day, what you gotta do is just go out there and do it.
I don't like to watch my own movies - I fall asleep in my own movies.
The talent is in the choices.
I mean, the actors that I admired were Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, an actress named Barbara Harris. And Greta Garbo. They were great actors.
My mother worked for a woman, Maria Ley-Piscator, who with her husband founded the Dramatic Workshop, which was connected to the New School. My mother did proofreading and typing and stuff or her, and as part of her payment, I was able to take acting classes there on Saturdays when I was 10.
The hardest thing about being famous is that people are always nice to you.
If it's a very emotional scene, you're kind of relieved when you've done it, kind of spent. And there are times when you can be rattled, certain characters if they're hyper, that can carry over, the residue of that. But I try to leave it on the set.
In acting, I always try to go back to what would actually be the real situation, the real human behavior in life.
