American,Actor
We did a show called The Orphan Train, during the depression, when families didn't have enough money to support their children, they'd put them on the train and hope someone would pick them up who had enough money to support their children.
These are icons to be treasured.
Our profession is very much like going to a cocktail party, you check out the guest list.
I find these shows very touching sometimes.
I am very pro law enforcement.
Someone once accused me of being like Eliot Ness. I sad no sir, I'm not E.N., but I can promise you that I'm not Al Capone!
Thru the auspices of the viewers who become - I think this is an import - in a democracy, become a working unit with law enforcement against the criminals.
I'm working 2 days a week right now, narration usually on Wed., and host on camera on Friday.
Whether it s the country or city, I never liked the bad guy.
I never put my arms around John Gotti, Al Capone or Lucky Luciano.
In terms of segments, I think we've done 1,200.
It's a word called symbiotic, you send the messages and it comes back in return. Together, it's a wonderful thing, it's why television is so great and film can never reach.
I'm very proud this show has been accepted for this length of time.
I don't mind UFO's and ghost stories, it's just that I tend to give value to the storyteller rather than to the story itself.
In the Belgian air force a general supposedly saw a UFO, tracked it with his plane, photographed it with his wing cameras. And I believe it because I said to myself why would this person, not getting paid for this, do it unless it actually happened or he thought it happened.
Now on the other hand, if someone is selling a product, opening a dance studio, or has some other aim to help themselves, then I tend to look askance at some of these strange stories from outer space.
Yes, and many times it's frustrating, because I'm simply part of the show, and I'm not in the creative end of it, who goes out with detectives and tries to find these things out.
I grew up in France, my first language was French, and I tend to gravitate towards French cooking.
A great chef is an artist that I truly respect.
Also the pictures themselves give a visual to the audience tuning in, that makes them a very important part of law enforcement, or pulling families together.
Lucille was a darling lady. Probably the finest comedienne in the business.
I think voiceover is an adjunct that actors have picked up that have given us some security.
I grew up years ago doing something that unfortunately doesn't hardly exist any more, a medium called Radio.
If you don't love it, you can't suffer thru all the despair that comes with it. Keep doing it because you love it.
You have to love the doing of what you're doing and not wait for the phone to ring.
I play bad golf for good charities like the LA Police.
