British,Actor
I've no regrets. You take responsibility for your actions.
My proudest moment was the number 'Reviewing the Situation.' I suspect that, because I gave my all to the role and because I was working with such a fine team of people, it inhibited my future career.
If we destroy the biosphere, then mankind will die. We all waste our time worrying about stupid wars and petty jealousy and greed, and all the time, we're sitting on a time bomb.
Now I can see I was at fault for not being more considerate, but when we were doing the show I didn't think it was my job to be considerate to other people.
I watch people constantly.
Fate destined me to play Fagin. It was the part of a lifetime, and I was the only actor to be in the stage production and in the film.
I'd wanted to be an actor from the age of five.
For me, making the show work was getting belly laughs - like most variety artists. But the straight actor believes you fix your performance in rehearsal and that's it.
My portrayal of Fagin was all to do with my experience in comedy and revue.
My training was that you fill in the canvas where it needs colour and polishing. You start with the words on the first night and keep adding bits of business.
Working on a film, you don't get time to develop rivalries, but the theatre is like a little village, and the differences between me, Lionel and Georgia grew.
Playing Fagin in the play and film was a small miracle.
The day after the Oscars, I flew back to London to film a television play for Anglia. It was a big mistake because you never really get acknowledged for wanting to work in England, as I did.
Pressure makes people react in different ways. Some people plunge in, and others take the way out.
I was offered Fagin-type roles, but I wanted to do new things. I could have worked in America, but there was a recession in the British film industry, and I wanted to work in England. I've no regrets.
Fate destined me to play 'Fagin.' It was the part of a lifetime.
I would have liked to have been a professor of sociology.
I love getting up in the morning with nothing else to do except write.
I never thought about settling down. I was obsessed with my career - I was blinkered. I finally met a woman who was worthy of me. Then we settled down and had many children.
The world is always reinventing itself, and so should you. I used to say, 'I haven't started yet.' Sadly, most people don't develop their potential.
I felt very insecure about whether I was up to recreating my stage 'Fagin' in front of a camera.
Summer of 1967 was one of the happiest times of my life.
I'd been collecting eccentric moves since I was a kid and didn't even know that the dance step I improvised in 'Be Back Soon' was called a 'pas de basque.'
I'll never forget seeing 'Guys and Dolls' over and over. I used to sit up in the coliseum watching this magnificent musical. Brilliant.
I grew up with music hall and revue and was used to filling in the little gaps here and there to get bigger audience reaction.
I went to the London School of Economics to study sociology and psychology on a serviceman's grant.
