American,Actor
I'm a sucker for a woman with beautiful eyes.
Unfortunately, I don't look as Latin as I am. I get called a white guy a lot, but I am very proud of my heritage. I try my hardest to bring honor to my Mexican roots. Latin people are very passionate and loyal, and I will always remember who I am and where I come from.
Physically? If you've got really beautiful eyes, you have me in a trance right from the beginning. As far as personality, I'm attracted to really shy girls. Someone who knows who they are and is very genuine. That is just so sexy to me.
The media has been nice to me so far, but if I get compared to Channing one more time... I'm taking it as a compliment, but it is crazy how many times people have compared me to him. I don't know if 'Magic Mike' is in my future, but we'll see.
Literally, I kissed a girl, and, like, a week later, she broke up with me. I was like, 'Oh my God, was it that bad?!'
The compliment that I like more than anything is when my family tells me I'm the same Ryan. I never want to become a celeb who forgets about anybody or has a big head about himself.
I trained in martial arts and wanted to become a UFC fighter. That was my goal. I only really learned how to dance three weeks prior to making 'Step Up Revolution.' Dancing will always be fun, but MMA is something I'll never give up. I will eventually get back in the octagon and be fighting professionally again.
It's weird to think I have fans now, so I appreciate all of the people that follow and support me - and I love them to death. But yeah, when I start looking on Twitter, and I see, 'I want to name my kid after you,' I'm like, 'Whoa!' I'm a little surprised.
I was a professional fighter for a while, and I trained in martial arts for seven years, so I think that kind of helped form a base for me as far as dancing.
I'm kind of a neat freak. My place is really organized. My socks are even organized: colors and sizes.
Funny story: I was hanging out with Adam Shankman for Samantha Ronson's birthday, and Lance Bass was there. I don't really know Lance, but he comes over to me and goes, 'Hey, I just wanted to let you know I'm a fan of 'Pretty Little Liars' and I'm rooting for your character.' It was surreal! That's how 'PLL' has changed my life.
Younger kids should realize that if dancing is what you wanna do, it's not always gonna be the easiest thing; you're not always going to end up dancing for Justin Timberlake right out the gate.
I'm Mexican-American. My dad was actually born in Mexico. He was raised up there, and he came back and forth to America pretty much his whole teenage years. My mom is from Sacramento, California, and she's a blonde-haired, blue-eyed girl. She's a whitey.
I grew up in a big ol' Latin family, so that's all the music we used to play - salsa music. We'd always dance and have fun. You know how families get down, man! We just had fun with it.
My favorite fighter is Anderson Silva.
I would say I was jock. I went to Sierra College. I was a big baseball player. Getting into the MLB was my dream - to become a left-handed pitcher for the Yankees. That's what I was hoping, but life kind of went the other way.
That's what I love about acting. There's never a set role. You can be a firefighter, you can be a baseball player, you can be whatever you want in the acting world. I think I've found my calling.
Girls come up to me and start crying. Or they're so nervous, they are shaking. Some have tried to sneak grabs of my abs and my butt!
If you start eating with your mouth open - I can't stand it! I was out to dinner with a girl, and she started chomping on her food. You could see everything she was eating. I was like, 'So when do you want to go home?'
I would love to work with Tom Hardy. Maybe do something crazy or dramatic that is different for me.
I feel like until you're with the person, the person you end up marrying, you don't ever really know what you're looking for. I'm just into a girl with a really good personality, something that goes beyond looks. I want to be able to joke around, be respectful of each other... there are a lot of things that go into compatibility.
I like to stay artistic. So I always like to draw or write.
I'm a hip-hop kind of guy, but to be honest with you, I could listen to R&B all day. Give me some slow jams, and I'm a happy person.
In Miami, there's a Latin flavor, and I just love every bit of it.
For aspiring actors out there, I would say stay focused and don't let anyone pull you away from your goals. Shoot for the stars so that if you ever fall short you can land on the clouds.
Any Latin dance, whether it be salsa, cha cha, samba, etc., is very sexy for me to see a woman do. Using your hips is the key.
