American,Actor
Anger can be a problem, but it has tremendous potential, too. It's just figuring out what to do with it.
I like to believe that love is a reciprocal thing, that it can't really be felt, truly, by one.
I love acting, truly my favorite people are actors.
I'm a huge Woody Allen fan. Good movie, bad movie, it doesn't matter - I just like his movies.
Haiti kind of gets a hold of you.
Love is a mess, at best, and I figure it can be very real in spite of all the things people try to attach to it.
There's a lot of mediocrity being celebrated, and a lot of wonderful stuff being ignored or discouraged.
Yeah, I had actually tried to stop acting before I made Dead Man Walking.
There is no re-inventing the wheel.
Sacrificing American soldiers or innocent civilians in an unprecedented preemptive attack on a separate sovereign nation may well prove itself a most temporary medicine.
I think we all have light and dark inside us.
That on a romantic level, if you feel it about somebody and it's pure, it means that they do too.
I've never really been one to get what they call stage fright so much.
We've let the blade of our innocence dull over time, and it's only in innocence that you find any kind of magic, any kind of courage.
I've always operated under the notion that audiences don't always know when they're being lied to, but that they always know when they're being told the truth.
I can always see light in any situation. It's just the way I'm made.
My favorite thing to do is not act - it's that simple.
I really love to make movies.
In between, I go broke because I seem to do movies where you're not paid a lot as an actor.
There's not a lot of good movies being made.
If you're willing to put two thoughts into a picture then you're already ahead of the game.
Somewhere along the line, the actions of this government are the actions of me.
The bottom line is, you love your wife, you do your best with that.
It has nothing to do with the emotional demands of a role; I've done comedies that are as draining to me as any drama.
You try to do your best at what you're getting paid for.
Well, look at all of these summer blockbusters. You can't help but laugh a little, because you've already seen a lot of these movies 482 times.
Craft comes into acting later rather than sooner. I was somebody who had to learn through a process - a natural actor doesn't need to.
I live in the energy and rhythm of the character. To some degree, that's true of every actor I've worked with.
'The Indian Runner' was easy. It had been incubating in me for eight years, and by the time I sat down to write the thing, I had all the pictures in my head.
I love stories about people who are smart enough to know that what they're doing is destroying them, but that knowing that doesn't help them.
When you act in a film, you're inevitably surrounded by people you didn't choose, right down to the set painter. I like being able to pick the family I'm waking up to in the morning that's going to make this group effort to tell a story that applies to what's interesting to me at that stage in my life.
A lot of critics sometimes get into analyzing the way actors direct versus non-actors directing. And they really always miss it. It's one of those things where, by not being practitioners, they just came up with something that made sense to them.
The thing that's very close in the process is writing and acting, not directing. Directing's very different.
I consider myself fortunate that in my home, acting or the creative arts were a good option. This was a respected tour of duty in my family. Acting wasn't something that was left to tragic bohemians. But we weren't a family that obsessed on cinema.
I cannot tell you that I ever fell in love with the theater as an audience. I fell in love with the theater as an actor for a period of time, but I have struggled as an audience, and I struggle more now than then. I was always a movie guy.
I am a Justin Timberlake fan.
I'll tell you what I probably would prefer to happen less and less: actors that I know and respect in shampoo ads. Or modeling.
There is a strength of character in the people who have, by and large, never experienced comfort.
I've been a road-rat since I got my driver's licence at 16, so I've probably gone across America 20 times.
Putting something in a movie because it's in the news doesn't make it political to me. If you're not going outside the same old, same old, if you're not pushing the envelope, then you're not doing anything. A good movie is a political thing.
Turning one's back on stardom might be the highest form of common sense. One that I would aspire to be more complete with.
I can make a better living as an actor than I can as a director. Though I certainly would prefer to be directing movies.
Whatever one considers art to be, there is in many people a hunger to express themselves creatively and to feel authentic in doing that.
You're always having to live more to fuel something new. It's an obligation to yourself and to the audience. The personal baggage that comes with being a known actor just adds to that struggle.
Hal Holbrook was in one of my first television movies when I was about 18 or 19. He'd made such a strong impression on me and a lasting one in terms of what being an actor was.
I'm always frustrated when somebody makes a movie out of a book and they leave the book behind, or the heart of it.
When I buy a Nikon camera, I have no tolerance for the instructions. I'm ready to make some mistakes using it and get some bad pictures back until I've figured it out for myself.
