American,Actor
So much of life, it seems to me, is determined by pure randomness.
To simply wake up every morning a better person than when I went to bed.
I wanted to explore the values that are at work, underpinning my life.
I had chosen to use my work as a reflection of my values.
My autobiography was simply the story of my life.
I was fortunate enough to have been raised to a certain point before I got into the race thing. I had other views of what a human is, so I was never able to see racism as the big question. Racism was horrendous, but there were other aspects to life.
So it's been kind of a long road, but it was a good journey altogether.
Generally, I tend to despise human behavior rather than human creatures.
I did not go into the film business to be symbolized as someone else's vision of me.
The journey has been incredible from its beginning.
A good deed here, a good deed there, a good thought here, a good comment there, all added up to my career in one way or another.
I have always been a learner because I knew nothing.
I didn't run into racism until we moved to Nassau when I was ten and a half, but it was vastly different from the kind of horrendous oppression that black people in Miami were under when I moved there at 15. I found Florida an antihuman place.
But my dad also was a remarkable man, a good person, a principled individual, a man of integrity.
I'd seen my father. He was a poor man, and I watched him do astonishing things.
Far as I can tell, I still have most of my hair, my gut is not hanging over my belt, and I still have all of my teeth.
My father was a tomato farmer. There is the phrase that says he or she worked their fingers to the bone, well, that's my dad. And he was a very good man.
I decided in my life that I would do nothing that did not reflect positively on my father's life.
I am not a hugely religious person, but I believe that there is a oneness with everything. And because there is this oneness, it is possible that my mother is the principal reason for my life.
I always wanted to be someone better the next day than I was the day before.
History passes the final judgment.
I come from a great family. I've seen family life and I know how wonderful, how nurturing, and how wonderful it can be.
I'll always be chasing you... Glory.
When I set out to become an actor, I had set myself a standard.
I was a gift to my mother. She was a remarkable person. God or nature, or whatever those forces are, smiled on her, then passed me the best of her.
We all suffer from the preoccupation that there exists... in the loved one, perfection.
I sometimes like the pictures photographers take of me.
I lived in a country where I couldn't live where I wanted to live. I lived in a country where I couldn't go where I wanted to eat. I lived in a country where I couldn't get a job, except for those put aside for people of my colour or caste.
My father was very big on marriage.
I get offered work these days.
I cannot be understood in three minutes.
I'm not a library.
I knew what it was to be uncomfortable in a movie theater watching unfolding on the screen images of myself - not me, but black people - that were uncomfortable.
My father was the quintessential husband and dad.
The impact of the black audience is expressing itself. They look to films to be more expressive of their needs, their lives. Hollywood has gotten that message - finally.
I had to satisfy the action fans, the romantic fans, the intellectual fans. It was a terrific burden.
An appreciable number of directors have shifted to lower-cost films, allowing them to be satisfied with a more modest return.
If the screen does not make room for me in the structure of their screenplay, I'll step out. I'll step back. I'd step back. I couldn't do it. I just couldn't do it.
I'm a good person.
I couldn't adjust to the racism in Florida. It was so blatant... I had never been so described as Florida described me.
I learned to hear silence. That's the kind of life I lived: simple. I learned to see things in people around me, in my mom, dad, brothers and sisters.
If I'm remembered for having done a few good things, and if my presence here has sparked some good energies, that's plenty.
My mother was the most amazing person. She taught me to be kind to other women. She believed in family. She was with my father from the first day they met. All that I am, she taught me.
I want my great-granddaughter to have a fairly good understanding of the world in which I lived for 81 years and also the world before I came into it - all the way back a hundred thousand years, to the beginning of our species.
My father was a certain kind of man - I saw how he treated my mother and his family and how he treated strangers. And I vowed I would never make a film that would not reflect properly on my father's name.
