Irish,Actor
People ask me to smile for the camera, but somehow it always comes out gloomy.
At least when you're acting you can be someone. In front of the camera you have to be yourself. And who am I?
You have to know who you are, if you don't you have nightmares.
I think great art is always ambiguous and can't be pinned down.
Acting is way of making yourself exist.
Angel was the first Irish feature film. Neil's first movie and my first movie.
At this moment, when Ireland seems about to break into something new, we thought it was worth looking back at a time when people seemed to have found a way out of the sectarian division of the country.
I am afraid of death, scared by it. I already don't know whether I exist or not. So dying really terrifies me.
I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion.
I didn't want to be seen as just a guy on a list. I'm interested in good scripts, scripts that are about something, scripts that move your acting along.
I don't feel ashamed of my wife's political background, and I don't think she should either. I feel that the people who administered the North of Ireland for the last 20 years should be ashamed. There you are.
I have never been to a brothel. I don't think I could go into one.
I'm enjoying it, but I still don't know why I'm hooked on acting.
I've been worked over by the English press because there's an assumption that my politics are identical with my wife's, and for that matter that my wife's politics are identical with her politics of 20 years ago.
I've never been in a bad play. There might have been bad productions and I might have been bad in them, but I've never been in a play that wasn't interesting or worthwhile doing on some level.
My kids act all the time and it's exactly what I used to do.
People often refer to my career before The Crying Game as something which led up to that point. But I was very fulfilled in what I was doing.
That was the beginning of modern acting for me. You don't have to tell a camera everything. It gets bored if you do and wants to look elsewhere.
The Butcher Boy is a very great novel indeed and a very important Irish novel. The ambiguity of that is, he's writing a book about an appalling situation and he does it in a hilarious way.
The worst thing for an actor is a director that gets on your nerves and says things that actually confuse you.
You do small movies because the script is good and because you believe in the director. You don't care about the money. And when they disappear, it's a pity.
I see people with laptops as being enslaved to something they can't live without.
I'm not in denial about technology, but my mother used to say when I was a kid, 'Son, you're handless,' because I couldn't fix anything. My ambition is to be a Luddite.
I'd like to own a movie camera - a proper one, with film, not a digital thing. Celluloid has more character.
If you're playing a lead, you're shaping the movie. When you're playing a supporting role, you've got only a moment to make it count.
I never watch TV. I know I'm missing so much, aren't I? I'm probably not. I can't stand popular TV. I've got too much to do to watch it. I know that sounds pretentious and pompous, but there you are.
