American,Actor
A career is a series of ups and downs, of comebacks.
It's good Xerox is known for its copying machines, and it's good Jim Carrey is known for comedy.
Everyone keeps asking me, What are you doing? I say, Why do I need to do anything? I'm rich.
You never know who's going to become your friend. Friends are always chance meetings.
I'm somebody who's really contributed to culture. Popular culture.
If you put down a list of jobs, doctor, lawyer, janitor, teacher or movie star, everybody would pick the movie star. And why? So you could lie around the pool, drink margaritas and send money to your parents. So that's what I did.
No matter how bad your life gets, you can always turn it around.
If you're an underdog, mentally disabled, physically disabled, if you don't fit in, if you're not as pretty as the others, you can still be a hero.
Underneath all the skin, we're all the same.
A gay man can be friends with a straight man. That can happen.
I'm not going to say, I'm an actor and I'm changing the world. Who cares?
I'm somebody who deserves to be supported and encouraged to continue my work because I have a lot to give.
There are 100,000 actors in the Screen Actors Guild. Only 2,000 of them make more than $75,000 a year.
I'm not bragging but my movies have grossed well over a billion dollars.
I'm lucky to be in this business. I'm very grateful.
Directing is a tremendous art.
Every film can be fun, even if it's a terror.
For 15 years I did two to three movies a year, sometimes four. I didn't get to spend time building my personal life.
From 1980 to 1990, I shot more films than any other actor in the Screen Actors Guild, apart from Gene Hackman.
I love the fame and the money and the power. You have to keep working to have that.
I'm sure if you dig deep, Joe and Ralph Fiennes do it because they want to be noticed.
I've made a lot of people a lot of money, and I've made a lot of people really happy. I've entertained millions and millions of people.
I've only had good experiences with actors. Starring next to them and directing them, for the most part they're all inspiring, special people.
In Utah, there are no bad things in the water there. It's just smooth, really beautiful.
Let's look at people as artists and try to support them; just because Picasso painted a couple of bad paintings, that's no reason to say he's a lousy painter.
Someone's just told me the English are still trying to take over the United States - is that true?
