English,Actor
I don't want to look back at my career and see a string of incredibly commercial projects that don't have much heart. I'm looking for things that have soul.
I'm into books - I love literature, so I toyed with the idea of being an English teacher. I had a fantastic English teacher at school. I think great English teachers make the world go round.
I've got Colin Firth's number in my phone!
This is going to sound a bit weird because she's a lot older than I am, but I've got a thing for Meryl Streep.
I loved DreamWorks and Pixar, and I still love kids' films.
I've made these films, and I'm really proud, but my lifestyle hasn't changed.
I learned how to ski for 'Eddie the Eagle.' I never skied before. So I had to go out to Germany a couple of weeks early and make sure I could ski.
Doing 'Kingsman' is such hard work. It's so physical and demanding.
If there's one thing I've learnt, it's that I don't think a man ever looks better than when he's in a suit. So I'm wearing them increasingly, not in my personal life, but in my professional life, and I'm really enjoying it.
Doing the press has become as much of a job as getting in front of the camera. You have to avoid burnout, avoid saying anything stupid, but still come across as yourself.
People always say 'humbling,' but I actually think it's quite inflating being nominated for an award. It's wonderful; it's a great feeling.
I've met some incredible people who I really admire.
I think being busy is a healthy thing.
I want to have fun. I'm not interested in being a serious actor, because I think it's boring, and I think we've got plenty of them.
There are some parts of my life that are wonderful, and it's amazing to get to go to cool events and award shows and things like that, but I think the outside perception is that your life just changes overnight and you wear Dolce and Gabanna suits and drive a Mercedes. But life's just not like that.
The whole spirit of 'Eddie The Eagle' is that it's the taking part that counts, not the winning.
I feel like I've made good friends with people I've worked with, but in terms of lasting inspiration, it is probably Matthew Vaughn who directed 'Kingsman' who's been really supportive, loyal to me, and been a really good person to work with.
I'm trying to play parts which are a little more out there, but I want variety.
I've never considered myself to be a fashionista type of guy.
Of course, everyone would like to play a superhero, but this is by no means me saying I would like to go play Cyclops.
I think a British icon is someone who conducts themself with real dignity: someone who is truly talented and modest. These are things that I would aspire to in my career.
I get cast as a lot of sympathetic characters. I'd like to play someone really unpleasant.
I only act in films where I've got an A-lister as my mentor.
I have absolutely no interest in playing the young male lead around which a story happens.
I like dogs, I just don't choose to spend time with them.
I grew up with Bond.
I did a musical when I was 17, an amateur show, and I loved it.
In drama school, I entered a singing competition, which I ended up winning, which was great.
I'd love to do something at Marvel, but I don't think I would do a seven-movie deal. That's a bit too much for me.
Franchises mean that you're tied in. That's a lovely feeling of comfort to the whole thing. From a business perspective, it really keeps you current and lets you go and do other smaller, more pedestrian things.
I completely get the drag thing.
I want variety. I certainly don't want any kind of hype if I can avoid it. I'm trying to play parts which are a little more out there, but I want variety, I suppose, because - like a lot of people - I'm easily bored.
I want to work with different people, and I would like to work in different places.
For an actor to have the chance to go and play something that's far away from yourself, physically and also in terms of personality, character, is so much fun.
I love funk and soul and Motown.
I'm a big Otis Redding fan, Al Green, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye. My hero is David Bowie. But I like the Beatles, the Stones.
The Strokes are one of my favorite bands... And there's this band called Future Islands that I love.
Obviously, you always hope you're going to get on with people you work with.
I always sang in school choirs and went on tours to other countries. I have always loved it. It's a very communal thing, and you really connect with people.
You go to drama school, and the people you revere and admire are those who work on the London stage, and you hope that's a world that you'll be able to break into and do enough occasional television and small film work to eventually get to the point where you're paying the bills.
We don't quite have the same comic book culture as America, but I would watch Spider-Man cartoons and X-Men cartoons and watch Bond as much as anyone on the planet.
It's quite a thrill to be playing a hero.
I would have to have some tragedy and romance in my life, but I've actually had a very cushioned, caring upbringing. I'm desperately seeking some edge. Maybe I'll find it one day.
I've always loved film, and it started with Pixar movies.
I used to sculpt a bit as a kid.
I meet an enormous number of incredible people all the time, people I find very inspiring, and I'm very busy.
I don't want to worry about maintaining an air of decorum that's not natural to me.
Brie Larson's performance in 'Room' was pretty incredible.
It's been an ambition of mine, before I even wanted to act, to be involved in animation.
I used to draw and make plastic figurines and watch 'Wallace and Gromit' films.
I love singing as much as I love acting.
I don't know if I'm quite grizzly enough. My facial hair is still very thin and patchy. I feel someone who plays Wolverine potentially needs testosterone in abundance.
