American,Actor
Honesty and loyalty are key. If two people can be honest with each other about everything, that's probably the biggest key to success.
You've got to keep your eye on the prize and do what you love to do.
You show up in Paris, and on the drive from the airport to the hotel you're like, 'This is so cool! I want to see something! I want to go to the Eiffel Tower!' And then you leave the next morning. You think, Oh, I didn't get to do anything. I tell people: I've been just about everywhere, but I've seen nothing.
The coolest thing about the series is that we stay very true to the books; it would be silly for us not to, because the books are exactly what the fans want to see. There's an action side to it, which I love, and there are werewolves now. There aren't just vampires. There's a wolf pack.
I like to think of myself as very loyal, and I love everyone I surround myself with, whether they're friends or girlfriends or whatever.
I believe in the saying, 'If you aim at nothing, you're going to hit nothing.' So if you don't set goals, then you have nowhere to go.
I'm not the biggest motorcycle fan - they're cool and a lot of fun, but they're scary as well!
When I went to Australia, I went shark diving. It was crazy. It was called 'extreme' shark diving because even though we were in cages, we literally could touch the sharks swimming by. They were huge and I'm terrified of sharks. Then I went to a wildlife park and held kangaroos. That was nice.
The actual getting into the gym and working out process was easier, but the eating was harder. I had to eat every two hours. At one point, my trainer said, 'Put anything in your mouth. Go to McDonald's, get the biggest shake possible. I just need to get calories in you.' Because my body fat at the time was only, like, 7.5%.
The day I finished 'Twilight,' I came home and started bulking up. For 'New Moon,' I'm 30 pounds heavier than I was in 'Twilight.'
I love to have fun and goof around and be silly, so anybody who can also do that is good for me.
I live with my family. I moved to L.A. eight years ago, and it's the same room. But I'm looking now. I might get a condo.
Filming 'Eclipse' - Eclipse was my favorite book so I was really excited to start filming the movie. I just love that it's the height of the love triangle. 'Twilight' develops Edward and Bella's relationship, 'New Moon' develops Jacob and Bella's and in 'Eclipse,' the three of them are physically together.
Nobody's ever wanted to start a fight. I stay away from all that stuff.
I definitely love Australia. I've been to Sydney and Melbourne a couple of times, and I love those places.
In my last scene in 'Breaking Dawn,' Bella has just died and I run outside and crumple to the ground and just lose it. I'm bawling. That was my last scene of 'Twilight' ever and I definitely had some extra motivation.
I was in the gym five days a week, two hours a day. At one point, I was going seven days straight. I had put on a lot of weight, and then I started losing it drastically, so I was worried. It turned out I was overworking myself. My trainer told me that I couldn't break a sweat, because I was burning more calories than I was putting on.
At one point I had to shove as much food in my body as possible to pack on calories. My trainer wanted me to do six meals a day and not go two hours without eating. If I would cheat on eating one day, I could tell - I'd drop a few pounds.
I love action films. I'd love to do an action drama. I'm always looking to give my character something action-oriented to do.
If I start thinking, 'Is this movie going to open? Is this movie going to do well?' I'm not focusing on the job. The job is to make a good movie.
There's some things you just have to live with. Like twelve cars camping outside your house, and when you wake up in the morning, they're going to follow you wherever you go. It helps that I live in Valencia. It eliminates some. But they're still here.
The thing I love is that my home life hasn't changed. I still help out with the garbage. I still help out with the lawn.
I got the famous Oprah hug!
I hope that I would be considered romantic. I don't know... one of my favorite movies is 'The Notebook' so I guess that would be considered romantic. But I think being romantic is more than the flowers and the gifts. It's about connecting with the person and being able to talk and share things with her.
A dream acting role would be Matt Damon in the Bourne series. I would love to do something like that!
One second I'll be listening to country, and then the next I'll be listening to rock and then R&B. It's ridiculous. I'm all over the place with my music.
You've got to keep pushing, keep driving, because in this business, you're going to hear 'no' a lot more than you hear 'yes.'
It's hard enough condensing 500 pages into a movie, and it would have been impossible to condense 800.
I've found the world's most versatile word - 'cheeky.' The amount of ways you guys can use the word 'cheeky' is quite impressive.
Doing a lot of drama earlier in my career and now exploring comedy has been a treat for me, and I've had an absolute blast, and I hope to continue.
Honestly, for a big city, London is by far my favourite city on earth, and I'm not just saying that!
If you constantly pound your muscles, they'll never have time to repair.
I was exercising so hard that I began to lose weight.
There are pros and cons to everything but especially with what I have chosen. There are cons - the privacy level and everything that comes with it - but I feel there are a lot more pros. And I am doing what I love to do, so I am not complaining at all.
I've completely fallen in love with the U.K., and I'd love to spend a couple of months a year there.
Bulking up for the Twilight films was one of the hardest things I've done... I had to give myself a lot of pep talks, as there was just so much gym time.
British girls are really funny, so I definitely think we'd get along.
I am that weirdo that chooses the difficult route down the side of the street.
When you make a movie independently, you raise the money beforehand, and then you make the movie kind of by yourself.
I think the one film that I could watch over and over and over again - and I have - is 'Man on Fire.'
'Braveheart' is way up there for me.
I got to work with legendary director Garry Marshall.
I'd have to say the biggest transformation would be my schedule. I'm really, really busy, but it's a lot of fun.
I'm not sure what 'cheeky' means. I hear it used so much and in so many different ways, I can't identify the real meaning of it.
What's really important to me is somebody who can totally let loose and pretty much be themselves and have fun.
I'd love to do a movie with Denzel Washington, or some action star such as Matt Damon or Mark Wahlberg would be really cool, too.
I try and keep up with the top 10 on iTunes.
My favorite movie is 'Iron Man.' I tell people that I think it's just as good as 'Dark Knight,' if not better, and people tell me I'm crazy. I really like 'Iron Man.'
I actually wasn't much of a book reader at all before the 'Twilight' series. They just draw you in, and people love them. They're terrific books.
I love challenging myself, doing different things, and exploring different areas that I haven't been to or gone to before.
I signed this girl's arm. And the next day, a family member shot me an email, and it was a link to this girl who had my signature tattooed on her arm. I was like, 'Man, that's dedication. I'm sorry you did that.'
I think of 'Twilight' in terms of the fact that the popularity has given us the opportunity to do the things that we love, and now we can pick and choose.
I'm re-teaming with the producers of 'Twilight,' whom I love and who I have an amazing relationship with.
I've gotten over that by now. But I remember the first time reading the book, I was like, 'Wait, Jacob's been trying to get Bella this entire time, and he strikes out, so he goes for her child?' I was so confused. It took me a second.
