American,Actor
Every one of us is an artist, and as an artist, you really can stroll into any venue that you want, as long as you take your time to learn the etiquette of that venue.
My future's about trying to be a better man.
We both can be the most beautiful and benevolent creatures on the planet, but then there's another side that can be as harsh and as ugly as the darkest thing you could imagine seeing.
And when I stopped doing that and started thinking about what feels natural and what feels right to me and started pleasing myself, then it became good.
I am an engineer, but what I find important and necessary is that you just learn things as you go along.
When you hear buzz around the beehive, you know they're making honey in there.
Every little job becomes a dream, and you don't recall it anymore, and maybe you might have a deja vu moment, but it's like something you dreamed earlier.
The purpose of my life is being a father to my kids and being a husband to my wife.
I've always had a natural fear of the police, or abuse of their power.
Sometimes the only way to make palatable that which is appalling and apprehensive is to season it with some humor.
In every person we meet there's this little piece of God in them and that's who you talk to. And that's the only person that you allow to talk to you. When something else is speaking, you walk away from that. If it's not good, if it's not love, you walk away from it.
Every role you play is literally - and I've said this before - every single role that you play, the only way you can connect to that character is because that was a piece of you that was scattered around that yard, almost like we got caught up in some whirlwind.
As a child our dreams got scattered all about and all our future prospects got scattered to so many places, and we spend our lives trying to find the little pieces that make up our lives and make up the dreams that we had as a child that got blown away in the windstorm.
My life's experiences, I've always had, my uncle used to call it antenna. I know what's going to happen oftentimes before it happened when it's involving me.
The only thing that really matters in the initial part of my career, the worst mistake I've ever made was try to do things to please the audience thinking how the audience is going to respond if I do this.
No, most of the decisions that I make with regard to taking roles, I just look for something that's challenging, something that I think I can accomplish, you know.
I just wanted to be a scientist.
You just drop a character like this that and the other and it's done.
I ad lib. I've gotta bring my own into it.
I'm trying to make enough money where I can be financially independent and be able to go and just pursue that thing that everybody really needs, just pursue my family and the cause of my family.
I don't have any love for this business or the game or for acting. This is my day job.
We call the Creator father, because we rely upon Him to protect us, guide us, feed us, keep us warm, to discipline us and all those things. I try to take my cue from the Creator, with regard to my children.
I like to watch mankind in its futile attempt to understand the unknown, when they don't even understand that which they know.
So I show appreciation for the little gifts that have been handed to me.
The difference with Cleveland is that the racial tension was not a casual taste of it. It was outlandish.
And I'm very surprised that all this stuff actually worked out to where I could have a career in film, gain the benefit of my education, and be thankful that I was able to break into my craft as an actor.
