English,Actor
'Divergent' is a story about people who don't fit into a category - that is a big part of the message - but it's also about conformity and forcing people into these simple archetypes. At the end of the day, humans don't exist like that. We're multifaceted.
People say that New Yorkers aren't friendly, but I think they're more friendly than Londoners. Here there is a front-footed nature of Americans. You can go out on a night out and meet 10 random people and stay in touch with them, whereas that's not going to happen in the same way in London.
We're in a world where masculinity, especially with these big spectacle movies, is often pushed by rippling six packs and forcing an image down someone's throat trying to prove masculinity. Whereas I think true masculinity comes from having a strong sense of self.
I had a pretty steep learning curve in film - as I'm still learning.
I don't think I believe in ghosts, per se. But, my nearest experience was when I went on a weekend away and was in a bar in England, years ago, with an ex-girlfriend. I heard this scratching. I was about to go to bed and I was thinking, 'It's an old ghost.' I could hear this noise, but I couldn't work out where it was coming from.
Every time I come, I'm still amazed at the breadth California has. Big Sur, Yosemite, the desert... I love it.
What is interesting, as well, is how much power homicide detectives have and how much respect. They are kind of rock stars, especially in New York. There are not that many of them.
I was in New Zealand and met this girl. Her sister dared me to bungee jump, so I did! It was a spur-of-the-moment decision - I wanted to impress the girl, and it worked! We were in a relationship after that.
Inherently, I'm not a huge extrovert, so I actually find interviews and all the glamour to be a bit challenging sometimes.
Diving into Internet speculation is like playing with the devil. It's tempting, of course.
Naturally, obviously, nudity is a part of life.
New York cops are very specific in terms of the way they talk and the way they handle themselves. All these cliches that, as an Englishman, I thought were from a bygone era or were a bit of poetic license with cop shows - the more you hang out with them, the more you realize how real that jargon is.
What I like about the 'Underworld' thing is that it's a mix of cool genres, as well as creating its own message.
I saw 'Captain America' in 3D. It's cool. I liked the beginning. It's a really good setup.
I was in the school plays, I did a lot of music. I carried on through university for short films and loads of plays.
I've got two brothers and two sisters, so there's five of us and we're all very close, which is cool.
I think you can tell when a New York show isn't shot in the city. It's so iconic and has such a specific energy.
To me, the difference between New York and London is that things are boring and staid in London.
I know there's Brooklyn and all the boroughs, but Manhattan specifically is so condensed that the energy is very vibrant. Everywhere you look there is something happening.
In Britain, you do your job. When you do an American TV show, there is a sense of being one with the crew, and there is a leadership element, which was a learning curve for me because it is very different culturally. In Britain, you just do it, leave and say, 'Thanks.'
I have the same friends I've had for years and the same family. Unless you love rock n' roll and Hollywood parties and having your photo taken, I don't think necessarily things need to change too much.
I'd love to do something where I played a musician.
You question, as anybody should, the overarching worth of your profession, right? So that's a question I've often asked myself.
I was thinking recently, I've always loved the ocean. If I could do it all again, I might do an oceanography degree. You can do ocean archaeology, and I thought that might be fascinating to do - man-made structures, where the sea has risen above the structures.
I always think that you finish one movie, you start a new one, and you think, 'OK. I did that last one. Now I've learned. I know how this works.' Then by the end of the movie, you think, 'No, I don't, really.'
It's frustrating we still don't see more movies featuring strong women.
I'm definitely a joker.
While I find my job as an actor challenging, I also think that there's fun in that challenge.
Everybody has a bit of body armor they wear to protect themselves, and love is about trying to break it down. You have to see who a person really is and connect with her to break that armor.
You know what actors are like. You can sometimes be like, 'Darling, darling, we love each other,' but you don't really know them.
