American,Actor
I don't know what to say about it except Tom Hanks is a great person, a serious person; he's dissatisfied in a very likeable way, in a very discreet way, and Steven Spielberg is similar in his discretion and drive. But Spielberg is calm. He's this driven filmmaker and visionary. He really is.
Being alone is scarier than any boogey man and the reason why I don't choose to see Horror movies as a rule.
My family is very discreet. White-shoe, you know?
I want to do 'Company of Heroes 2,' if they do it. It depends on how the movie performs, but they hope it will perform well. They have a franchise on their mind, and if it's a franchise, man, I'm going to be a very happy person.
I was an anomaly because my father was a Harvard man, and he came from a family of poor people.
Temptation is impossible for me to resist... Come on. This is Hollywood. It's in the job description.
I think being a movie star is about whether an audience can watch you and care about you.
I know that 20 years from now if anyone asks me one question, it will be, 'What was it like to be in Saving Private Ryan?
I weighed 190 when I got to boot camp, I came out at 178. I ate only the beans and tomato sauce.
Although I get so much fan mail from Great Britain, tell me, am I more famous there than Michael Madsen?
It was dog food. Beef livers with onions in a can. You open it up and it looks like vomit.
I didn't come to Hollywood to drink or get high, and I don't want to be considered a cool actor - I want to be a great actor.
I like to touch things. In my house I have a lot of velvet drapes and thick, lush couches.
My wife and I are a team, and it's good for my work because I'm interested in working from a stable base.
Why am I the way I am? Well, I used to be different.
I'm a very fortunate actor. I'm blessed to be the position I'm in right now.
I was a wayward kid, a rambunctious and angry teenager, but I found acting as a fifteen-year-old.
You must have to want it so badly, if there is any way you can live without it, get out of it. Being an unsuccessful actor is like having a skin disease. Make sure your passion is not misplaced.
Fatherhood didn't change me in the beginning very much.
I try to stop and take a 10-second break and ask myself before I do something: One, is this going to improve my life for my children, or two, will there be a potential for something to go wrong here?
I'm trying to reestablish my career and do great work and give my kids the life they deserve.
I am not as crazy as people think.
I shot a couple of movies in jail, but I was never in jail.
I'm afraid of the dark. I'm not kidding.
I'm a big baby. I'm not tough at all.
I used to blame my problems on other people. But my moment of clarity, if you want to call it that, came when I was looking in the mirror one day and just burst into tears. It wasn't just that I looked bad, it was that I knew my problem was me.
I am a guy's guy. I'm all boy.
I really desire a partner.
I know a lot about the Battle of the Bulge, and a lot about World War II from 'Saving Private Ryan.'
I don't know if people know that Sylvester Stallone is one of the most decent gentlemen that I've ever met. He's the most consistent friend I've ever had.
A lot of acting, and I believe this, is either you can do it or you can't.
I read for 'Reservoir Dogs,' and it got down to me and Buscemi, and Quentin couldn't make up his mind. I really wanted that part, but Buscemi is great in that. I also got really close on 'Gladiator,' but Ridley Scott decided on Russell Crowe, who's perfect in it.
I may be a vain person, but I'm not a vain performer.
I was a tough kid. I don't punch people anymore.
I wanted to get on with my life when I was 16. I knew I wanted to be an actor. I wanted to get out of Detroit.
