English,Actor
Whatever life throws at me I'll take it and be grateful for it as well.
If you're put on a set with a lot of people, it's just nice to see everyone working together.
I like to fish. Fishing is always a way of relaxing.
Going online and asking questions is the best way to learn.
It's definitely more fun playing a bad guy. It feels a lot better than playing one of the good guys.
I really liked the snake that breaks out of the cage in the beginning of the movie. I saw it in real life, and it was really cool. Really big and fat. The owls are cool as well, but you can't really pet them.
I like geography. I like to know where places are.
I'm generally more and more in my comfort zone in the wild.
One thing that people keep on saying to me is that the wealth and the fame must have made up for missing out on my childhood. But the idea of money - putting a price on your childhood - is ridiculous. You will never get those years back and you can't put a price on them.
And to me, fame is not a positive thing. The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality. It's fantastic when you go to premieres and people cheer you, but it's not real. And it's totally not my approach to get my name on a club door just because I can.
It's fun to be blond, and it's almost difficult to remember how I used to look with my proper hair color.
The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality.
As soon as you see 'Dame' in front of someone's name, you get nervous, but Dame Maggie Smith is the most wonderfully gentle woman I have ever met. She never had a bad word to say.
As soon as I get my car I think I'll be going to the cinema more. Since I don't go very often, there are no films that are a must see at the moment. I usually wait till they come out on DVD.
I like physics. I think it is the best science out of all three of them, because generally it's more useful. You learn about speed and velocity and time, and that's all clever stuff.
I'd have to just say that working with other people, it's a different world from school.
You can finish school as soon as you finish the GCSE's.
People always tell me I'm nothing like my character. Well, hopefully not! He's a character who's very defined. He was purposefully written by Jo Rowling as very one-dimensional in the first few books, because you're supposed to hate him.
I've started a little independent record label called 'Six String Productions' and recorded a couple of tunes, and I hope to do some more with some future artists next year. It's a real passion project of mine.
Also, I just think of Draco and he gets me in the right mood. He just keeps getting worse and worse.
I'd like to know about some of the things that they teach down there, like building a lake. If I ever wanted to build a lake, I'd like to know how to do it.
I bought a lot of rubbish things that kids buy: skateboards and clothes and typical teenage stuff. And, as soon as I could, I wasted a lot of money on cars - BMW's mostly - for myself and my family.
I think I'd take a human butler over a robot one.
A nice pop star would do you nice on one of those deserted islands.
Everyone plays their own crucial part towards the film.
I don't go to the cinema much.
I had been working for eight years and all I had to show for it was this horrible debt. At one point we had the bailiff at the door.
I have met a couple of six-year-olds who were apparently quite excited to meet me - before they actually met me. And when they actually met me they ran behind their parents' legs and cowered for shelter.
I'm not too unintelligent.
What twelve year old wouldn't want to play an evil wizard?
I'd rather play a character that was really, really different to me as to someone who is quite close to my character.
If young children boo me, that makes my day.
I hope to be scaring children for the rest of my life.
I bought a lot of rubbish things that kids buy: skateboards and clothes and typical teenage stuff.
There was a scary two years where it was madness because I was really in trouble with the taxman.
I have three brothers; I'm the youngest of four.
I had a great childhood.
I find it's usually the bullies who are the most insecure.
I have done a bit of recording and the songs are available on iTunes, and I've got some nice comments. It's something I enjoy doing, but I'm not looking for a singing career any time soon. As long as one person gets enjoyment out of it, I'm happy to make it available.
I think it's pretty crazy to say you've been typecast at the age of 20 before you've even really started getting going.
When I was 9 or 10 years old it wasn't the thing to be seen doing - reading a book in your spare time.
In England we are sort of very awkward.
Whether it's acting, directing or writing, I want to be involved in the film industry for the rest of my life.
Bad boys do get the girls.
I'm a real big country boy.
I live right in the middle of nowhere and I thoroughly enjoy it.
I'll take my clothes off - whatever the job requires.
I started my own record label.
I don't have an album cover with me on a broomstick.
I'm such an admirer, I am an admirer of villains, especially working with so many great ones.
Working with big actors and realising that they were just normal people who've got an incredible talent was just a great experience.
I'd like to own my own garage and my own fishery. I'd also like to be a professional fisherman. But I'll take whatever happens.
The Japanese fans always send weird things.
Oh God, you know what would be really good for me is a dog locater - it would save me the hours that I have to spend looking for my dog.
I'm always buying gadgets, especially at airports.
The music stuff is just a hobby.
It sounds like a media line, but I'm passionate about thanking the fans for their support.
You avoid the hype while you're working, you have to, but the premiere is the one night of the year where you can enjoy it.
I don't like to label films with a genre.
I like all films whether it's dark or light, love, hate, whatever it is, I enjoy it.
Those of you that think filming is all glamour, you're so wrong! Really, only the premieres are the glitzy bits.
If someone tried to take the hierarchy thing too seriously - for example, being lovely to producers but moaning to runners about the tea - that would not be accepted on 'Harry Potter'; someone would pull you aside and have a word.
I remember my first scene with Alan Rickman, and I was anxious because he is a slight 'method' actor; as soon as he is in his cloak, he walks and talks like Snape - it is quite terrifying. But I really wanted to talk to him because 'Robin Hood' was one of my favourite films.
I would miss months of school and then return with bright blond hair. Needless to say, there was bullying. I wasn't beaten up daily, but there was name-calling and jealousy. You have to bear in mind that 'Harry Potter' wasn't cool. I wasn't part of the 'Terminator' franchise.
I like my ladies lady-ish, feminine so to speak. I love jeans and hoodies, but the idea of being an ultimate tomboy does slightly confuse me.
I'd love to be in Paul McCartney's shoes for a day. I'd love to pick up a guitar and write songs like he does. Or to experience what it might have been like to be a Beatle for a day.
I'm terrible at texting people back. It takes me, like, three days. I'm not a big phone person.
I'm not a big splurger of money, but my guilty pleasures do lie within BMWs. I get roped in.
I like the laid-back ladies. Looks are stressed so much these days, and a lot of girls feel they need to do all of these weird and wonderful things to look good, and they really don't. The best-looking girls don't do anything; they just sort of know they're beautiful, especially in jeans and a hoodie.
I was cursed with age, really. You do that stupid thing at 12 years old when you say something and it kind of sticks with you for the rest of your life. So, I believe I said I wanted to be a fishery manager. In hindsight, I think acting could be a better route.
I'm a little bit of a geek - I have to be the first person to get new things when they come out. I always want to buy and try new gadgets.
I do have a bit of a garden, and I'd love a hovercraft to get around it - one of the big four-seater ones with the fan on the back.
I am looking to get into the grime rap U.K. scene.
I'm going to change my image - backward caps, the lot.
I'm a keen musician. Me and my mates have a great times jamming and recording stuff. We have a great band behind us and have turned my nursery-rhyme songs into quite credible pieces of music.
