English,Actor
The most important thing, in anything you do, is always trying your hardest, because even if you try your hardest and it's not as good as you'd hoped, you still have that sense of not letting yourself down.
I'm never quite cool, if you know what I mean. I'm basically the worst, best superhero.
Every kid goes through puberty, wondering what to do about girls and struggling with homework, and every adult has been through that.
I'd love to make a movie with Tom Hardy. If we ever got the chance to make a Venom movie together, that would be super-cool, but his movie would have to take place in the MCU because I'm not giving up my ticket in the MCU.
If I can bring happiness to people all around the world, then I will try my best to do so.
I feel like if you put something out into the universe, then you increase your chances of it happening.
It's definitely a good way to stay in touch with your fans. The main reason I really use Instagram is because I want to hear their thoughts and what would they like to happen and see if I can make that happen. Which is a really nice way of being in touch with them all around the world.
I personally think if something's not a challenge, there's no point doing it, because you're not gonna learn much.
Me and my mates go free running all the time. It's not my mum's favourite sport. I've probably jumped four metres on to grass and two metres between buildings. It's nothing like you see on the Internet, with guys jumping off skyscrapers, but it's fun.
The 20-year goal is to be a film director. The 15-year goal is to win an Oscar. The five-year goal is to just keep enjoying myself.
I can't even touch my toes!
The harder you try, the better the impression you set on the people around you.
I think these movies are definitely comedies. It's quite difficult to take a superhero movie seriously because everything is heightened. A kid being bitten by a radioactive spider and getting superpowers is kind of ridiculous.
I completely and utterly rely on my mum. Without my mum, I would not be anywhere at all. I'd literally just be a couch potato.
I met two of my movie heroes. I met Tom Hanks, and I met Steven Spielberg. Oh and Quentin Tarantino.
I'm not a very good swimmer, and every time I'm in the water, I'm constantly reminded of that because I feel like I'm going to drown!
Peter Parker can't dance. He can flip and climb up walls and do backflips, but he definitely can't dance.
There was times when I was bullied about dancing and stuff. But you couldn't hit me hard enough to stop me from doing it.
The Internet has perceived me as this fantastic dancer. I can still do a couple pirouettes, but I am by no means a proper dancer.
I don't like spiders at all, but I love heights.
Colombia is so different to what I know, and every aspect of the country is different to England, and I loved it. I loved the culture and the food, and the coffee was amazing. The place that we were was stunning, and it really was quite an amazing experience to film out there.
I was in my bed scrolling through Instagram. It had been about a month since my audition. And Marvel just posted a photo saying go to our website and find out who the next Spider-Man is. I went on the Marvel website on my computer, and there it was: The new Spider-Man is Tom Holland. I went ballistic - like, absolutely nuts.
It was amazing for me to play a character opposite Benedict Cumberbatch - he's someone who I've looked up to for years - and the idea that I would work with him and then become friends with him was an amazing experience.
I always wanted to be a stuntman. If acting went well and I was able to take a year out, I might train and get on the stunt register, which gives you qualifications so you can do more of your own stunts.
Being on a film set, you are always around such fantastic people. And I feel like I've been lucky. I feel like I've worked with the best of the best.
I loved doing ballet. I trained for two years.
When I'm acting, it's like I am the character - no one can talk to me. But I'm not so method I'd sell my house and live on the street to play a tramp.
When I was young, my mom realized I could dance and hold a beat, and I really danced just for fun. It was good exercise.
I was an ordinary student at school and, at the same time, an actor. But I was not the popular kid, which helped me to play Peter Parker better.
It's very easy to relate to a kid who is having trouble in high school... less so to relate to a billionaire whose Lamborghini broke down.
I think, from every actor I've ever spoken to, they say the biggest thing they regret from life is not finishing school.
I'm literally tone-deaf with singing. It's unreal.
When I'm on set, I don't really think about what an audience is going to think about a scene. I'm just thinking about how I can make it best. And how I can enjoy myself most.
Best thing about shooting in Atlanta at night is that it's not as hot as it is during the day.
My teenage life was a little strange.
One of the reasons why Spider-Man is my favorite superhero is because we both undergo big changes in our lives.
It's important not to make Spider-Man masculine because he's a kid. As soon as you make him masculine, it's harder to relate to him if you are younger and are in high school. I definitely was not masculine in high school.
I remember watching 'Avengers 1' for the first time and thinking, 'God, one day I want to be in one of those movies.' I just want to be in the movie.
I never thought I would be Spider-Man in an 'Avengers' movie, but it's such a surreal experience, dude. It's so crazy.
When I was in 'Billy,' I always knew that I wanted to do something in performing. I always knew that I wanted to have a future in the performing arts. I had no idea that it was going to be acting in movies.
Marvel actually sent me to a school in the Bronx where I had a fake name, and I put on an accent, and I went for, like, three days. I basically had to go to this science school and blend in with all the kids, and some of the teachers didn't even know.
I was terrified watching 'Civil War' for the first time.
I think 'Spider-Man 2' is one of the greatest superhero movies ever made.
Peter Parker's storyline hits every key point of growing up.
My biggest flaw is probably my attention span or lack thereof. And while it might seem contradictory, my biggest strength is my work ethic.
I went to an all-boys school, where I played rugby, so ballet wasn't the coolest thing to do.
I'd like to be a director who gives my actors complete freedom while collaborating with them to find performances.
I come from very creative parents.
I reckon I had 30 Spider-Man costumes over the years since I was a little baby. I had Spider-Man bed sheets.
I want to work with Bayona again. I keep emailing my agent about it. Even the smallest role, I'll do it.
I don't want to be stuck to one character. I think that's what can happen when you take on a superhero movie.
I'm studying theater and media. I don't really know why I took media, because I'm so useless with technology, though it's fun. But, I do love theater and am having a great time learning about all the practitioners and getting to perform with my friends.
I went to an ordinary primary school, and then I started performing in a show called 'Billy Elliot' on the West End, and that was sort of my drama school.
I had acquired the skills to sail a ship; I didn't acquire the knowledge.
As an actor, I love a challenge.
I haven't seen 'The Empire Strikes Back' - I'm not gonna lie.
For some reason, I skipped the original 'Star Wars.' I don't know why, and I'm very embarrassed.
My big thing was when you see a superhero movie where their powers ain't consistent - like, they lift a truck but then struggle to fight just a regular human being - it makes it harder to believe.
There are so many things we have not seen in 'Spider-Man' yet... I want to use bad guys never seen in movies. The first films were so traditional and so scrupulously followed the character's classic plot... So there's a lot of stuff left in stock. 'The Clone Saga,' for example.
Fame is a beast that you can't control or be prepared for.
I try and let the film do the talking.
Zendaya is the one. At serving looks, she is the one to go to for tips.
I've got a huge family back in Ireland, and I've made loads of movies in Ireland.
Dublin is one of my favourite cities. It's an absolutely amazing place.
I feel like I've been playing Spider-Man my whole life. He's a character I've been pretending to be in my bedroom since I was a kid - so I've been preparing for this forever, I think.
I have been given such a wonderful opportunity, and I want to share that with people. If I can share that with kids in hospital, then that seems like the right thing to do.
I am definitely the same person I was when I finished 'The Impossible.' That's one of the things I really strive to keep.
That's what I love about working for Marvel is how welcoming and kind everyone is.
I've always had an argument with my best friend that Spider-Man was way better than Batman. I was a massive fan growing up.
Peter Parker is probably the most relatable superhero - maybe ever - because he goes through something that basically everyone has to go through. Whether it's puberty or talking to girls or doing homework, he does it in such a human way. That's why he's such a beloved character: because so many people can relate to him.
'Civil War' was such a whirlwind, and I didn't really know what was going on. I was thrown into the deep end.
'Avengers' was crazy because you're on set every day with actors I never dreamed I would work with. I'm as much a fan as anyone else.
Spider-Man is loved by a huge range of people. I think the real target audience is people younger than 16. It's because he's going through what they're going through.
I started dancing because of Janet Jackson.
I love the process of making a movie so much as an actor that I can only imagine I would love the process of being the director.
I like to consider myself a tech fan. That doesn't mean I'm a tech whiz, by any means.
'Infinity War' needs no teasing. That movie literally needs no teasing. It's going to be the biggest movie of all time. Believe me; no one is ready for this movie.
I think directing is something I would really enjoy.
'Fan' is an understatement. I had the Spider-Man costume, I had bed sheets, toys, you name it. I've always had an argument with my best friend that Spider-Man was way better than Batman. I was a massive fan growing up.
Peter Parker is probably the most relatable superhero, maybe ever, because he goes through something that basically everyone has to go through. Whether it's puberty or talking to girls or doing homework, he does it in such a human way.
'Spider-Man' was the best time of my life. I was there with my best friend. We shot in Atlanta. We shot every day and just had an absolute blast. 'Avengers' was crazy because you're on set every day with actors I never dreamed I would work with. I'm as much a fan as anyone else.
Bullies now aren't just jocks. They're rich kids in the nice cars with the fancy clothes.
I often find that superheroes are the bachelors or the billionaires - and everyone loves them. Peter Parker is basically the complete opposite. I just think that's what a lot of kids feel like as they're growing up.
Teleportation would be the best because I live on airplanes. It would be super handy to be able to teleport around.
When Ron Howard rings you up and says, 'I'd like you to do my film,' you do it.
It's quite difficult to take a superhero movie seriously because everything is heightened. A kid being bitten by a radioactive spider and getting superpowers is kind of ridiculous.
My goal was to try and kind of be our generation's Marty McFly. That was what my all-time goal was.
I don't read that many books - I tend to read scripts for projects.
Performing on stage is such a buzz. I've done stupid things such as jump off a building, but I'd never experienced adrenalin like I did on stage.
