American,Actor
We're also the only country that has the Death Penalty. That's something to boast about, isn't it?
There's only one thing worse than a man who doesn't have strong likes and dislikes, and that's a man who has strong likes and dislikes without the courage to voice them.
Sooner or later, we sell out for money.
I've always enjoyed Acting. Acting is acting.
So many people have won Emmys, so many people have won multiple Emmys that I think it's a degraded award.
You mustn't take any award so seriously.
Awards are only a publicity gimmick.
Awards sell tickets, and they're a clever publicity stunt.
Inherit the Wind is a wonderful play, and I was in the original with Paul Muni.
Well, I'm a tape-recording nut. I like to play my tapes.
Museums, I love museums.
Marilyn Monroe was no fun to work with. She would report to work around 5:00 in the evening. You've been in make-up since 8:30 in the morning waiting for her.
I thought that I held the record of most appearances on the Bob Hope Show, but I think - It's Brooke Shields.
I was on the Johnny Carson show, I believe 114 or 104 times. And aside from those times on the air, I never spoke to him. I never met him.
The competition is pretty rough these days.
The young actors coming out of the Universities are well trained.
Many of the Universities have very good Theatre Departments these days.
In fact, it used to be a joke if you studied at a University.
We have too many actors for the jobs available.
Everyone town of 100,000 in the United States should have a Classical Theater supported by the town, or the state of the county, or the Federal Government, as they have in every civilized country.
I never achieved my first goal in the National Actors Theatre, which is to have a permanent Acting Company.
I would have started the National Actors Theatre 30 years earlier.
And it's a crime because the great plays of history, going all the way back to the Greeks, are part of everybody's heritage. It's just like in music, Beethoven or Mozart, that's everybody's heritage.
The real thing is, you should be seeing these plays in the Theatre. That's what they were written for. That's where the enjoyment is. Studying them is no enjoyment whatsoever.
