Actor
Never be afraid to fail. Failure is only a stepping stone to improvement. Never be overconfident because that will block your improvement.
I practice martial arts not to win over other people but to win over my own heart.
My happiness is being able to present my talents for people to see, and I feel like I'm an ambassador of Thai history and Thai culture on film so that people can see Muay Thai.
I'm inspired by my master's movie 'Kerd ma lui,' Bruce Lee's 'Fists of Fury,' and Jackie Chan's 'Police Story.'
I have been a big fan of the 'Fast and the Furious' franchise. The films are fast-paced, fun and keep the audience involved. There is a great mix of humor and action, something I really appreciate.
I had the opportunity to go cast for a Hollywood film that was filming in Thailand called 'Mortal Kombat 2.' Out of 100 people, I was cast to be the stunt double for Robin Shou.
After doing a bunch of movies as a stuntman, I realized that being a stuntman, you are in the shadow of the actor, and they don't get to see your true ability, and I wanted people to see that it was really me doing those stunts, and it was really my true abilities.
I don't really want to be compared to Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan, but I really feel honored and really proud that people actually see me as them or similar to them, and because they are my inspiration for what I have become today. I am really honored that people compare me to those people.
I watch mostly every martial arts movie... I really like movies that aren't just martial arts. I like movies that have spiritual meaning behind them, like samurai movies, or movies that have meditation.
I think making a movie is like drawing or creating an art piece. The artwork reflects part of your personality, but not all.
As a director, I think it is important to keep a space between yourself and your film. It's like you are in the movie, but at the same time you are watching it from the outside.
Bruce Lee's fast pace, Jet Li's pretty style and Jet Li's acrobatics combine with Muay Thai for my own style.
I love every type of martial arts, but with Muay Thai in general, I want to see it being brought to the public more. There is no movie that has Muay Thai incorporated into it, so I want to bring that to the public.
