American,Actor
Without deadlines and restrictions I just tend to become preoccupied with other things.
Postman is a media analyst and his theory is that television doesn't influence our culture, but that it is our culture and the presidency and anything that relies on television.
News is something that happens that matters to you, which is not most of what we watch on television.
Mark Twain had a way of telling stories that shifts your consciousness away from labels.
You just don't understand humility until you have children and get divorced.
Jim Thompson understood something about the serial killer before the psychology caught up to it, which is that they are detached to it and they do want to get caught.
Mark Twain created a new type of literature and not a lot of people can say that. Not a lot of people can say they're absolutely original and completely self-made.
Hollywood's like a warehouse. It's just a place that you go. What's interesting in the warehouse has to do with the creative people.
If you think that by threatening me you can get me to do what you want... well, that's where you're right. But - and I am only saying this because I care - there's a lot of decaffeinated brands on the market that are just as tasty as the real thing.
The Secret Service is a strange group. They don't really have a leader. It's not set up like a military. Each one is supposed to be able to act like a leader when something comes up.
My perception is that I've never done anything but work really hard.
Warner Bros offered me the next Batman, and the only reason that I didn't do it was because of The Saint.
I'm very wary of news on television.
If you look up the definition of news in the dictionary, it isn't what you watch on TV.
Again, in Wag the Dog, war has to be declared by an act of congress. But if you go to war, you don't have to declare war. You're just at war and we did that, which is not legal.
I respect people who can do both careers, like Will Smith and a couple of other people who have done it, but I just don't know when they sleep.
I sang the songs in 'The Doors'.
It's the first time that I've ever had an art show based on a film, but it's a photography collage.
Well I sure had been looking for a comedy for years without any success.
Partly because the town is just finicky, there are strange Catch 22 clauses in the consciousness of this community and one of them was that you, I found out, you can't do a comedy unless you've just done a comedy.
The first play I saw was a Samuel Beckett play which was great.
A lot of old guys in movies are like cowboys - they talk like cowboys and they dress like cowboys.
That's the joy of art - it should be dangerous and challenging but it's just art - it's safe.
Acting is very immediate.
I have two children and they're young yet but all of the children that I know really inspire me.
Mark Twain is as big as America. He really is.
I think part of my reputation has to do with the difficult roles I've played. Actors do tend to get identified with their characters.
My children have absolutely no interest in my fame. They're very sophisticated, and they have a spiritual perspective on material things because we go to church.
I'm a character actor, but I look like a leading man.
It's the persona that makes you a leading actor. A leading actor has something extra that's fun to watch. But it isn't usually about acting.
It's a really weird thing, modern divorce. I found out I was getting divorced on television. That was kind of weird.
There's nothing good about divorce.
My father was raised in the mountains of New Mexico, and he picked cotton for a dollar a day. He was working for the family from the time he was 7.
There are lots of actors who are awful people, but nobody talks about them being awful because they've made billions.
What I do for a living is listen.
Peter Sellers was just a brilliant actor, and also comedic.
One out of 100 citizens of the U.S. is going to prison, and it's not that the system is making criminals, it's that it's making criminals better criminals. We're breeding them like rats and it has to change.
Most films made about the future acquiesce toward death, and I don't want to be told how to define my future.
I am not an American; I am the American.
I've never been that comfortable talking about myself or about acting.
I live on a ranch that's larger than Manhattan. That's a weird circumstance.
I never cultivated a personality. Almost everyone who is really famous has cultivated a personality.
Warren Beatty once told me that if someone's really stuck on you, find them their next boyfriend. But I could never do that.
It's fun to look at people that are so good at acting that aren't actors, like David Bowie creating a mystique about rock n' roll.
A wonderful but kind of a terrible truth about acting is that you actually get to a point where you become content with an impossible task: it is really impossible to properly prepare. You kind of have to start over every time.
I would probably do anything with David Mamet. He's so great. I just love his writing.
News isn't even the truth on television.
I've been very fortunate and met the guys that have become, basically, philosophers and have a kind of sensibility about life that's very precious.
