American,Actor
Doing stunt work is risky, but it's something I enjoy.
The Amish like to live a very plain lifestyle, the way they think God intended. It sort of brings you back to, like, 'Little House on the Prairie' days or something.
Now I get to pick and choose exactly what I want to do.
What I really enjoy the most is seeing what the crowd likes. I enjoy making people laugh.
We were doing the dance routine and I dislocated my knee. I've been doing stunts for a long time and it's kind of weird that I'd dislocate my knee just dancing.
There's times when you're having dinner with a good friend and you're in the middle of a conversation and somebody comes up and cuts you off. Can you sign this? Can I take a picture with you? I'm adjusting to all the attention.
There's nobody else that can double me - except for a doll.
People have a good time with all the catch phrases.
Me being able to beat up Austin Powers? I mean, how great can that be?
In the film, I'm not very mobile, like in the space suit.
In Men in Black, it was a very small character, no pun intended.
In high school and college all my friends and my brother wrestled.
If I did everything, I probably wouldn't be here talking to you. There aren't too many people who can actually double me, so I do most of my stunts though.
I've done approximately 15 films, and most of the things I've done have either been stunt or costume work.
I'm a big sports fan. College football is my favorite.
I'll be one of the Who's of Whoville.
I went to see the film with a regular audience for the first time on Sunday, and was basically swamped.
I was just the perfect person to play the Mini-Me character.
I think it was a good challenge for me to get my reactions across without being able to speak.
I just take it one day at a time. Austin Powers has given me a lot of opportunities as far as my career.
I grew up in Michigan, in a very small town, Centreville. In my graduating class, I had like 92 people.
I felt probably more uncomfortable than Beyonce. But I can't answer for her.
It's hard for me to even watch comedies I'm in.
I think when average-size people start taking roles that were meant for dwarfs, that's a little frustrating because there aren't that many roles out there for height-challenged actors.
I stay away from the elf roles; I stay away from playing a leprechaun. All the roles I try to do are something that an average actor would do.
I love London. I would move here. I like British people; everybody is so down to earth.
