American,Actor
It's insecurity that is always chasing you and standing in the way of your dreams.
It wasn't until I went to college and I got my first motorcycle that I understood the thrill of speed.
I have dangerous bones in my body.
My mom used to say that I became a fighter and a scrapper and a tough guy to protect who I am at my core.
You know when something feels so good but you're afraid to feel good about it? So you kinda hold back? Everyone says, Congratulations, you must be so happy. And you say something stupid like, I'm just doing what little I can with what little I have.
With age, you get to a place where you don't want to knock people out. You just want to give people a hug.
If it's an amazing role, I'll do anything.
The video game culture was an important thing to keep alive in the film because we're in a new era right now. The idea that kids can play video games like Grand Theft Auto or any video game is amazing. The video games are one step before a whole other virtual universe.
You live these three months in this reality, in this dark reality. You don't want to do those films every year because they're taxing. I started smoking a lot of cigarettes.
I always have issues with trust. I'm a New Yorker... Really, I think trust is something that comes from the gut. And I think you have to - it's probably the worst advice to give people - but I think you gotta trust people from your gut.
I am flattered that they think that many people would enjoy my work. I don't approach any genre a different way than I may approach another one. I treat every role I do like a role worthy of applying whatever kind of tactic, process and talent I have.
If you're the type of person who has to fulfill your dreams, you've gotta be resourceful to make sure you can do it. I came out to California when I was 21, thinking my New York credentials would take me all the way. I came back home a year later all dejected and a failure.
I'm the most ambitious person you ever met.
It's really bizarre because no one knows this, but elephants have killed more animal trainers than any other animal.
Well, love motivates me in everything I do.
We all deal with being unfairly judged.
You break her heart, I'll break your neck.
My gut feeling about sequels is that they should be premeditated: You should try to write a trilogy first or at least sketch out a trilogy if you have any faith in your film.
The only way anyone knows which girl I'm with is if a one-night stand goes on 'Howard Stern.'
My mom insisted on multigrain bread and never allowed soda in the house.
I always have issues with trust.
Career diversification ain't a bad thing.
I am truly multi-racial. I never knew my biological father. I've always had less information than I would have liked to have had. All I know from my mother is that I have connections to many different cultures.
A day with my kids is the best day.
I'm not really afraid of the dark, except if I'm walking. The thing that scares me the most is the possibility of walking into a wall and busting my lip.
I grew up with all kinds of people.
The idea of exploring character relations and their development over a decade has to be appealing for any actor who cherishes his craft.
I love what I do.
You get a timeless cool card in New York.
Deal-making goes on with any job.
I love thinking about the film, the project and committing myself as much as possible.
When your co-stars are 9-month-old babies, you fall in love. You start thinking, When am I going to have my own?
I used to feel guilty about owning a console.
You make movies for the people. If critics happen to like them too, well, that's a home run.
When I got on the set of 'Saving Private Ryan,' I discovered, to my amazement, that Steven Spielberg is a gamer.
I do practice martial arts, more as a recreational thing, but a lot of my friends have been heavyweight champions the in mixed martial arts world.
I've been auditioning since I was 7 years old.
I was a bouncer for ten years in New York City.
I talk too much.
I think a few pictures at a time.
I've directed independent film.
Most of my confidence came from being with ladies, because I certainly wasn't getting any acting jobs.
Women are sacred.
If you think about my filmography, I have never done a movie that a kid could go see, except for 'Iron Giant,' and I'm not even on the screen.
When you go to the movies with your whole family, it's a different experience. For some reason, it's something that you're all doing together and you take away something special in that.
The films that I do are deep, introspective, brooding roles that you're in this heavy headspace all the time.
It's like you have a child and you think, 'Everything that I've done up until this point is insignificant in comparison to being a father.' It's a beautiful, beautiful thing.
I was the oldest of the children in my family. I had to do a lot of diaper-changing and lunch-making. I was taking my little sister to ballet, picking up my brother, sort of being a super-nanny.
I grew up in an artists' community in New York, in a building that was government-subsidised for artists. No one made any money, but they made art for the sake of art.
My mother is the most supportive mother in the world, she's magical.
I could care less about being an action actor like Stallone or Schwarzenegger.
I've worked out for years. For a long time, it was my only sense of gratification.
The man who raised me is black. Culturally, he made me who I am. He was a theatre director, so he also guided me artistically.
None of the actor methods ever discussed what it would be like to play a character on film for over a decade, and what it must be like to return to a character and imagine the time off-screen, which is interesting. There's something as an actor that I enjoy about evolving characters.
The thing I'm scared of most is not fulfilling my work. There's so much anxiety around trying to get a movie made that you don't really get to be afraid of anything else.
The reality is that I always envisioned the 'Riddick' franchise as a continuing mythology, so I always imagined that there would be many other films to follow.
I try to create an environment where, when we step onto the set, we're all in character.
Every actor has their own process. For me, I really need to stay in the pocket. So, if I'm on set and I'm in character, I'm not thinking like a producer. If I'm on set and I'm not in character, wardrobe and make-up, and I'm just coming on set for the moments that I'm not shooting, then I'm able to be the producer.
If Clark Gable had a Facebook page, there would have been a 'Gone with the Wind 2.'
I don't think a lot of actors talk about it, but there's usually a process where you essentially purge yourself of the character that you played prior to the movie. That's the first thing. You want to do it.
I grew up the son of an acting teacher, so I was kind of introduced to all of these various methods early... I've never been really good at articulating how, what that process is in the way that Stanislavsky could.
Filmmaking is such a collaborative piece of art that you can't look to one person - you couldn't look to me, you couldn't say, 'Because Vin's in it, it's this or that...' It's really all of us coming together for that period of time to try and make magic.
The second I walk onto the set and I know that there's a camera and I know that there's a David Twohy behind that camera, there is zero pressure. There is just me jumping into a pool called 'Riddick.' It's the most free I am. It's like channeling something.
I approach 'Fast & Furious 6' the same way I would approach a Sidney Lumet film. Getting into character's getting into character.
For the 'Riddick' character, I try to get as ruthless as possible, and I want to be a machine.
