American,Actor
I don't see myself as extremely handsome. I just figure I can charm you into liking me.
Nobody wants to get locked up, although 'locked up' is a matter of perspective. There can be people who are out who are in prison mentally and emotionally and worse off than those who are behind bars.
I think of myself as a young prince from a long line of royalty.
My sign is Leo. A Leo has to walk with pride. When he takes a step, he has to put his foot down. You walk into a room and you want people to know your presence, without you doing anything.
I have a whole other side that has yet to be seen on screen.
I had faith in the concept and the theory that all Americans are endowed with the right to a fair trial and I would be fairly judged and fairly tried.
There are so few guys who do action and do it well. Even fewer who are African-American. Even fewer who have classical-theater training. So a cat like me coming in, I'm bringing all of that to an action movie.
I never really planned on making action films. It just kind of happened.
I was never charged with tax evasion. I've never been a tax protester.
No one can train you to be famous. How do you deal with the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy? You have to be disciplined.
I think I have kind of a natural magnetism.
I like to read about different religions - Judaism, Islam, Christianity, Hinduism and Buddhism.
Lot of the scripts I've been in with other non-white actors haven't been great. Lot of non-white actors ain't all that great.
Certain roles are more challenging than others, but I haven't come across one yet that I can't tackle.
I used to do puppet theatre and also mime and musical theatre in Florida for competitions and festivals, which was great. I was very much involved in theatre when I was in college.
So don't send me up the river yet.
I didn't defraud the government by taking money that was not mine.
I come out of repertory theatre so I've been working under pressure my whole career.
My mother was pretty much on my case all the time.
There is a bit of arrogance with 'Hollywood' types that doesn't sit well with game developers.
Personally I find there is just as much if not more creativity among game makers as there is among feature filmmakers.
I've been trying to keep the private life private. Not being savvy or trained on how to do good interviews like a politician, I thought it was wiser to follow my mother's advice: If you have nothing good to say, don't say anything at all.
We're conditioned in this country to believe that if there's a problem, the black man is usually the culprit.
Internationally, I have as large of a fan base - if not larger - than I have domestically.
I've reduced a lot of the stress in my life. I've gotten rid of a lot of things. The light was turned on and a lot of the cockroaches started spinning. I swept them out the door. And sometimes you just have to throw things out because they carry a certain energy.
I think any man would be nervous if his liberty is at stake.
