American,Actor
Great theatre is about challenging how we think and encouraging us to fantasize about a world we aspire to.
With theatre, you have to be ready for anything.
The mask can be a limitation, but you just deal with it. You do get superhuman strength and pumpkin bombs and all this other stuff to express yourself with.'
I love Sam Neill. The thing that I always say about him, and I think it's true, is he's so dry. When he's serious, I think he's joking; when he's joking, I think he's serious.
You have to lose yourself to find yourself.
Let's hope I never end up on a deserted island, because I could never make a decision on which three CDs to take with me.
I think on some level, you do your best things when you're a little off-balance, a little scared. You've got to work from mystery, from wonder, from not knowing.
Truth is, generally I like film festivals; somewhere at some level there's an exchange of ideas.
I set myself challenges every time I work. Ideally, I approach everything as though it's the first time - with a beginner's mind and an amateur's love.
The worst thing is to get involved with people who aren't passionate about what they're doing.
That's a frustration sometimes, that certain directors that I'd like to work with, they just aren't doing stories that I'm sort of castable in. Not always, but sometimes I have that frustration.
Weirdness is not my game. I'm just a square boy from Wisconsin.
I'm one of those people who when I go over a bridge, I want to jump. It's just this intense tickle in the back of my throat. It's like I'm on the verge the whole time I'm walking over that bridge, and I'm not going to get a release until I jump.
Film is fragmented and gets into lots of other people's hands. There are a lot of pleasures that theatre gives me. You get to perform uninterrupted.
I'll never be able to really see a film that I'm in.
One of the pleasures of being an actor is quite simply taking a walk in someone else's shoes. And when I look at the roles I've played, I'm kind of amazed at all the wonderful adventures I've had and the different things I've learned.
I wish to Christ I could make up a really great lie. Sometimes, after an interview, I say to myself, 'Man, you were so honest - can't you have some fun? Can't you do some really down and dirty lying?' But the puritan in me thinks that if I tell a lie, I'll be punished.
I don't think people want to see me as a regular guy; besides, I'm a regular guy in real life. I guess I just want to be reckless in my work.
Any actor who tells you that he makes choices, absolutely, is wrong. You find work and work finds you.
All the time, as an actor, you want to be asking what's next and where things are going. If you're not asking those questions, you're not growing.
There's a real wisdom to not saying a thing.
Turn off the sound in a movie, and if you can tell what's going on, the movie should work.
Celebrity is okay as long as you know it's not about you.
I'm no different to anyone else; I want people to like me. I just don't particularly want them to understand me.
I try to do as many of my own stunts as possible. If you keep on taking yourself out of the role you play, you lose the thread of the character.
The Midwest isn't somewhere you mix with those from the performing arts. But my mum and dad would go off to Chicago every so often to see shows. They would bring back the albums and the movies, those little eight metres, and we would all watch. I think that was when I fell in love with acting.
I've never had any close male friends. The most important relationships in my life have always been with women.
It makes me laugh when I hear a guy talking about being in touch with his feminine side. But I gravitate towards women; I identify with them. And I do cry very easily, more and more as I get older.
Sometimes I think women are lucky because they can develop in ways men can't. The old-boy network may be oppressive to women, but it actually stunts men in terms of personal growth.
Emotionally men and women are different, but only as a result of the physical differences. It all comes back to our bodies.
Basically, when I hear the words 'family drama,' I run in the opposite direction.
When you work on anything, you want to find the range of impulses - which ones get portrayed is another question, but you want to have that complexity and that fullness, even if you're playing a cartoon character.
Action breeds inspiration more than inspiration breeds action.
The director's very important to me, particularly when the director has a recognizable style.
I love doing action and stuff; the problem is usually action movies are not that interesting. Also as I get older I feel like there's less opportunities for me.
Corruption is something you face all the time. Avoid it.
I have no doubt that if I met Bob Dylan, it would be disappointing - and annoying to him. But that's why I like Bob Dylan.
I do know that I like to play characters that are sometimes a little on the outside - that's because it feels kind of romantic and sexier to me. I really think they are the people that we learn lessons from.
In order to inhabit a character, you've got to embrace and empathise with them.
I knew very little about 'Spider-Man'. I grew up more in the 'Superman' generation. 'Spider-Man' - I didn't know so much. But it is a really successful franchise, and I'm happy to be involved with it.
I think back story can help guide your choices, but when you're playing a scene, you're not making choices; you're just intuitive.
