Canadian,Actor
I am happy because I'm grateful. I choose to be grateful. That gratitude allows me to be happy.
Everything's not black and white. We choose to make bad decisions or not.
You meet lots of people in your life, and sometimes you think that people are a certain way, and then they reveal themselves to be a different way.
You don't wake up one morning and say, 'Today is going to be a comedy day.' And the next day, 'Today's going to be a drama day.' Things happen in life that are fun and light, and things happen that are heavier. You just have to move your way through life, and I think 'BoJack' is a good reflection of that.
Venice is a place that is high on reinvention. The kind of place that you can go and be whoever it is you want to be and do whatever it is you want to do, and nobody's really going to ask you a lot of questions about it.
You don't want to try to recreate something you've already done.
Because 'Gob' was a terrible magician, he was always, in great comedic moments, messing up his magic act. We used to have magicians come in to work on these tricks to actually get them wrong. But they still had to work. We had to bring magicians on to make magic not work.
Vernon Fenwick. He's a cameraman at Channel 6 - he's April O'Neil's cameraman - and Vernon is a character who is from the 'Turtle' mythology.
We live in an age where people will watch epic entertainment on their phones.
My definition of family is just unconditional love. The people who rely on you and who love you, they are there, too.
I'm a huge Toronto Maple Leafs fan, and the only other teams whose games I go to are the Rangers and the Kings.
Yeah, you know, within the context of TV families, these are pretty unsavory characters.
When it sort of finally sets in that you're not going to be doing that anymore... it's disappointing.
Well, we were never coming back to Fox... that was clear.
Well, no, I didn't because I didn't even know the nominations were coming out. I gotta say, it wasn't even on my radar. I hadn't... I hadn't even thought about it.
There's a lot of lying and these are people who are incredibly flawed, and not in very sort of empathetic ways, either. Some of the things they do are pretty awful and some of the things they do to each other are pretty awful.
The show had run its course on the Fox network.
No, Arrested Development was such an amazing experience in every way, and you know it was very unique in that it was a show that received a lot of critical acclaim, and yet we didn't ever achieve the ratings that we wanted.
Look, I get it; you come home, you work hard, and you turn on your TV... You kind of want to escape a little bit and be taken away by something. Our show required you to pay attention, and if that's not what you wanted to do, then it wasn't going to be for you, and that's OK.
It doesn't look great if you cancel the reigning Best Comedy Program, you know, you're gonna take a hit from a... from sort of a public relations standpoint.
I mean, I gotta say one of the greatest victories on that show was when we got picked up for the back nine of the first season, and they made it a full order.
But since day one, we've always been kinda up against it. So at the end, it's not surprising that we were kind of led along for so many months and didn't know what the fate of the show was gonna be. It was... in a weird way, just kind of that was the way it's always been.
But as a result of that, there was, once the show ended, there was this talk for sort of four, five months about what was going to happen, and if we were going to move to Showtime, and if we were going to be bought by ABC or whatever.
Because I think a lot of people felt like, ultimately - and this isn't the first time I've said this, so I'll bore you again with it - but ultimately it was... I think it felt like homework a bit for people.
Arrested Development opened a lot of doors for me.
And we... right from moment one, we were always kinda up against the wall a little bit when it came to the future of the show. There were always rumors.
When David Cross and I made 'Todd Margaret,' we spent time there. We were shocked and happy with the reaction that we got with fans over there. It was pretty awesome.
I'm a dad first and foremost, then it goes hockey and then work, in that order.
I say to my kids all the time - and this is absolutely true - I always say, 'Who's the boss?' and they go, 'You are.'
I pretty much choose anything I do in life based on whether or not I can work in my PJs. Certainly one of the perks of doing an animated film is that you don't have to go and get ready and wear wardrobe, and you just show up in whatever you're wearing.
The voice for 'Surly' is, of course, very close to my own voice, but it's informed a lot by this story, by the arc and the animation and working with the whole creative team on 'The Nut Job' in finding what really works.
