American,Actor
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.
'Aladdin' was probably my favorite Disney animation when I was a kid. The animation was great and Robin Williams was unbelievable as the Genie. 'Aladdin' was an amazing adventure and the lead character was a hero for guys, which I loved. It wasn't a princess or a girl beating the odds; it was a street rat. That seemed really cool to me.
Oh I've done bungee jumping. Skydiving, I have motorcycles that I ride. I'm a little bit of an adrenaline junkie in that way.
On a personal level, I love the idea of hosting an awards show. I think that sounds like kind of a fun thing to do.
I could probably give you a list of a dozen pet peeves I have about my own physicality and why I couldn't get a second date.
There has been a kind of stereotypical 'gamer dude' that has been representative for the gamer community in the years past. But I want to spearhead or be a part of changing that.
If I have my way, I want to go start making really interactive television. Stuff where you can sit and watch real actors do a real series and they can get into some kind of gun battle and all of a sudden your television prompts you to pick up your controller and all of a sudden, you're playing a first-person shooter.
If somebody says 'singer-songwriter' to me, the first person I think of is James Taylor. There are plenty of modern singer-songwriters, but there is something about James Taylor that has always resonated with me.
I think that 'Family Guy' is hysterical. It's edgy and hip - and they can do whatever they want to do because it's animated and they're not limited by budget.
My high school experience was pretty good, but my middle school experience was god awful. It was horrible. I got picked on like no tomorrow.
My whole background, my whole life was just lots and lots of theater, a lot of that being musical theater.
I'm totally a geek.
I believe in conscientious capitalism; that's a kind of driving force with me.
I don't believe in strong-arming people.
I believe in incentivizing people. If you can incentivize people in anything, whether it's in politics; in life; in spirituality; in business; just take care of folks. Incentivize them and all of a sudden it's amazing the difference that you'll see.
Entertainment has this way of resetting itself.
I believe that as an entertainer, you're only as good as your audience and the people who support you.
I get a lot that people have a hard time believing that I'm a nerd... but I grew up with a Nintendo controller in my hand.
I want to go create my own independent content and entertainment, in new models and in new ways, and essentially show studios and networks that people are good.
Fans will treat something preciously if they're given the opportunity to do so.
Films are really cool because, every couple months, or however many times you can get a job because there's a lot of luck involved in that, you're playing a different character.
I started in theater, and I love to go back to theater, just to have the experience and recharge my batteries, creatively.
I'm a huge Disney nut. I have been since I was a little kid.
You know, Hollywood is a very interesting town - always has been, always will be.
There are a lot of people who consider themselves 'spiritual,' but that can mean a lot of things to a lot of people. I don't really talk about it that often, because there's too much talk in the world. Especially with Christians, there's more proselytizing than there is actual living proof of it. That's kind of sad.
People don't talk about religion a lot in Hollywood because it's not an incredibly safe place to do it.
