American,Scientist
We can not control the aging reversal to a specific year today, that will come in the future. It is hypothesized that you will not reverse in physical appearance to less than a young adult. We see this in mice as well.
Aging is one of the most visual diseases on the planet and includes things that we all know like wrinkles and grey hair, but also brain atrophy, muscle wasting and organ damage.
I am happy to be patient zero. It is for the world, for the sick children and sick old people. My life has been good. I understand the risks but I research how people die and I am happy to say that today I do not know how I will die now. Tomorrow or in the long future I was up for a change.
We have a battery of tests planned at regular intervals including DNA methylation analysis, gene expression profile changes, telomere length (both TAT and QTRAP measured) and various other metrics that will highlight positive changes to aging biomarkers.
Work by Maria Blasco, Calvin Harley, Michael Fossel, Woodring Wright and Shay and Ronald Depinho in particular are of interest but there are literally thousands of articles relating to telomerase, telomeres and the biology behind it.
We will 'de-age' progressively, as cures are developed.
I think gene therapy and nanotechnology go hand in hand.
We do not collaborate with SENS at this time but we support their mission.
I hope that the image of gene therapy is changing. It seems to be.
As lifespan increases fertility rates go down all over the world. Humans will create better technology and space travel will increase. These are all good signs for the future.
BioViva is trying to help improve human health and wellbeing, and alleviate suffering. We are not trying to determine who should live or die. Everyone has a right to life without suffering.
I am patient zero.
I have aging as a disease.
Crisper is great. The future of gene therapy looks bright.
Yes, we are looking into gene therapies for immune cells to target senescent cells.
Hundreds of people are undergoing gene therapy today. There are no known neurological issues.
But do remember that the most important risk factor for cancer is growing older. Most cancers occur in people over the age of 65.
Patient zero feels great and is back to work.
Exercise and eat healthy foods in moderation. I am a vegetarian but that is a personal choice.
You have little to no response to AAV the first time your body sees it. If you used the same vector twice you would want to bump up immunosuppression. I believe there will be many new ways to deliver genes in the future as well.
Epigenetics is very important. We are keeping a close eye on iPS cells and other genetic methods of reprogramming the epigenome.
I agree Maria Blasco has achieved amazing things with telomerase induction and we are hopeful this will translate to the human model.
We are looking at gene therapies to Reverse Atherosclerosis, Regenerate muscles and tissue, Improve cell signaling, Clear misfolded Proteins, Rejuvenate the immune System, Clear Senescent Cells, and Treat Monogenic Diseases.
I was awake for the therapy, it was documented by a film crew. I am proud to have taken part of helping millions of people even if it has bad results.
We are a company for the people, please get involved. Be part of the conversation.
The biotech game is quickly changing. The people must demand their use of these treatments.
