Spanish,Scientist
Only he shakes the heavens and from its treasures takes our the winds. He joins the waters and the clouds and produces the rain. He does all those things. Only he realizes miracles permanently.
God gave us the mind so that we can know him.
Nothing can be found in the intellect if previously has not been found in the senses.
Man becomes weak or ill by accident as a consequence of the lack of resources. Even the most severally ill patients must be treated with the aim of restoring their health.
There is therefore a tremendous mystery in the fact that God may be united with man and the man with God.
To kill a man is not to defend a doctrine, but to kill a man.
I will burn, but this is a mere event. We shall continue our discussion in eternity.
It is an invention of the devil, an infernal falsity for the destruction of all Christianity.
Jesus, Son of the Eternal God, have mercy on me.
And because his Spirit was wholly God, he is called God, and he is called man on account of his flesh.
Do not be surprised if I adore as God what you called humanity, since you talked of humanity as if it was empty of spirit and you think in the flesh according to the flesh.
I do not separate Christ from God more than a voice from the speaker or a beam from the sun. Christ is the voice of the speaker. He and the Father are the same thing, as the beam and the light, are the same light.
In the inhalation and exhalation there is an energy and a lively divine spirit, since He, through his spirit supports the breath of life, giving courage to the people who are in the earth and spirit to those who walk on it.
Lutherans, whose arguments and mistakes will not be difficult to contest or discover, do not want to attribute any value to works, and they do not understand enough the scope of the justification.
May God in his mercy enable us without obstinacy to perceive our errors.
May the Lord destroy all the tyrants of the church. Amen.
Neither with those nor with the others, with all I agree and dissent; in all part of truth and part of error must be seen.
No one with a body full of aliments can have a luminous soul and other intellectual faculties. It is necessary to care for the body if we wish the spirit to function normally.
The French are endowed with bigger limbs; those of the Spaniards are stronger; they have a very slim waist. The French fight with more ferocity than advise. The Spaniards the opposite.
