American,Director
I don't think so much about verbal comedy. I always think about visual comedy. I was raised watching silents, and I'm always thinking about how to make cinema, not good talking - although I want good talking. I'm much more interested in framing, composition, and orchestration of bodies in space, and so forth.
If you were falling in love and you could go back in time and relive a day and see the banal things you did that you'd forgotten about, you'd weep, looking at that day.
You just never know when you're living in a golden age.
Jesuits encourage an intellectual rigor in a way that I like.
A pitfall of making a comedy with a studio-and it's also an American cultural thing-is that I get tired of being encouraged to go always for laughs.
But it's just that the whole country is making generally lousy films these days and has been for quite a while. That's the big problem that we all have to think about.
Hollywood films have become a cesspool of formula and it's up to us to try to change it... I feel like a preacher! But it's really true. I feel personally responsible for the future of American cinema. Me personally.
I mean, look, I love movies, not just the ones I make... In fact, I don't like the movies I make very much.
I think a badly crafted, great idea for a new film with a ton of spelling mistakes is just 100 times better than a well-crafted stale script.
I think that Peter Jennings is the only decent one of the big three.
That's how I like to do it with actors, have them really go for it and I'll tell them when it's too much. It's always easier to bring it back then to push it further.
When you watch a movie, you don't want to feel like a machine made it. You want to feel a soul.
There is an audience out there for literate films - slower, more observant, more human films, and they deserve to be made.
The best cinema is about ethics.
In the moment of making films, I want to share my observations of life, not of other films.
The most heinous shift in American films is that they reinforce good things like 'couples' and 'relationships.'
Marketing has supplanted story as the primary force behind the worthiness of making a film, and that's a very sad thing. It's film only as a function of consumerism rather than as an important component of our culture, and that's everywhere around the world.
What is filmmaking but groping in the dark?
You begin a film more with questions than with direct intentions. It's more of an exploration and discovery.
As the years go by and I make more films, I am increasingly interested in capturing place as a vivid backdrop for my films.
I definitely in filmmaking more and more find writing and directing a means to harvest material for editing. It's all about editing.
I think if you watch most of my films with the sound off, you could still tell what's going on.
There's a bizarre insistence on how a story should be. 'The protagonist must be sympathetic!' they say. Whatever that means. I never engage in that discussion. I never use that word, 'sympathetic.' I just know 'interesting.'
Omaha, like Rome, is built on seven hills.
If you're trying to recreate life, the life that you best know is the one you grew up with.
In a sense, 'Schmidt' is the most Omaha of my films. But have I gotten it right? I'm not sure. Did Fellini get Rome right? Did Ozu get Tokyo right?
Anytime you cast a movie and you need someone famous in the lead part, you're a prisoner of whoever happens to be famous in the six-month window in which you're trying to get a film financed.
I'm so not interested in producing, other than doing my own work, producing my own films. I only do it as favors, for other people to get their films made.
The actors are the greatest executors of tone in a film. They're the most important cinematic component.
The best actors are always the ones who've directed as well, as they understand all the problems you face.
It seems that our politicians see the world in black and white, so why not our artists? Did Woody Allen's 'Manhattan' have to be in black and white? No. But is it fantastic that it was? To see New York like that? Yes!
I like voice-over in films, and most of my films have been voice-over films.
I don't want all of American cinema to be big cartoons that are just made to be digested by the entire world.
I don't feel despair because I am able to make the films I want to make, and that gives me hope.
