American,Director
With electronics, they just get smaller and smaller.
Body image - what we're supposed to look like - is made so unattainable that all girls are put in this position of feeling inferior. That's a horrible thing.
I always get hats but never have the nerve to wear them. Hats are a thing that are really stylish, but you have to have the confidence to pull it off.
Bitterness is so ugly.
I know I mispronounce things constantly, because maybe I read more than I talk, but I don't know the proper way to say a lot of things, even though I know what they are. But then I know I look like a moron.
I get offered: 'Here's a girl who's mad at another girl for having a wedding on the same day.' That'll be a big hit, but I don't want to do that.
I've always hated the way Hollywood has portrayed accountants. They're always little nerd balls, wimpy, afraid of everything. Growing up with accountants, I don't see them that way.
It definitely sharpened my interest in language, the way people used language, slang words, speech patterns. There's a big advantage to being the outsider.
There's a whole vampire community online - those are some crazy people.
I still find it interesting that there could be a point between a young guy and a girl when they decide to hold hands as they walk down the block. At some point, they decide to make the leap from pushing and insulting each other to doing something tender and possessive and showing the world that.
I spent my entire youth in front of a TV watching old movies, and as soon as I was able to get a subway pass, when I was 14, I joined the Museum of Modern Art and was there all weekend watching old movies.
Babies don't need fathers, but mothers do. Someone who is taking care of a baby needs to be taken care of.
Hollywood is the dream factory, and no one dreams about older women.
If you look at all the pictures of women in magazines, everybody's got a forehead that looks like a billboard. Completely blank.
A lot of my movies were completely destroyed by the censors, who can be pretty arbitrary. They're not completely fair with how they treat one person vs. another.
You could go out with a camcorder tomorrow and make a movie with virtually no money, but promoting a tiny low-budget movie costs $20 million. And the money they spend on the big movies is astronomical.
Bitterness is so ugly. I don't want to go there.
I don't know what goes on behind my back... I always feel like, if you don't have anything good to say, then don't say anything.
There are a lot of people in Beverly Hills who come from the Middle East, who are very much a part of the Beverly Hills fabric, and their kids grew up with the privileges of Beverly Hills. And yet they still have to deal with a lot of the prejudice against them for being foreign-born.
I sometimes think it's better to go with a bad movie that is true to a certain point of view than to take something and make people try to like it when they're not supposed to.
I just wanted to do something about the teenage experience; it's such a wonderful and horrible time of life.
Teens are the target demographic for everything in pop culture.
In junior high, I really wanted to be popular. Suddenly there were parties with boys, and I wanted to be part of that. There was a group of girls, and I wanted to be friends with them.
I was in a special class, where you skip a grade - you go from seventh to ninth. But I got kicked out. You had to maintain an 85 average, and I didn't. I was too focused on trying to be popular.
Blood probably tastes like salty water, right?
I'm obsessed with history, especially WWII and the Jews in Europe during the Holocaust.
I wanted to do something about a really optimistic character: a character who was so optimistic, no one could burst her bubble.
I wanted to do something in the style of a comedy of manners.
I don't think people know 'Nosfuratu.'
I really live in my own kind of universe.
I'm real excited by a phone where I can look at my kid and talk to her face.
Everybody who worked in film misses holding pieces of film, holding it up to the light, and seeing exactly where something was image-wise.
I'm just not happy with Hollywood.
Sometimes people say, 'Oh you did one of my favorite movies,' and I will ask them what the other one is, and it's always something that I totally hate.
For my money, the movies of the '70s were just amazing.
I can't stomach most of the movies about women.
I'd rather see what young people are going through than see things explode.
A teenager has to decide what they're going to do with their life, and that's one of the most important decisions that you'll make.
I've always tried to figure out what people think of themselves and what they think they're projecting.
When I was 20, I had these furrowed lines between my brows because I was always angry. And I was 20. I don't think that was a mark of age; it was just my personality.
NYU was my comfort zone.
