Indian,Director
I don't know if I'd ever want to show my college life in the films I make. I think I've passed that stage long ago.
I am still where I started. I am still struggling. In fact, the struggle has only got bigger. I always try to go beyond my means, and this where the struggle comes in.
One must go for a film with an open mind; a film best impacts you when your mind is a blank page to the film.
I guess short films have a bright future... The advantage is budget.
I think about my films for a long time, maybe years, but I write them in days.
I am a straight talker. I am not politically correct or diplomatic.
To get noticed, I had to take my films in a space which was much more democratic in terms of cinema - the international film festivals.
In India, there is a psychological problem that movies going to film festivals are boring. It is a problem with exhibitors.
Fans are your greatest enemies because they tend to bracket you. And the moment someone expects I should do something, I break out. I often tell fans who say, 'Make a 'Gulal 2' or 'Gangs 3,' that I am living my dream, not theirs.
I love travelling, and most scripts have been written while I have been travelling.
I was 16 when I got admission in Hans Raj College. I completed school when I was 16, so everyone in my class - Zoology Honours batch 92 - was 18, and I was often treated like a kid.
I'm very emotional and possessive about all my films.
Cinema is much more than heroes and villains.
The censor boards are mere redundant forces conspiring to keep the 'bold' films out of reach of the audience.
India needs better producers than screenwriters. No producer wants to invest in out-of-the way scripts.
Every film has an origin. It is made under certain circumstances, and that is a very important point that should be kept in mind during a review.
There shouldn't be any censorship on making a film.
My cards and flowers always got rejected on Valentines Day.
Entertainment's definition has been reduced to making people happy.
Independent graphic novelists have already achieved good work in terms of design, but all these great minds are writing in English. There is a need for people to write in Hindi.
Indian films have this obsession with hygienic clean spaces, even though the country's not so clean. They're either shot in the studios or shot in London, in America, in Switzerland - clean places. Everywhere except India.
All those pseudo-Hollywood movies set nowhere, with everybody good looking and having great physique - that's not working any more.
I'm a huge Coppola fan. But more of 'Apocalypse Now' and 'The Conversation.' 'The Godfather' for me is, like, number three or four on the list.
People always accuse me of making these dark, depressing movies. 'Why do you have to pick up on real issues? People are so exhausted and miserable.'
'Aiyyaa' is a very quirky film.
Politicians take something out of context to create problems.
When you are very idealistic, but caught in a world which is all about business, it creates anguish.
Films are like oxygen for me.
I want my films to be seen everywhere.
It is very good to bridge the gaps between Indian and international cinema.
The West sometimes doesn't understand Bollywood, but they can definitely understand how Bollywood influences people.
'The Dark Knight' is a really good movie that reached both critics and mainstream audiences.
It was only in the early 1990s - during my student years as an aspiring scientist at Delhi University - that I discovered the world of cinema.
