British,Director
One of the things you do as a writer and as a filmmaker is grasp for resonant symbols and imagery without necessarily fully understanding it yourself.
I never considered myself a lucky person. I'm the most extraordinary pessimist. I truly am.
I have been interested in dreams, really since I was a kid. I have always been fascinated by the idea that your mind, when you are asleep, can create a world in a dream and you are perceiving it as though it really existed.
I just love photographing things and putting them together to tell a story.
The term 'genre' eventually becomes pejorative because you're referring to something that's so codified and ritualised that it ceases to have the power and meaning it had when it first started.
I think there are advantages to different scales of filmmaking. You wouldn't want to do just one thing.
We all wake up in the morning wanting to live our lives the way we know we should. But we usually don't, in small ways. That's what makes a character like Batman so fascinating. He plays out our conflicts on a much larger scale.
By the time I was 10 or 11, I knew I wanted to make films.
The only job that was ever of interest to me other than filmmaking is architecture.
But 'Memento' was so successful, such a huge cult hit, almost on the scale of a large film. If that had happened, with all the acclaim, before the next job, I'd have found it very difficult to figure out what to do next.
I try not to have actors in mind when I write because the tendency then is to be influenced by either their last performance or your favourite of their performances.
The problem with big films is they snowball very rapidly and you can never pull back. It's a pipeline that needs to be fed.
Revenge is a particularly interesting concept, especially the notion of whether or not it exists outside of just an abstract idea.
I've been interested in dreams since I as a kid and I've wanted to do a film about them for a long time.
I have always been a huge fan of Ridley Scott and certainly when I was a kid. 'Alien', 'Blade Runner' just blew me away because they created these extraordinary worlds that were just completely immersive. I was also an enormous Stanley Kubrick fan for similar reasons.
Superheroes fill a gap in the pop culture psyche, similar to the role of Greek mythology. There isn't really anything else that does the job in modern terms. For me, Batman is the one that can most clearly be taken seriously.
No, I've only ever done one film at a time.
For me, Batman is the one that can most clearly be taken seriously. He's not from another planet, or filled with radioactive gunk. I mean, Superman is essentially a god, but Batman is more like Hercules: he's a human being, very flawed, and bridges the divide.
I've always been a movie guy, movies have been my thing. I love movies, all kinds of movies.
I think there's a vague sense out there that movies are becoming more and more unreal. I know I've felt it.
Batman and Superman are very different characters but they're both iconic and elemental. Finding the right story for them both is the key.
I don't particularly enjoy watching films in 3D because I think that a well-shot and well-projected film has a very three-dimensional quality to it, so I'm somewhat sceptical of the technology.
But I have been interested in dreams, really since I was a kid. I have always been fascinated by the idea that your mind, when you are asleep, can create a world in a dream and you are perceiving it as though it really existed.
For the last 10 years, I've felt increasing pressure to stop shooting film and start shooting video, but I've never understood why. It's cheaper to work on film, it's far better looking, it's the technology that's been known and understood for a hundred years, and it's extremely reliable.
Well, you always discover a lot in the editing room. Particularly the action, because you have to over-shoot a lot and shoot an enormous amount of material because many of the sequences have to be discovered in the editing and manipulation of it.
The best actors instinctively feel out what the other actors need, and they just accommodate it.
