American,Director
Whatever hysteria exists is inflamed by mystery, suspicion and secrecy. Hard and exact facts will cool it.
I used to spend most of my time straining to be a nice guy so people would like me.
I truly believe that all power corrupts. Such is probably the thinking behind every political film ever made in Hollywood.
I would rather do what I did than crawl in front of a ritualistic Left and lie the way those other comrades did betray my own soul.
I joined the Communist Party late in 1934. I got out a year and a half later.
The Communists automatically violated the daily practices of democracy to which I was accustomed.
I was an outsider... but I was also sympathetic with people that were struggling to get up, because I struggled to get up.
I was always a self-conscious person.
Every fighter has one fight that makes or breaks him.
You have no idea how fragile an actor's self-worth is.
You've got to keep fighting - you've got to risk your life every six months to stay alive.
A film director has to get a shot, no matter what he does. We're desperate people.
The essence of the stage is concentration and penetration. Of the screen action, movement, sweep.
The motion pictures I have made and the plays I have chosen to direct represent my convictions.
The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal.
I'm small, but I'm neither compliant nor agreeable.
I was not a collective person or a bohemian; I was an elitist.
I was the hero of the young insurgent working class art movement.
I question the value of stars. I think they're overrated. They get too much money, too much praise.
I'm going to make a film where not one word is really important. I'm going to make it all action.
There was no doubt that there was a vast organization which was making fools of all the liberals in Hollywood and taking their money, that there was a police state among the Left element in Hollywood and Broadway.
I hate the Communists and have for many years and don't feel right about giving up my career to defend them. I will give up my film career if it is in the interests of defending something I believe in, but not this.
Anybody who informs on other people is doing something disturbing and even disgusting.
Hey, you must be doin' good, 'cause I never hear from you.
I value peace when it is not bought at the price of fundamental decencies.
I have no spy stories to tell, because I saw no spies. Nor did I understand, at that time, any opposition between American and Russian national interest.
I like directors who come on the set and create something that's a little dangerous, difficult or unusual.
The more ambivalent you are and the more uncertain you are, then you can get something that you cannot anticipate.
The first thing you should do with an actor is not sign a contract with him. Take him to dinner. And take him for a walk afterwards.
When you know what an actor has, you can reach in and arouse it. If you don't know what he has, you don't know what the hell is going on.
I said to Tennessee, this thing is becoming the Marlon Brando show.
Stylized acting and direction is to realistic acting and direction as poetry is to prose.
I think there should be collaboration, but under my thumb.
Miller didn't write Death of a Salesman. He released it. It was there inside him, waiting to be turned loose. That's the measure of its merit.
The physical life of the scene is determined by whether the set squeezes people together or whether the set has an escape place in it.
I don't remember anything anybody said in any Jack Ford picture. Nothing happens except action.
The thing about Brando was that I'd make these directions, and he'd walk away. He'd heard enough... to get the machine going.
What's called a difficult decision is a difficult decision because either way you go there are penalties.
I was both very successful and very left; the living demonstration of how you could be on the left and still be in the gossip columns and be envied for the money you made.
I've lost many of my best friends... I'm going to satisfy myself now, not the critics, not even my friends.
I want to thank the Academy for its courage and generosity.
