American,Director
Now that I'm older, I have a much better appreciation of nature, and I love being alone.
I'm so drawn to photography because you can convey a complex story in a single frame.
My family and I are so close, it's important to have a close knit relationship and to make time to spend with each other, especially at the holidays.
Most people think of Las Vegas, and they think of extravagance. But it's really a mix between fantasy and laziness.
I got my GED my senior year and ended up taking community college classes before I transferred to Bard.
I think when you do things outside of what you're interested in, you meet people and get ideas to bring in to whatever it is you love doing the most.
I have a lot of game apps I need to delete.
I wanted to be a bartender for a bit.
I'm Italian, so I need to get someone to wax my eyebrows, but I'm not so good at keeping it up.
The teenage years are such a great subject because everything is heightened and on the surface, and it deals with universal emotions that we face even as we get older.
It was kind of intimidating to make a feature without that much experience.
I love to play with the gadgets that come with film.
I love making movies. But it's a lot of investing your heart and soul. It can be exhausting.
I get to collaborate and tell stories with moving photographs.
Movies are a collaboration, I feel, so I didn't think of myself as an authoritative figure as much.
When I was a baby, my mom was always bringing me onto set.
I wanted to be a ballet dancer. I was bad - I'm not very coordinated. But I always wished I could have been a dancer.
I didn't go to film school. My Grampa always says just watch a lot of movies. He didn't go to film school; he went to theatre school. It's interesting to learn about the technical side of it, but I think it's more important to learn about writing and working with actors.
I guess I knew my dad was into photography, so a part of me was interested in picking it up to understand him a little better.
I've always been very comfortable in a set environment. All the collaborating going on, seeing how actors work - it all excites me.
After college, I drove across the country twice with friends. It was one of the most fascinating experiences of my life. I find it really inspiring seeing the country that way.
I liked to drive around, just playing music for everyone.
As a teenager, I wanted to be sophisticated and avant-garde, and I was really judgmental. But when you're a teenager, you're fearless because you don't know the repercussions to anything.
I don't really wear makeup. I don't like the feeling of it. I just put mascara on, and that's kind of it.
I love Serge Lutens orange blossom perfume; my mom got it for me. It's my favorite. It just smells clean.
When I was younger, I had pink underneath my hair, and I got detention. I went to an all-girls school where you wore a uniform, and pink hair was not OK.
I don't like being in front of the camera.
I've only ever taken a playwriting class, but I like creative writing and writing screenplays.
Usually when I get nervous and don't know how to prepare for something, I just don't do anything at all, which is not necessarily the best idea.
I'm not so vocal. I try to get loud, but my voice will just crack or something.
I remember having crushes and longings, but there were all these missed opportunities or things that seemed like such a big deal, but you really don't understand what the other person is going through.
When I went to college, my mum was really sad, so she preserved my bedroom, like a weird time capsule.
'Virgin Suicides' was such a big movie to me as a teenage girl. It blew me away.
I was really nervous working with actors, since I come from a photography background.
It's hard for me to articulate myself.
It's tricky to take a book of short stories and turn it into a feature film.
Visually, I love the setting of suburbia.
My grandpa showed me how to build stamina onset behind the scenes on 'Twixt.'
I'm so proud to be American.
I went to a private all-girls school where I didn't feel I fit in.
My name does help me get in the door, but it doesn't do the work for me.
As a first-time director, you act a lot like a teenager. I made decisions because I was hotheaded. My skin broke out. I was trying to understand who I am.
I knew I wanted to be creative but didn't know how.
I want to learn and challenge myself and grow.
I never particularly liked it in New York City.
Working with a great actor is really educational.
There is always something I gain from watching a movie, whether it's a silly romantic comedy or an art film.
I have so much appreciation for movies because I understand how hard it is to make one.
Women need to support women.
I just love seeing other females work.
I was always a big James Franco fan.
It's hard not to be impressed by my older relatives.
My family get so mad at me when they come over. All I'll have in is milk and eggs. I mainly keep film in my fridge - it's better for it; it stops it from going old. I'm bad at eating healthy; I usually just run across the street and get cheeseburgers.
My only vice is 'Keeping up With The Kardashians.' I can't really explain what it is that fascinates me so much, but it just sucks me in.
In high school, I didn't always relate to my friends. I was more of a spectator.
I think my job is hopefully to connect with people emotionally and to feel less alone or understand things in a certain way.
Anyone can create and put stuff out there, so then as viewers and listeners, we have access to a lot of different unique view points.
If I were to save one possession in a fire, it would have to be my dad's camera, an old, broken Nikon. I always keep it with me - his personal things mean a lot.
I feel like I can communicate much better using images than words.
I like the pharmacy makeup. I always get stuck in that aisle... I've always liked looking at it.
Once I found these sticker things for your nails - Sally Hansen - those were really fun to do. They're really fun to do when you're bored, and it's better than painting your nails because you don't mess up. It looks really good, very professional. I tried a zebra one that was really pretty, but I always get a little bored of it.
I've been going to the same person for haircuts since I was thirteen.
I remember people - not my family - always asking, 'Oh, so are you going to make movies when you're older?' I felt pressured, and that always kind of deterred me.
The hardest thing on 'Palo Alto' was letting go because I kept working on it, trying to make it better.
Most movies use older actors, but I thought, if I could just put kids on camera and get them to be themselves, what could be easier?
You can't host an Italian film festival without Marcello Mastroianni. It just doesn't feel right.
I'm always really impressed when a movie can function like a novel does - that's so hard to do.
In Italy, there are a lot of Coppolas - it's like being called Jones. No one really notices.
I love my family's films.
Friends would ask, 'Have you seen 'The Godfather?' and I'd be like, 'No.'
It's great because all of my friends from elementary school are still my closest friends.
In California, where you're allowed to drive at 16, you get so much freedom with that. It's a freedom to get outside of your parents' house and to do bad things.
My grandpa told me, 'Learn to love anxiety, because it never goes away in moviemaking.'
I'm a pyro. I love exploding things.
I normally wear jeans and sneakers, but given an occasion, I enjoy dressing up.
My grandpa always tells me that 45-minute lunches are key because an army marches on its stomach.
I've been very surprised by people asking me what my teenage experience was like.
