Swedish,Director
I got to work with my wife, Lena Olin, for the first time, which was great. I thought it might be difficult in some way to talk to one's wife in a different way but it was so not forced.
To see my wife getting inspired from my notes and thoughts, going in the direction I wanted, and have her surprise me with wonderful choices was a real treat.
I can't go back and label myself as an outcast because I was a pretty well-adjusted kid, but I can certainly relate to the feeling of being an outsider.
It's just, for me, the natural standard: a woman should be able to decide over her own body.
I love mixing amateurs and professionals.
I love improvising.
I love involving actors at all levels - and they have to know that I want to hear their contributions, with dialogue, with story suggestions, with script changes, whatever.
I always need a couple of highlights to really spark the passion for a project.
I think I avoid stepping into sentimentality by trying to be as truthful as possible with performances.
I really want to have actors contribute their own ideas, with phrasings and ideas on all levels.
I discovered the 7th art at home when I was kid, through Charlie Chaplin's movies and those of my father who shot documentaries. He was my biggest influence. So I took his camera and started shooting.
But now I wish I could back to Stockholm to make international films there.
I was always attracted by the European way of life, but I am deeply Swedish.
I always try to preserve my cinematographic style, even while I work in the US. I wish to always be European.
Cinema has become a global economy, totally international.
I feel the need to work with my wife, Lena Olin, again.
I'm on this diet where you're supposed to eat only fish and meat.
I imagined that it might be awkward to talk to your wife about her performance, so going into it I was a little nervous. But doing it was actually a wonderfully inspiring experience.
My key interest in choosing scripts is character-driven stories, because there are so many stories that sacrifice character for plot.
But I notice that there is a lack of darkness in my movies and I don't know where that comes from.
I made all their videos, apart from the last two, so if you ever see an Abba video on TV then it's my stuff.
ABBA: The Movie; I got a lot of grief for working on that.
Many of the comedies I had made in Sweden were slightly based on semi-autobiographical experiences, so adapting novels was a very different experience.
Kevin, as the whole cast is, just wonderful people and great people, and people who are attracted to this kind of material and accepting the idea of going to Newfoundland and knowing the kind of lack of amenities.
My films do have characters who have trouble escaping the world around them.
My father was an amateur filmmaker who shot 8mm color documentaries.
