American,Director
I have a very simple definition of a good movie: a good movie makes you forget you're watching a movie.
Family politics are worse than world politics. That's all I can say. You don't get to choose your family; you get to choose your friends. Your family is imposed upon you.
Making movies is controlled anarchy, chaos.
Nobody lives without making mistakes.
I was a child prodigy. Like Michelangelo, who could draw a perfect circle at age five. I was extremely gifted. I could paint a perfect portrait of someone at age five.
All of those years, I felt like 'Heaven's Gate' was a beautiful, fantastically colored balloon tied to a string fastened to my wrist, so the balloon could never fly.
It's very important to follow your instincts because, beyond what you know exists or what you're told exists in a given area, your intuition plays a big part in finding something special.
I've published a couple of short novels in France that I didn't want to publish in English because I loved the characters too much to subject them to American critics who were not exactly favorable toward my work.
Most people I knew had been crippled by their educations. Some were even dying spiritually.
The Indians believe all things have spirit - even the hail that comes from the sky is spirit. If you believe that, which I implicitly do, everything is alive.
Journalism is not writing.
I am not a preacher; I'm a reacher.
I'm a frustrated would-be architect who stumbled into the would-be business of making movies.
I don't believe in defeat.
There have been so many false things written about me by people who don't know me.
If you can't stop somebody from working and making movies that you hate, what's the next best thing? Destroy them personally.
Because people don't see me around a lot, I'm the source of all sorts of rumour.
There's nothing good that comes out of war. It's simply hell on earth, and people survive, and people don't.
All one has to do is look at old footage of the firebombing of Dresden during World War II and think of the people beneath those bombs. It's horrific.
I think 'American Sniper' is anti-war. It demonstrates the agony of the decision-making that goes on.
Movie-making ain't for sissies.
I wish I was making movies back in the days when John Ford made movies and you were a director under contract to a studio. John Ford had years when he made three movies in a year.
I love to scout locations.
I would never suggest that the geography or visual environment of the film is more important than what's going on with the people, but it's a major factor in getting the right tone. Certainly, it influences the actors tremendously.
I have no interest in making a 'Vietnam' film, no interest in making a direct political statement.
Would you ask Picasso to explain 'Guernica?' Would you ask Nabokov to explain 'Lolita?' Would you ask Tolstoy about 'War and Peace?' No, you wouldn't dare.
Working-class, blue-collar guys who volunteered for Vietnam were ascribed certain political beliefs. It's time that this was redressed. It had nothing to do with politics. Once these men got to Vietnam, it was a matter of survival.
When the rich kids got together, the most we ever did was cross against a red light.
When I was fifteen, I spent three weeks driving all over Brooklyn with a guy who was following his girlfriend.
I've had enough rejection for 33 years. I don't need more.
I don't make movies to make a point; I make movies to tell stories about people.
You couldn't make 'Heaven's Gate' today. Even were you to quadruple the resources to make the movie, you couldn't make it because the people don't exist.
It was just - I mean, 6,000 people giving you a standing ovation is quite an experience.
I never second-guess myself.
You can't look back.
It's silly - you go to a plastic chapel in Vegas, you get married in 10 minutes, and it takes you 10 years to get divorced.
When a guy is perceived as macho, female editors aren't going to like it - because they all want to be men.
There's no service ribbon for people who fought in Korea. We lost over 30,000 men between 1951 and 1953 - as many as we lost in 15 years in Vietnam.
Hollywood has always been crazy. It's controlled anarchy. But how can you loathe something that has given you so much?
I wouldn't have had the life I've had without movies.
Anybody who says they're bitter is sick in their soul. They've given up.
There's nothing but brutality and bravery or cowardice that comes out of war. That's pretty much it.
Movies are about people; there're not about ideas. It's like great novels. Great novels are not about ideas. There's never been a great novel about ideas.
Every great movie is about the people, even if it's a great popular success like 'Gone With the Wind.' It's really not about the Civil War. It's about Scarlett and Rhett. That's who you go to see. You're not going to root for the North or pull for the South, or, you know, it's the people you remember.
Every good war film, if you want to use that phrase - I don't think it's a good phrase, but if you want to use that phrase - every good film, a first-rate film about war, is an anti-war movie.
I've got a room full of scripts. They go to the ceiling. I can't even hardly walk into it anymore. Most are original, and there are some adaptations like 'Man's Fate.'
I feel very, very upset that, when it came time for me to get an Academy Award, that I didn't especially thank Clint Eastwood.
It's always a daily struggle to write.
Writing, by nature, is a fairly solitary occupation.
