English,Director
Remembering is painful, it's difficult, but it can be inspiring and it can give wisdom.
This new global economy, it's all based on the sea routes.
I don't storyboard like some. I mean, all directors are different. I plan meticulously - really meticulously.
The people who went on that airplane were unexceptional.
Ultimately, if you look at all my films from 'Bloody Sunday' on, they're steeped in a post-9/11 atmosphere. 'United 93' is directly about 9/11, of course, but every one of the movies deals with paranoia, mistrust, and fear.
In the end, it's acting, it's not real. But every director will tell you that you have to create conditions that create tension, because tension is what makes drama feel real.
Why are people saying it's too soon? Like the people on that flight, we need to agree about what to do about terrorism. And I think we need to have that conversation now.
To make a film is eighteen months of your life. It's seven days a week. It's twenty hours a day.
Tom Hanks has built his career playing ordinary men.
Making a film, every film, is a big gamble, large or small. The more that you do it, the more you're aware of that.
With a franchise movie, it's got to turn the wheels of the industry, and the studio has to have them. So you start with a release date. They say we're going to make a new 'Bourne' film, and it comes out summer of X. Then they start on a script, and invariably, the script is not ready in time.
In my little imperfect way, what I'm trying to do is understand the world. As a filmmaker, you realize as you get older that each film is part of a dialogue you're having with yourself. That started when I was working in documentaries. And in a way, I've never deviated from it.
Making movies is both entirely ludicrous and incredibly hard. It's a preposterous way to spend your time. You give up a lot for the privilege of doing it, and one of the things you get are relationships of immense trust that you see forged in situations of immense stress.
It's a circus life, the movies. It's a lot of travelling, a lot of antisocial hours; there's a lot of it that's about escaping from life.
Directing is all tied up with childhood loneliness. It's such an odd thing to end up doing.
I'd always suspected my face wouldn't fit in drama departments. And it never did!
I just don't get on with institutions. I need simple relationships with people who believe in me.
Studio people are bright. Empowering. They don't want to have to interfere creatively. That's their horror story, too.
I always tell young film-makers, 'Find the song that only you can sing.' It doesn't just come to you. It's trial and error and disappointment before you find, slowly but surely, the confidence to express your film-making identity.
Action is only really compelling when it reveals character - character revealed through action, and not action for its own sake.
Acting is many things, and one is an exercise of will. In any given scene, you're trying to find where the drama and conflict is and then deploy the actors to play at that point of conflict with precision, control, and complete will.
It's no good in a scene to have one actor lie down because the scene says it's the other actor's moment. Each actor has to believe that with extra will, the outcome of a scene can be different. An actor can win the scene if he exerts the most powerful will in that moment.
The most important thing as a filmmaker, the hardest journey you'll have, is to find your point of view.
My films express me, my sense of rhythm, my sense of impact, my sense of kinetic energy. I like films to move, but I like also clear storytelling and characters, and most of all, I like authentic emotion.
All directors make films in individual ways. But the classical kind of view of filmmaking is that you have a script, and it's very linear. There's a script, then you're going to shoot the script ,and then you cut that, and then that's the end of the film. And that's never really been how I've seen it.
Very few people do bad things because they're bad. They generally do bad things because they think they're the right thing to do, but they're misplaced.
