American,Director
Sometimes I feel like I'm in a dream world, because it doesn't always seem too logical how things work out.
People talk about immigration, but they won't talk about the corruption that actually exists between Mexico and the U.S.
Yeah, I was always a big fan of noir.
Low budgets force you to be more creative. Sometimes, with too much money, time and equipment, you can over-think. My way, you can use your gut instinct.
Changing the game is a mindset.
I do like strong women in my movies. I have five sisters, so I've just grown up with that model.
I don't think anyone can be more of a predator than a human being.
I wish I could freeze time or go back in time and watch my kids grow up all over again because it is just going by too fast.
You create superheroes to take care of problems that can't really be solved another way.
I always wanted to be a stay-at-home dad making art, making movies.
The challenge is what was making it exciting. You don't want to do anything that's too easy or that you know that you can pull off, otherwise it's really not worth doing.
Don't give me any money, don't give me any people, but give freedom, and I'll give you a movie that looks gigantic.
Don't be told something is impossible. There's always a way.
Creative people are notoriously the slowest to adopt new technology.
People don't live in Austin to work, they work to live there.
A movie goes from several stages, from idea to script. As you continue shooting, you will make some adjustments. You're constantly adjusting. It's like a piece of music. You're constantly trying to make it better.
Frank is such a great visual storyteller, that if you study his artwork you see that his Sin City books are already the best movies never seen on the big screen.
What I love about new technology is that it really pushes the art. It really pushes it in a way that you can't imagine until you come up with the idea. It's idea-based. You can do anything.
A lot of people who watch DVDs are people who are interested in, if not moviemaking, then creativity in general.
I have so many friends who don't know how to cook.
When you make an exploitation film, you always want to have a real issue. That's how they were always done.
Exploitation films were famous for taking an issue an exploiting it because they could move much faster than a studio could. If there was any hot topic, they would run out and make a quick movie and make a buck on it, by changing it around and using it, in some way, to give some relevance.
I was from such a large family that when I first met my wife, I told her: 'You can go work outside of the house and I'll stay home and continue making my cartoon strips. Maybe I'll make some commercials nearby, you know I'll do anything locally, but I would love to just stay at home and raise the kids like I did when I was growing up.'
I was the one in charge of the kids growing up.
Usually, I'm just pleasing myself and I have very similar tastes I think to an audience, what that core audience really likes.
If I'm excited about it, I'm pretty sure an audience is going to enjoy it. If I'm bored with an idea, you can bet they're going to be asleep. So I try to only do things that I'm fairly excited about.
I realized that everything I do is fantasy, whether it is an adult movie or a kids movie.
