American,Director
Having someone cook all your meals is the best vacation ever!
I have been lucky in my life to have met people that are special, so extraordinary talented that they somehow are on a different plane. Sometimes these amazingly talented people find a way to keep reinventing themselves to stay relevant and alive. Some fall under the crushing vibrancy of their own intensity.
Basquiat will continue to show us new things about who we are and why he was so important.
When you are talking about someone's art, it is usually so personal.
How do you make it to the top when all you have is ambition and talent? You believe in yourself and surround yourself with other idealistic and talented friends that fuel each other and push against the establishment to take you seriously.
All of my main characters have been under 30.
There's no continuity in videos... you can jump around all over the place. In features, you can't throw in a close-up of a musician stomping on a guitar - you have to film a scene.
My connection with Basquiat was really in Los Angeles, which really was a whole different world to what he was experiencing in New York.
I've been lucky enough to work in pop culture, especially with people right before they popped.
In 'Billy Madison,' I worked with Adam before anyone really knew he was Adam Sandler.
I love making films, and as long as I love the subject, I just have a crazy amount of passion and energy for the project.
I started making music videos in my twenties and made my first feature, 'Guncrazy,' at 29. I then spent the greater part of my thirties directing features.
It felt amazing to be one of a handful working female directors in Hollywood.
I discovered television is a great way to deal with the chaos of new motherhood. I would put the babies to bed and get lost in a trashy reality show.
A mom can't afford to be sick.
A school morning is usually a pretty hectic time in any household.
Getting four people awake, fed, dressed, and out the door on time is a challenge. Add to that making a school lunch, and you can tilt over the edge. Unless you are well prepared and have a simple method to follow.
I do have a priority in my house, and that is I want my kids to be healthy, and if I give them the right food, I am headed consistently toward that goal.
A diet that is high in fat, sugar and salt makes it really hard for a body to function efficiently.
Pesto is such a great standard. It's so simple to make and always tastes good.
I have this concept that I call 'Combo Meals.' The idea is that I start with the kids' meal and then add a few more ingredients, and it becomes the adult meal. This way I'm not making two entirely separate dishes. I'm just simply adding on to what I'm already making.
My kids like their eggs with catsup. I like mine with salsa.
Helping out in your kid's classroom is a great way to get involved with your child's school.
Many classrooms are overcrowded, and splitting the class into smaller groups gives the children more one on one attention.
It's hard to have people talking about you and trashing you in the media and saying they think your career is over... and you are only 25.
I am so inspired by new media.
