Swedish,Diplomat
Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was.
Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for.
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find the right road.
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
We are not permitted to choose the frame of our destiny. But what we put into it is ours.
Your position never gives you the right to command. It only imposes on you the duty of so living your life that others can receive your orders without being humiliated.
Never for the sake of peace and quiet deny your convictions.
The pursuit of peace and progress cannot end in a few years in either victory or defeat. The pursuit of peace and progress, with its trials and its errors, its successes and its setbacks, can never be relaxed and never abandoned.
Everything will be all right - you know when? When people, just people, stop thinking of the United Nations as a weird Picasso abstraction and see it as a drawing they made themselves.
Constant attention by a good nurse may be just as important as a major operation by a surgeon.
Time always seems long to the child who is waiting - for Christmas, for next summer, for becoming a grownup: long also when he surrenders his whole soul to each moment of a happy day.
The only kind of dignity which is genuine is that which is not diminished by the indifference of others.
The longest journey is the journey inwards. Of him who has chosen his destiny, Who has started upon his quest for the source of his being.
It is when we all play safe that we create a world of utmost insecurity.
'Freedom from fear' could be said to sum up the whole philosophy of human rights.
Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again.
God does not die on the day when we cease to believe in a personal deity, but we die on the day when our lives cease to be illumined by the steady radiance, renewed daily, of a wonder, the source of which is beyond all reason.
If only I may grow: firmer, simpler, quieter, warmer.
I believe that we should die with decency so that at least decency will survive.
If even dying is to be made a social function, then, grant me the favor of sneaking out on tiptoe without disturbing the party.
To forgive oneself? No, that doesn't work: we have to be forgiven. But we can only believe this is possible if we ourselves can forgive.
What makes loneliness an anguish is not that I have no one to share my burden, but this: I have only my own burden to bear.
There is a point at which everything becomes simple and there is no longer any question of choice, because all you have staked will be lost if you look back. Life's point of no return.
Life only demands from you the strength that you possess. Only one feat is possible; not to run away.
Time goes by, reputation increases, ability declines.
The more faithfully you listen to the voices within you, the better you will hear what is sounding outside.
