Russian,Writer
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.
Individual rights are not subject to a public vote; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority; the political function of rights is precisely to protect minorities from oppression by majorities (and the smallest minority on earth is the individual).
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.
I don't build in order to have clients. I have clients in order to build.
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power.
The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
Potentially, a government is the most dangerous threat to man's rights: it holds a legal monopoly on the use of physical force against legally disarmed victims.
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision.
It only stands to reason that where there's sacrifice, there's someone collecting the sacrificial offerings. Where there's service, there is someone being served. The man who speaks to you of sacrifice is speaking of slaves and masters, and intends to be the master.
Individual rights are the means of subordinating society to moral law.
We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion: the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases, while the citizens may act only by permission; which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history, the stage of rule by brute force.
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
When man learns to understand and control his own behavior as well as he is learning to understand and control the behavior of crop plants and domestic animals, he may be justified in believing that he has become civilized.
There is a level of cowardice lower than that of the conformist: the fashionable non-conformist.
The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see.
Force and mind are opposites; morality ends where a gun begins.
If any civilization is to survive, it is the morality of altruism that men have to reject.
Upper classes are a nation's past; the middle class is its future.
When I die, I hope to go to Heaven, whatever the Hell that is.
Man's unique reward, however, is that while animals survive by adjusting themselves to their background, man survives by adjusting his background to himself.
Do not ever say that the desire to 'do good' by force is a good motive. Neither power-lust nor stupidity are good motives.
Only the man who does not need it, is fit to inherit wealth, the man who would make his fortune no matter where he started.
Evil requires the sanction of the victim.
