Pakistani,Politician
Let's forget the baggages of the past and make a new beginning.
Selfless service to the people and resolution of their problems should be the top priority of local bodies representatives, as they can come up to the expectations of the people only through service, hard work, and honesty.
The sacrifices in the war against terrorism reflect complete and strong determination of Pakistan against terrorism.
The launch of free Wi-Fi service is a step forward to smart cities to bring revolutionary change in the lives of the masses and to bridge the digital divide.
Changes occur after taking practical steps, not by chanting slogans and giving speeches.
The feeling of own roof gives a sense of protection to the people.
Conscious people fully know who is serving them selflessly and who is trying to create anarchy.
Improvement of civic facilities is among our priorities, and for this purpose, education, health, infrastructure and transport sectors are being improved through revolutionary steps. Citizens will benefit from all these projects, and their living standard will be raised.
If we remain hostage to our past, then we will go nowhere.
Unfortunately, the former rulers during the era of dictatorship indulged in massive corruption in Punjab, and the hard-earned money of the poor nation was mercilessly looted.
We cannot keep on carrying burdens of the past and keep ruining our future.
Pak-China friendship is higher than Himalayas, deeper than ocean, sweeter than honey, and stronger than steel.
The growing collaboration between Punjab and Chinese companies is a source of extension in economic cooperation between Pakistan and China.
Empowering the youth is our responsibility, and the youth will be empowered with more investment on them.
The destination of progress and development will be achieved by imparting latest education to the youth.
We must act in unison and rising above politics on the question of development of the country and empowerment of the youth to raise them as future leader in every field of our national life.
The PML-N is committed to public service mission, and it will continue to outcome every hurdle in our way.
Campuses of best universities of the world will be set up in Knowledge Park.
Lawyers have rendered immense sacrifices for the restoration of democracy and free judiciary, and their role in this regard cannot be ignored.
Personal interests have no importance compared to national interests.
Without resolving Kashmir dispute, lasting peace cannot be maintained in the region.
Kashmiri people are fighting the war for freedom. And India cannot stop this freedom movement through atrocities, as Kashmir dispute is a problem of humanity, human rights, and freedom.
CPEC will play its important role for eliminating terrorism and extremism and poverty alleviation in the region.
Pakistani nation and Pak Army have written a new history of bravery and valor against terrorism.
Provision of facilities to the masses is linked with the collection of taxes.
Resources are a trust of the nation, and each and every penny is being spent on public welfare projects honestly.
Transparency is our hallmark, and government is acting on the roadmap of economic revolution.
Musharraf has just gone against the constitution and displayed contempt of court and has shown that he has no respect for the rule of law.
I wouldn't call it America's war on terror. Terrorism is our own fight as well, and if it coincides with the American agenda or the international agenda, well, that's fine.
When Nawaz Sharif was Prime Minister in 1997, we were combating a different kind of terrorism at that time. It was what you call sectarian terrorism, and 9/11 had not happened. And we were tackling that with success and dedication.
This issue of terrorism is as much an issue for Pakistan as it is a Western issue.
Unless you have economic security, then you can't have general security.
We condemn all shades and hues of terrorism and militancy and want to cooperate with India to fight this menace.
Pakistan is also a victim of terrorism. We obviously condemn all forms of terrorism; we should cooperate in facing the menace and stem it.
While security of national leadership is of paramount significance, expenditure on permanent civil structures at the family home of the prime minister and chief minister from public exchequer will be a burden on their conscience.
Harmonious relations with a superpower like America should be a priority, but it does not mean that one should start begging from it.
The political parties who prefer lockdowns should end their politics that is based on negative attitude.
