Chinese,Chef
Happiness is within. It has nothing to do with how much applause you get or how many people praise you. Happiness comes when you believe that you have done something truly meaningful.
People who don't travel cannot have a global view, all they see is what's in front of them. Those people cannot accept new things because all they know is where they live.
I remember when I was in college, I used to watch Julia Child's cooking show during dinner and joke with my roommates about becoming a TV chef.
Chinese culture has a lot of virtues that are tremendously valuable to not only us as Asian-Americans, but also the world in general.
In general I love to eat anything. I enjoy anything that is well prepared, a good spaghetti, lasagna, taco, steak, sushi, refried beans.
Soy sauce is really a multi-purpose seasoning.
Why is America such a great country. It is because we stand united.
When I retire or pass away, I will be able to look back and say that this has been an exciting life. That's all that matters.
You can do almost anything with soup stock, it's like a strong foundation. When you have the right foundation, everything tastes good.
I think being famous is more of a hindrance, a constraint, than just letting yourself be free.
First of all, I can't really claim to be a great chef.
Just like if you were brought up on a farm, you would most likely carry on your father's business as a farmer; I was brought up in the kitchen and ended up becoming a chef.
At thirteen, when I arrived in Hong Kong after leaving China, I made a living by working in a restaurant.
Well, you know, if you get into the profession because you think you can make a lot of money, you can never become successful.
I think a lot of times it's not money that's the primary motivation factor; it's the passion for your job and the professional and personal satisfaction that you get out of doing what you do that motivates you.
I've never considered myself a celebrity or even part of the entertainment business. I'm a cooking teacher.
Because normally with Western cuisine, you'll serve vegetables separate from the meat, so kids will eat the meat and never touch the vegetables.
So when I do Chinese cooking, I mix everything together, then the kids have to eat their vegetables. They won't have the patience to pick them out.
The hoopla, the applause, the praises have never excited me.
I can represent my culture while helping not only the Chinese-American community, but also the community at large.
Some people never contribute anything positive to society, they may even drain our resources, but most of us try to do something better, to give back.
When you enjoy what you do, work becomes play.
A lot of people don't enjoy their job, they may even hate it, but I am lucky enough to be able to make a living through my passion.
Anyone that has come to America past the age of eighteen will be able to understand when I say that you can never shake your accent.
The problem with a lot of Chinese is that they put up divisions between Taiwanese, Hong Kong natives, mainlanders. We are never united. I really hope that the Chinese can be more united.
I live a very low-key life.
