American,Sociologist
A certain amount of opposition is a great help to a man. Kites rise against, not with, the wind.
To curb the machine and limit art to handicraft is a denial of opportunity.
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
A day spent without the sight or sound of beauty, the contemplation of mystery, or the search of truth or perfection is a poverty-stricken day; and a succession of such days is fatal to human life.
It has not been for nothing that the word has remained man's principal toy and tool: without the meanings and values it sustains, all man's other tools would be worthless.
Today, the degradation of the inner life is symbolized by the fact that the only place sacred from interruption is the private toilet.
A man of courage never needs weapons, but he may need bail.
The way people in democracies think of the government as something different from themselves is a real handicap. And, of course, sometimes the government confirms their opinion.
Nothing is unthinkable, nothing impossible to the balanced person, provided it comes out of the needs of life and is dedicated to life's further development.
Without fullness of experience, length of days is nothing. When fullness of life has been achieved, shortness of days is nothing. That is perhaps why the young have usually so little fear of death; they live by intensities that the elderly have forgotten.
One of the functions of intelligence is to take account of the dangers that come from trusting solely to the intelligence.
The chief function of the city is to convert power into form, energy into culture, dead matter into the living symbols of art, biological reproduction into social creativity.
Restore human legs as a means of travel. Pedestrians rely on food for fuel and need no special parking facilities.
New York is the perfect model of a city, not the model of a perfect city.
Life is the only art that we are required to practice without preparation, and without being allowed the preliminary trials, the failures and botches, that are essential for training.
The cities and mansions that people dream of are those in which they finally live.
Today, the notion of progress in a single line without goal or limit seems perhaps the most parochial notion of a very parochial century.
The earth is the Lord's fullness thereof: this is no longer a hollow dictum of religion, but a directive for economic action toward human brotherhood.
However far modern science and techniques have fallen short of their inherent possibilities, they have taught mankind at least one lesson; nothing is impossible.
Forget the damned motor car and build the cities for lovers and friends.
Every new baby is a blind desperate vote for survival: people who find themselves unable to register an effective political protest against extermination do so by a biological act.
War is the supreme drama of a completely mechanized society.
In war, the army is not merely a pure consumer, but a negative producer.
Misery, mutilation, destruction, terror, starvation and death characterize the process of war and form a principal part of the product.
War vies with magic in its efforts to get something for nothing.
Don't take the will for the deed; get the deed.
