Canadian,Sociologist
Societies have always been shaped more by the nature of the media by which men communicate than by the content of the communication.
There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew.
We become what we behold. We shape our tools and then our tools shape us.
We drive into the future using only our rearview mirror.
All media exist to invest our lives with artificial perceptions and arbitrary values.
Anyone who tries to make a distinction between education and entertainment doesn't know the first thing about either.
The new electronic independence re-creates the world in the image of a global village.
I wouldn't have seen it if I hadn't believed it.
The medium is the message. This is merely to say that the personal and social consequences of any medium - that is, of any extension of ourselves - result from the new scale that is introduced into our affairs by each extension of ourselves, or by any new technology.
The more the data banks record about each one of us, the less we exist.
A point of view can be a dangerous luxury when substituted for insight and understanding.
Obsolescence never meant the end of anything, it's just the beginning.
As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of 'do it yourself.'
Everybody experiences far more than he understands. Yet it is experience, rather than understanding, that influences behavior.
Diaper backward spells repaid. Think about it.
American youth attributes much more importance to arriving at driver's license age than at voting age.
I think of art, at its most significant, as a DEW line, a Distant Early Warning system that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it.
Advertising is an environmental striptease for a world of abundance.
It is the framework which changes with each new technology and not just the picture within the frame.
Most of our assumptions have outlived their uselessness.
Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century.
Good taste is the first refuge of the non-creative. It is the last-ditch stand of the artist.
Canada is the only country in the world that knows how to live without an identity.
Politics will eventually be replaced by imagery. The politician will be only too happy to abdicate in favor of his image, because the image will be much more powerful than he could ever be.
One of the effects of living with electric information is that we live habitually in a state of information overload. There's always more than you can cope with.
A typewriter is a means of transcribing thought, not expressing it.
Madison Avenue is a very powerful aggression against private consciousness. A demand that you yield your private consciousness to public manipulation.
Affluence creates poverty.
Art is anything you can get away with.
Great art speaks a language which every intelligent person can understand. The people who call themselves modernists today speak a different language.
When producers want to know what the public wants, they graph it as curves. When they want to tell the public what to get, they say it in curves.
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say.
Darkness is to space what silence is to sound, i.e., the interval.
Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it.
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century.
Appetite is essentially insatiable, and where it operates as a criterion of both action and enjoyment (that is, everywhere in the Western world since the sixteenth century) it will infallibly discover congenial agencies (mechanical and political) of expression.
A commercial society whose members are essentially ascetic and indifferent in social ritual has to be provided with blueprints and specifications for evoking the right tone for every occasion.
The name of a man is a numbing blow from which he never recovers.
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a person's car is the only place where he can be alone and think.
The mark of our time is its revulsion against imposed patterns.
Today it is not the classroom nor the classics which are the repositories of models of eloquence, but the ad agencies.
An administrator in a bureaucratic world is a man who can feel big by merging his non-entity in an abstraction. A real person in touch with real things inspires terror in him.
For tribal man space was the uncontrollable mystery. For technological man it is time that occupies the same role.
