German,Historian
Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight.
This is the precept by which I have lived: Prepare for the worst; expect the best; and take what comes.
The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.
The trouble with lying and deceiving is that their efficiency depends entirely upon a clear notion of the truth that the liar and deceiver wishes to hide.
Only crime and the criminal, it is true, confront us with the perplexity of radical evil; but only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
Revolutionaries do not make revolutions. The revolutionaries are those who know when power is lying in the street and then they can pick it up.
The most radical revolutionary will become a conservative the day after the revolution.
There are no dangerous thoughts; thinking itself is dangerous.
Few girls are as well shaped as a good horse.
Total loyalty is possible only when fidelity is emptied of all concrete content, from which changes of mind might naturally arise.
Under conditions of tyranny it is far easier to act than to think.
No cause is left but the most ancient of all, the one, in fact, that from the beginning of our history has determined the very existence of politics, the cause of freedom versus tyranny.
Action without a name, a who attached to it, is meaningless.
The chief qualification of a mass leader has become unending infallibility; he can never admit an error.
Power and violence are opposites; where the one rules absolutely, the other is absent. Violence appears where power is in jeopardy, but left to its own course it ends in power's disappearance.
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
In order to go on living one must try to escape the death involved in perfectionism.
Only the mob and the elite can be attracted by the momentum of totalitarianism itself. The masses have to be won by propaganda.
The ultimate end of human acts is eudaimonia, happiness in the sense of living well, which all men desire; all acts are but different means chosen to arrive at it.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
The Third World is not a reality but an ideology.
Culture relates to objects and is a phenomenon of the world; entertainment relates to people and is a phenomenon of life.
Storytelling reveals meaning without committing the error of defining it.
No punishment has ever possessed enough power of deterrence to prevent the commission of crimes. On the contrary, whatever the punishment, once a specific crime has appeared for the first time, its reappearance is more likely than its initial emergence could ever have been.
The defiance of established authority, religious and secular, social and political, as a world-wide phenomenon may well one day be accounted the outstanding event of the last decade.
The more dubious and uncertain an instrument violence has become in international relations, the more it has gained in reputation and appeal in domestic affairs, specifically in the matter of revolution.
