German,Historian
The mobile business in particular is something we must take seriously. I see tremendous prospects for all those transactions that can be handled on mobile phones.
The way communication works is changing.
Journalists must not be made accomplices by the secret service to solve its own problems.
Davos is my university.
The 'spirit of Davos' has definitely achieved a thing or two.
Technologies that exist between man and nature in a simple form and those that enable the interaction with other technologies are becoming significantly more complex and create their own information systems.
Everything that exists is information, and everything that is informative also exists. The infosphere is not a virtual space that is distinct from the real world. Rather, the world itself is increasingly being considered an information space and part of the infosphere.
Younger generations in particular, who have spent a great deal of time in information environments since they were small children, would feel like a fish out of water if they were shut out of the global stream of information.
We are the only living creatures who can create a context, and as far as we know, everything else can only follow a context, without recognizing the context as such. Herein lies the source of creativity and the genuinely new.
When Arianna Huffington founded 'The Huffington Post' in 2005, a whole new era of journalism began.
Humankind is getting more and more connected.
Online advertising works, although it lands especially on search engines like Google and Yahoo. They achieve much higher revenues online than the websites of publishing companies.
Frank Schirrmacher's passing is a great loss. Among the intellectuals, he, along with Friedrich Kittler, was the only one who understood the philosophical dimensions of the Internet.
Almost no one wants to admit the genius of Jeff Bezos and Amazon. Apparently, many have failed to see that Amazon has become the world's biggest retail company.
The risk of pollution exists for the infosphere as it does for the atmosphere. Freedom of the infosphere should thus become a law, and the Bible needs to have an 11th commandment: Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's data.
A communication highway without content is inconceivable.
I think that the Internet and print behave in a complementary manner.
Everything has gotten less expensive. Digitization has made content, whether it's print or music, less costly. Today, anyone can read the news for free online.
