American,Historian
The American Constitution is the greatest governing document, and at some 7,000 words, just about the shortest.
World War II, the atomic bomb, the Cold War, made it hard for Americans to continue their optimism.
Winning the Revolutionary War, or the Civil War, or World War II were the turning points in our history, the sine qua non of our forward progress.
Eisenhower had the clearest blue eyes. He would fix them on you. In my every interview with him, he would lock his eyes on to mine and keep them there.
There are many more want-to-be writers out there than good editors.
I've always tried to be fair to my subjects. That's easy when they are as likable and admirable as Lewis and Clark, or Eisenhower.
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
Immigrants do more than help us win our wars, or set up cleaning shops or ethnic restaurants.
The number one secret of being a successful writer is this: marry an English major.
Custer had dead heroes. Crazy Horse had only live ones.
American is the first democratic nation-state.
I was too young for Korea and too old for Vietnam.
You don't hate history, you hate the way it was taught to you in high school.
Writing is not the easiest way to make a living. Your work long hours, usually all by yourself. It is not a way to make money.
Who today is willing to say that Texas and California and the remainder of the Southwest would be better off if they were governed by Mexico?
We are part of a country that outshines those that have gone before us and most of those in existence today.
Washington, not Jefferson, freed his slaves upon his death.
Washington's character was rock solid. He came to stand for the new nation and its republican virtues, which was why he became our first President by unanimous choice.
Washington and Jefferson were both rich Virginia planters, but they were never friends.
Trial by jury. Live wherever you can make a living. How could a government based on such principles fail?
To be a slaveholder meant one had to regard the African American as inferior in every way.
The war in Vietnam I thought a dreadful mistake.
Reading your own material aloud forces you to listen.
Nixon regarded himself as having been cheated by life. He never got my vote.
Neither Johnson nor his party nor the government as a whole were willing to raise, train, equip, and then send Vietnam sufficient manpower to do the job.
My first book was the book that changed my life.
