Dominican,Athlete
Everybody goes through some tough times in their life, no matter what you do. Man, I've had my tough times.
I'm a winner, I play to win, I want to make good things go on around me.
Through the years I've been getting better and better and better, and it's what you learn though the seasons.
My whole career, my swing has always been the most important thing to me. Even when I'm taking a shower, I work on my swing.
I've always been my own hitting coach.
I just come do what I've got to do, play my game. And I don't worry if anybody likes it.
I'm the kind of guy that I never forget my teammates.
Negativity doesn't help me.
My mom, she wasn't like a baseball mother who knew everything about the game. She just wanted me to be happy with what I was doing.
My teammates are the best.
Everybody has something to prove each year. Everybody has a responsibility in this game. Even the batboy.
You just have to go as far as you can go. Everyone works his way up.
People, man, they love hurting people. It's not even fair.
The fans know that I don't give at-bats away.
Trust me, I play the game for the fans, my family and myself.
I never thought that buying supplements and vitamins, it was going to hurt anybody's feelings.
I swing hard all the time. That's what I've done my whole life - hit.
I come to play everyday.
All I like to do is work every day and have an idea what I want to do.
I just love the feeling from the fans and when I'm walking on deck I can hear people screaming and wishing you the best. That puts you into the game more than anything.
I showed people that it's not about guessing what people can do. It's about saying, 'Here, show me what you can do.'
I'm going to be done when I've decided that I'm done.
I stress a lot, sometimes.
I'm a guy that people look at me not only as a guy that hit the ball.
I try to do things the right way.
You don't get better as you get older in your career. It's not natural to have your best years late in your career. So I'm trying to do whatever I can to keep my body feeling good for as long as I can.
