Dominican,Designer
Fashion is about dressing according to what's fashionable. Style is more about being yourself.
Gardening is how I relax. It's another form of creating and playing with colors.
The great thing about fashion is that it always looks forward.
We live in an era of globalization and the era of the woman. Never in the history of the world have women been more in control of their destiny.
I always say: To be well dressed you must be well naked.
I like light, color, luminosity. I like things full of color and vibrant.
Now is the most exciting time in fashion. Women are controlling their destiny now, the consumer is more knowledgeable, and I have to be better every single day.
If you want to establish an international presence you can't do so from New York. You need the consecration of Paris.
The qualities I most admire in women are confidence and kindness.
I want to make clothes that people will wear, not styles that will make a big splash on the runway.
There is always an emotional element to anything that you make.
Every season I am inspired by women.
My customers are successful workingwomen.
I'm a very restless person. I'm always doing something. The creative process never stops.
I don't really know how to do casual clothes.
We're dealing with sophisticated customers. What's most important to these women is individuality. I have to create things she'll want to wear, no matter who she is.
I wanted this, I wanted to do this, but my work is me, and it has to be right.
I do not have one theme for each season, I just try to make beautiful clothes all year round.
I have this complex that if I walk into a place wearing a colorful shirt someone will stop me and say, 'I'm sorry, but the Latin band comes through the other door.'
Online media is increasingly influential in fashion.
Although I have no plans to tweet, I am fascinated by developments on the Internet.
I was surrounded by sisters. My childhood was all women.
I am not interested in shock tactics. I just want to make beautiful clothes.
Regardless of how good or bad a collection might be, it's a letdown after the show is over. It's done. Something you've worked on for months is just over.
