Indian,Actress
My family is my strength and my weakness.
Sexy in India is not considered positive. But, with today's crop of fresh faces in the modelling arena, being sexy is an asset.
Strangely, nothing makes me feel tired, fatigued, at all. I've gone days and nights without sleep, and still the mind is in such a positive space it just doesn't make you feel fatigued.
I'm not the type who'll yell about my achievements from the rooftops.
The more you are blessed with experience, the fuller and the more enriched you are in your craft.
I was studying to be an architect, I wasn't plotting to join the movies. Films were just another career option. I took acting up with the same schoolgirl enthusiasm I had for examinations. Acting is a job and I take it very seriously.
Even in India the Hindi film industry might be the best known but there are movies made in other regional languages in India, be it Tamil or Bengali. Those experiences too are different from the ones in Bombay.
Life will take its toll on all of us. We get injured, we get old. It's really sad to try to run away from these harsh realities of life. Looks are not everything. I am not going to look beautiful all the time.
I don't know about changing my perspective, because motherhood is such a glorious blessing and I am very thankful for that. It's such a beautiful experience. I so strongly recommend it. It's bliss, love and fulfillment of another level.
The larger the audience the better. The more pockets in the world, the more interesting and exciting because it just makes it that much more liberating. This makes it that much more liberating for the various facets of creativity to be explored.
I like to be human and not lose myself in becoming a mannequin, which people in showbiz are accused of.
For me, it's not about breaking big in Hollywood, but having interesting experiences.
It's unbelievable that people have the time and inclination to be as negative as they are on a public platform about people who accomplish whatever they do in the public eye.
Comedy is difficult for an actor. But I think I have a good sense of humor and manage to make people laugh and make them happy.
Aishwarya, my parent's daughter, has been brought up with enough values inculcated where I will use my discretion in my choices. At the same time, I recognize I am an actor, I am an artist, and if I feel the need to be liberated and do the kind of work I need to do, I will.
I always believed that my silence on several topics will be an advantage in the long run.
Right now, I'm following the Buddhist principle: Smile as abuse is hurled your way and this too shall pass.
I have a great story to tell... and I tell it well. No holds barred.
I know for a fact that if there's a role which I am suited for, I'll be signed on. I'll never go begging.
I was more excited than scared, at the opportunity to work in an English movie.
Even prior to marriage and motherhood, it's always been about prioritising and focusing on what you can commit to. That's been my approach to every aspect of my life, be it my relationships or my professional commitments.
I just take on what I can commit to completely at that point in time, and that way you'll be able to give your best.
Do we recognize the platform that Indian cinema has been given? Of course. And typically India of us, we gracefully acknowledge our host's grace and we thank you for celebrating us and our cinema.
In terms of finding that first international recognition of my work, coming back to Cannes is such a milestone in my life because it began actually with 'Devdas'.
I'm just an average woman with average concerns.
I always knew I would be successful. So there was no element of surprise.
