Indian,Inventor
I promise you... nobody cares about your business except for you. Nobody.
If you're trying to solve a problem that is fundamentally important to human society, that's really important to our mission at Indie Bio.
We don't want to end up in a class war. We want everyone to have food, clean water, and a long life expectancy.
We are seeing a new wave of young biologists that are attacking old problems with new tools and fresh ideas, leading to new types of bio startups and creating a much-needed engine to drive Silicon Valley into the next century.
Good teachers must inspire children to work hard - make projects and give them good marks even if genuine projects look crude and unprofessional.
Parents are the biggest culprit. In a bid to make their child score high marks, they are willing to indulge in practices that are unethical, like buying projects. They do not realise that such attempts will not make their child brighter or think over ideas.
Put your life into it - it's not that hard.
Biology is now accelerating at a pace faster than Moore's Law.
Biology is the most powerful technology ever created. DNA is software, protein are hardware, cells are factories.
The world has a huge number of trillion-dollar problems wanting to be solved, and biology is the only way to do that.
Hype tends to precede the reality in biotech, but the reality does follow. Usually.
IndieBio's capital, facilities, and deep mentoring by a network of biotech-specific experts have the potential to spawn the Google, Facebook, and Instagrams of biology.
Writing genetic code like we do software will usher in a completely new way of living for all of us. When this happens, our society will be as fundamentally changed as we have seen from the invention of computers.
The development of exponential technologies like new biotech and AI hint at a larger trend - one in which humanity can shift from a world of constraints to one in which we think with a long-term purpose where sustainable food production, housing, and fresh water is available for all.
We want everyone who comes through to feel more entrepreneurial and start companies, even if they fail.
The goal here is to triple the lifespan of human beings. We can't have triple the natural resources, so we need to be more efficient.
The global food supply chain is a multitrillion-dollar industry. That's the market we're thinking about disrupting.
Single-use wearables are tough to sustain from a user perspective.
You can model experiments on computers now and then execute them, and you don't actually need a fully stocked lab.
A big part of the accelerator is to help scientists become entrepreneurs. I like to think about each business being built on three major areas: creating the value, creating the product, and extracting the value. We provide help in each of these areas.
We're finding a third way for biologists to change the world. It's very hard to change the world when the only directions available in biology are academia and the pharmaceutical industry.
I thought that biology and macro economies, especially, was fairly related between the systems level, and so I graduated the university with a degree in Genetic Engineering and Economies, and I moved to San Francisco to try out how to make money with just the ideas itself.
I ended up going to do a matches program at the state for industrial design. And from there, I got hired at IDEO to joint their design team there - and basically, you are starting as an industrial designer to design products - and then kept asking the question, 'What else can design accomplish? What else can design do?'
I think I have learnt more about business from fighting than anything else - from any book, from any, like - fighting is an incredible megastore for doing business.
It's possible to fund companies for $100,000 and find out rather quickly whether or not the idea they are pursuing has merit. Scientists now work much faster.
A lot of people said this was impossible. 'You can't build biotech for $50,000. You can't build anything for $50,000.' Well, that's no longer true, and we're proving it.
