Indian
Negative attitude is nine times more powerful than positive attitude.
Maintaining spirituality and humanism are the keys to success. It's a balance.
You cannot steal somebody's intellectual property. Law and justice protect.
I fix the human chassis, I tune up human engines, I recharge human batteries, and I adjust human transmissions.
I started with nothing. Zero.
One student was mixing my yoga up with other kinds, and I said, 'No, you cannot do that.' You cannot put calamari in the sushi and call it sushi.
You use the body as a medium to bring the mind back to the brain. Perfect married between body and mind. Then, you can knock the door to the spirit.
There's nothing wrong with material things as long as you don't lie, cheat and steal.
I like money. You like money. We need the money. But, money is not going to bring humanity and spiritualism into your life.
The meaning of yoga is connection of mind, body and spirit. If you have a bad telecommunication system, your body gets sick. Yoga helps fix that.
Every human being in this world is interested in certain things. Everybody has a hobby. Some people like art; I know nothing about it. Some people like books, some people like fishing, some people like music. I like to look at cars.
Truth is the most bitter to accept, swallow and digest it. The moment you speak truth, you lose your popularity. But I don't care.
Since my asana techniques increase circulation to all organs in the body and increase lung efficiency, I recommend Bikram Balance natural whole food beverage as a way to provide all the critical nutrients to oxygenate the blood and restore the acid/alkaline balance.
I have so many choices in America; it's home to so many good things. I'm smart enough to enjoy all the good things that are offered.
Natural hydration is a key factor in any type of sports performance.
Any kind of problem you have in your life, you come to Bikram. Your life becomes the best in the world.
Yoga in America is a joke.
My system works, as long as people let me do my job my way. It is not just the sequence, it is how you do it: the timing, the mirrors, the temperature, the carpet. But if people only do it 99% right, it is 100% wrong. When someone tries to mess with it, the people won't get the yoga benefits.
Most researchers sit at a table and read books. My research, since three years old, has been to use my own body.
Worry makes you sick. Worry less, live as long as you like.
America's biggest problem is too much freedom.
Yoga only works one way.
I always forgave my students, like Jesus.
Lady Gaga listens to me. Her mantra is only one word - 'Bikram' - because Bikram makes her what she is today. It works.
Because I'm a sweet, kind guy, everybody thinks I'm an idiot, I'm weak.
I'm a yogi, not a businessman.
I don't chase money, money chase me!
Movie stars, rich people - oh, they have so many beautiful cars!
Before me, there was no money, no business with yoga.
My friend said to me, 'You don't look good,' - because all the time I have to think about law and justice and courts.
In India, nobody sues anybody.
I didn't come here without a visa, like everyone from China and Vietnam and Cuba. I came here by special plane... received by the ambassador, by the president of the United States. I should be the most honored man in your country.
When in Rome, I must do as the Romans do. When in America, make Bikram copyright and trademark.
You treat an idiot like an idiot.
