Indian,Leader
Regardless of what we do, our karma has no hold on us.
The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons. Greed, anger, and delusion.
Many roads lead to the path, but basically there are only two: reason and practice.
According to the Sutras, evil deeds result in hardships and good deeds result in blessings.
Life and death are important. Don't suffer them in vain.
If you use your mind to study reality, you won't understand either your mind or reality. If you study reality without using your mind, you'll understand both.
As long as you're enthralled by a lifeless form, you're not free.
The mind is the root from which all things grow if you can understand the mind, everything else is included.
If you use your mind to look for a Buddha, you won't see the Buddha.
Our nature is the mind. And the mind is our nature.
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.
Whoever realizes that the six senses aren't real, that the five aggregates are fictions, that no such things can be located anywhere in the body, understands the language of Buddhas.
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
To go from mortal to Buddha, you have to put an end to karma, nurture your awareness, and accept what life brings.
The essence of the Way is detachment.
You can't know your real mind as long as you deceive yourself.
Freeing oneself from words is liberation.
Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either.
Not suffering another existence is reaching the Way.
If we should be blessed by some great reward, such as fame or fortune, it's the fruit of a seed planted by us in the past.
But deluded people don't realize that their own mind is the Buddha. They keep searching outside.
To enter by reason means to realize the essence through instruction and to believe that all living things share the same true nature, which isn't apparent because it's shrouded by sensation and delusion.
As long as you look for a Buddha somewhere else, you'll never see that your own mind is the Buddha.
Whoever knows that the mind is a fiction and devoid of anything real knows that his own mind neither exists nor doesn't exist.
Your mind is nirvana.
The Way is basically perfect. It doesn't require perfecting.
Mortals liberate Buddhas and Buddhas liberate mortals.
If your mind is pure, all buddha-lands are pure.
Worship means reverence and humility it means revering your real self and humbling delusions.
