Indian,Clergyman
Happiness, true happiness, is an inner quality. It is a state of mind. If your mind is at peace, you are happy. If your mind is at peace, but you have nothing else, you can be happy. If you have everything the world can give - pleasure, possessions, power - but lack peace of mind, you can never be happy.
True love bears all, endures all and triumphs!
True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment.
Let us not curse the darkness. Let us kindle little lights.
The Hindu marriage may be described as the union of two families. In this union, there is no room for petty ambitions and personal ego-trips. What is involved is love for the entire family that one is marrying into.
From compassion springs humility. The ego is verily a gateway to hell. The person who is egoistic is far from being religious.
Sincere practice, makes the impossible possible.
What humanity needs today is not merely philosophy or theology, but a message or reassurance.
Call Him by whatever name you will, and He will respond.
Philosophy and theology have so much to tell us about God, but people today want to experience God. There is a difference between eating dinner and merely reading the menu.
There is no such thing as emotional incompatibility. There are only misunderstandings and mistakes which can easily be set right if we have the will to do so.
Whenever you have taken up work in hand, you must see it to the finish. That is the ultimate secret of success. Never, never, never give up!
The children of today are the builders of a brave, new world - a world without want.
Beware of the company you keep. See that you associate with the right type of people.
Marriage helps young couples to raise themselves towards God. The bond of marriage unites two souls so firmly that though they are physically two separate entities, their souls are merged into one harmonious whole.
People need to know that they are not alone, that they have not been abandoned; but that there is One Who loves them for what they are, Who cares about them.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset you can possess, for it can take you further than money, power or influence.
The farthest place on earth is the hour that is just over. Make the best use of the hour that has just begun!
We have for a long time neglected our children. They are our richest treasure. We must give them time, attention and the love of our pure, unselfish hearts.
God has created us and poured love into our hearts so that we may do our best to alleviate the suffering that is around us.
Only a fortunate few seek the Beloved. Only a blessed few seek to enter the shrine of the heart.
The one who turns his back on the world and its comforts and, sets out on the path that leads to the Beloved has to face countless difficulties. But he brakes them all for the sake of the Beloved.
Marriage is a commitment for life. It is a permanent, lifelong relationship.
Every week brings to us 10,080 minutes That is our capital. How shall we use it to get the utmost benefit?
If you want to be happy, make others happy!
