Indian,Actor
I think it is not easy to impress a girl, especially with the looks that I have. It is quite tough.
You can't always expect to work with a director who guarantees success.
If I was not an actor, I would have been working in a five star hotel as a chef.
Music is my breath, blood and food - without music I would perish; the actor in me would die.
I get emotionally attached with every film I do, and that stops me from being critical. I can't fight my emotions.
I don't mind acting in Hindi films, but the script has to suit me. It has to be a boy-next-door role because that's the image I have in Tamil cinema.
Every man plays many roles. So far, I have played father the best.
There is no such thing as a Bollywood hero or Hollywood hero. All you see on the screen is the lead actor's interpretation of the role that has been conceived by the writer.
Definition of love differs for different humans. If I will talk about me then its something that makes you forget about everything else.
Unfortunately, I can only act; I do not have the looks, but I am very happy with what God has given me.
I have no clue as to where my interest and love for music came from. In fact, I have never learnt any music either, though I wish that I could just close my eyes and play the piano - that is my most cherished desire.
I have played so many romantic roles that I don't know if I am really a romantic in real life. I get confused about the real me.
Many people find their calling very early in their lives. These are the kind of people we read about in school books and newspapers. Then there are some who don't have a clue of what they want to do in their lives; I am belong to the latter category.
Trust me, it has been anything but easy to make it as an actor.
I've always known that I'm very, very ordinary looking. But I'm not alien looking. I am an artist here to play characters.
I don't know why, but rain comes into my head the minute I think of my childhood.
I took up acting upon the insistence of my filmmaker father, Kasthuri Raja. But I am glad for it: sometimes one identifies one's calling; sometimes it singles one out.
I come from a very humble background. My father had to work really hard to become an assistant director. For a large part of his youth, he worked in a mill and took up odd jobs to make ends meet. We lived in a small room and could only afford a meal a day.
I suffer from stage fright, so I blabber on stage and stop midway through my performances. I cannot even write a cheque, as it makes me nervous. Being around people makes me nervous. But I'm very comfortable in front of the camera, and this I realised many films later.
A villain can be stylish, and his actions don't have to be explained. Heroes are boring in comparison, even anti-heroes, as there's always a justification for their bad actions.
The screenplay has to be gripping. That's when the film will work. Then, I see how much I can relate to the character I'm playing.
I've improved as an actor, thanks to my wonderful directors. As a person, I've changed, too; I was 16 when I did 'Thullavatho Ilamai,' and I'm 32 now. With age, I've sobered down. I'm calmer; I can see things more clearly now.
I'm going to be quite choosy about singing. If I connect to a tune and like what I am offered to sing, I'll do it. I am an actor by profession, not a singer.
My dream is to become a director. I want to direct a Hindi film. I have two scripts ready. One of them is a fantasy-adventure, while the other is a thriller. I've assisted my brother Selvaraghavan, who's a well-known director in Tamil cinema. I've also made short films.
