Indian,Actress
Happiness is being content with what you have, living in freedom and liberty, having a good family life and good friends.
I really believe that some things happen for a reason, and they make you a better person.
If you are good to people, they reciprocate with good behaviour.
These haters are too less in number when compared to the millions who support me. I look at all those beautiful people who always stand by me. I respect them, and they equally respect me.
There are groups of haters who always try to malign my image. They question my character and make all kinds of false announcements. It hurts because they assume things and without any proof in hand.
Small things make me happy, and I laugh out loud on the silliest of jokes!
I look forward to a life partner who can look after me and respect me.
I have been trying to perform well and give my best, but unless I have a good story line in my hand or a supportive team, I am nothing.
We must never lose our individuality.
I don't wish to curse anyone. I just feel bad when women, especially, try to sabotage the image of another woman.
I have started exploring my own life and have started valuing myself. I have started valuing my individuality.
There was nothing girlish about me. I wore clothes hand-stitched by my mother... I had only one ear pierced and preferred loose shirts and trousers. I think I was imitating my father!
I need to find the right guy and the right family. The day I find something worth my while, I will get married and have kids, too.
I usually have a 13-hour workday. But at times, we get lucky when we wind up in 8 or 10 hours.
I am still a hard-core romantic.
Even though I am an actor, by nature I am what you could call a homely girl.
After certain ups and downs, a person does change, and I have changed for good.
No actor can be a complete artist without trying his/her hand at comic roles.
I'm not a chui-mui.
It is sweet that people want to know everything about my wedding, but they should also respect my privacy.
I am a celebrity, but I don't want people standing outside my wedding venue.
In India, public display of affection is frowned upon.
I won't sleep until I have resolved an issue with my husband.
I can never lie to my partner. Even if the truth is harsh, I'll break it to my partner but won't lie.
Earlier, I thought it would be better for an actress to marry a businessman or a person from other profession, as it offers more stability. But then I realised that if I marry someone who doesn't belong to the same industry , he wouldn't understand my erratic schedules and also the norms of the glamour industry.
You tend to relate to the other person better if you understand their professional needs.
Playing mother to grown-up kids does not allure me much. I will not feel comfortable. Also, my fans will not like me with grey hair.
There is a vast difference in the pay package of every actor. Actors are also exploited at various levels, but when we are established, we get paid fairly well. But at times, if an actor asks for a hike, he/she may even get boycotted.
Irrespective of my looks and age, they'll like me if I portray my character well.
As far as aging on screen is concerned, I am sure the TV audience don't go by stereotypes - they have evolved and become smarter over the years.
Vivek is a very supportive man. If I am in the kitchen doing something, he comes and helps. I don't think marriage will change anything for us. Our careers will not be affected after marriage. He believes in gender equality and is a man of today's time.
As long as there is a new twist in the storyline, there cannot be any space for monotony.
I am lucky that people recognise me wherever I go, but that makes it tough for me to shop.
The show is very special to me, as I found my life partner Vivek Dahiya while working on 'YHM.' The entire cast and set has become like a second home to me.
Not many know that I'm a mountaineer, and my love for adventure will never die.
I feel blessed to keep my adventurous passion at peak while doing a daily soap.
Nothing scares me about marriage.
It is beautiful to see two people in a lasting relationship.
Fortunately, I have seen only successful and motivating relationships around me that inspired me to get married.
