Indian,Actor
For me, style is all about confidence. What you wear, both in terms of clothing and jewellery, should add to your confidence.
People working in films are somewhat like gypsies: we move from set to set and spent weeks, sometimes even longer working while shooting a film. Right from the spot boys to the make-up guys and cast and crew, we become a kind of family.
I don't want to get into a comfort zone. I am getting characters of varying shades, which I believe will help me grow as an actor.
It is when I am convinced about my character that I can do justice to that role.
For any actor, being part of a Mani Ratnam film is a great experience. I grew up watching his films.
I can make chicken curry, rice, kheema... I am a foodie and enjoy varied cuisines. My favourites are Korean and Japanese.
I enjoy working in movies that appeal to and will be seen by many people.
I might play characters that are loud in the movies, but in real life, I'm not loud in terms of personality.
I feel lucky that I always have a number of films to choose from. I would like to come out of my comfort zone while doing various roles, and I don't want to keep repeating my characters.
I enjoy clothes. My mother tells me how, even as a kid, I used to choose my own clothes. I have a feel for it, and I do the costume coordination for my photo shoots as well. Many a time, even my characters wear the clothes I choose.
People think that I have some idea about how I choose my films. I make sure that I am doing the kind of films that I want to watch. You hear so many stories, and one of them will stand out and connect to you somewhere.
I don't want to commit to too many films, as it would result in getting out of touch with what is happening in the industry.
In films, you will be judged by your last hit or, let's say, your last film.
I was shying away from acting for the longest time - because of having such big shoes to fill.
I didn't want to use my father's name. I don't think I will ever want to use his influence... Never have I gone around asking people, 'Do you know who I am...' Even if it's to cut a line at the airport.
You can't learn acting through any classes.
My mum is slightly biased and feels everything I do is wonderful, but Dad was like, 'You should go ahead boldly, and I think you should do more films.' To me, that was some kind of acceptance.
Somehow, I'm in denial about being desirable. But every time my wife tells me to shave or cut my hair or clean up my look, I playfully boast to her that I'm the most desirable man!
