Indian,Businessman
Being an entrepreneur is my dream job, as it tests ones tenacity.
I don't like politics. I am not aligned to any political party. I have friends in all political parties.
Business is all about risk taking and managing uncertainties and turbulence.
Dealing with the government does not mean you have to give a bribe.
Either you are extrovert or introvert, and so I am an introvert in that sense. I'm not a social person that wants to go to parties.
Modi government has not flouted any rule or regulation to help anyone.
When you are in the infrastructure sector, you've to work along with the government.
One of the strengths of Adani is that, because we are controlling mines, ships, ports and logistics, we are the cheapest solution provider for end users.
Any commodity that sees its price going higher will see new mines opening up. When the supply increases, the prices soften. When prices fall, some mines with higher production costs will shut down as they become unviable.
I could never take orders from anyone.
Every economic opinion is associated with a set of assumptions.
My investment strategy, which is to focus on sectors that are a national priority for India, hasn't changed.
I'm a school dropout. So, at the age of 16, I moved to Mumbai to try my luck on some business.
I analyse in my own way, in very simple, no-jargon language. If somebody is talking in very complicated way, I never like that.
Either you sit on the pile of cash, or you continue to grow.
Investor confidence in Adani is fairly high, and most of our investors are long-term investors.
Along with opportunities, there also exist many other tricky and complex issues to be managed in India. These include tackling both policy-level challenges and infrastructure challenges.
The upward revision of import duty, from 1 per cent to over 4 per cent on steam coal imports, will adversely impact the industry, as it will lead to increase in cost of power generation.
Mundra Port remains committed towards setting up of world-class port infrastructure and facilities in India.
The commencement of coal mining at Parsa Kente is a milestone event in coal mining sector.
Adani Enterprises is well on track to realize its aim of emerging as India's largest private sector energy and logistics conglomerate.
From my experience in working with bureaucrats and politicians, if you are a credible business group, they will definitely help you. At the end of the day, they, too, want development of their constituency, state or country.
I am not attracted to those politicians who are short on vision and only want to make money. I like those who have vision.
Infrastructure sector is all about building assets for the country. It is part of nation building.
