Indian,Actress
People don't know that when there is something running in my mind, I start smiling. If I'm angry, I smile and blush.
There is no point in pointing fingers because there are three fingers pointing back at you.
My workout involves cardio, jogging, and yoga as well. I am a firm believer of yoga and meditation.
I love the ubiquitous idly-dosa combination. In fact, that was my pet name as a kid! In school, I would bug the canteen boys to get me my daily quota of idly!
Silence is my dignity.
I've finished 12th standard from Poddar International and enrolled for B.A. in political science in Cambridge University, London. It's a correspondence course, and I'll go to London for my exams once a year. That way, I can devote more time to films.
I hate interference, and I don't interfere in others' lives.
Everyone has a breakup in their lives, and I think everyone should experience love.
I've been working on the screen right from childhood and am completely in love with my work. And this experience has taught me that ultimately, it's a good script, good work that matters, whether in Bollywood or in the South.
When I was shooting in Pollachi, I had tried out a lot of local food, most of them I don't remember the names of.
My character in 'OK OK' has a lot of attitude, and it is an interesting one.
The Tamil industry, while being better than all the other film industries when it comes to treating female actors, is still dominated by men. So, I can only work within the space offered to heroines, and I think I am doing that.
Fame gives you a high.
Asked to choose between money and fame, I'd choose the latter every time.
I watch my films with my mum and other family members, you know. I also know there are thousands of women who watch my films. I don't want to set wrong examples.
As a 17-year-old, I remember positively dreading dance sequences. I would come to shoots, quaking with nervousness at the idea of making other artistes do retakes due to my mistakes.
Whenever I am asked about my personal relationships, I politely reply, 'No comments.'
I had worked in Hindi films like 'Jaago,' 'Abra Ka Dabra,' 'Koi Mil Gaya,' but 'Desamuduru' was a different experience.
My mum is my biggest critic. She said I was good for the first film, but I can still be better, and I need to polish my acting skills.
I need to thank my director, producers, and artists as well crew members of all my projects.
My parents have put in a lot of efforts for me. Whatever I am and wherever I am is because of them. I won't do anything to displease them.
I always give importance to scripts first, and remuneration is something that comes later.
I'm happy with my commercial heroine tag.
When the time is right, I will do female-centric films.
I make it a point to study the character I do, and if the story demands that I wear a particular outfit, I'm game.
I concentrate on doing good projects.
My mom has helped me nurture my interest and hone my talent.
I have not seen 'Vaalu' yet, but I am sure it will be good.
Obviously I will promote 'Vaalu.' It is my film. I am the lead actress in it; I play a major part, and I will promote the film.
I am in love with myself, with my friends, with my family, with kids, with life and my movies.
I am only a dog lover, and I have a nice fawn-colored one at home.
I am a very reserved person and have very few friends in the industry, while most of my close ones are from school and college.
I make sure that whatever film I do, I enjoy my role.
In 'Manithan' I did not again play a bubbly thing, but my character was calm and composed.
I can say that I don't compete with others and only with myself because I do so many films.
Everyone has their opinion, and if no one criticizes, how will I improve my work?
I am very lucky I got fans, and I interact with them personally. I know that they have poured their love on me unconditionally, and all I can do is work hard and be kind to them.
I'm very punctual. I wish I could change this about myself because most people around me are not.
I keep going to New York every year for 20 to 25 days. I love it there, but I can't imagine settling in any place other than India.
Every good movie I watch, the hero becomes my favourite. I start blushing every time a hero romances a heroine.
I don't read books.
