Indian,Statesman
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.
Winning or losing of the election is less important than strengthening the country.
Have a bias toward action - let's see something happen now. You can break that big plan into small steps and take the first step right away.
People tend to forget their duties but remember their rights.
Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave.
I have lived a long life, and I am proud that I spend the whole of my life in the service of my people. I am only proud of this and nothing else. I shall continue to serve until my last breath, and when I die, I can say, that every drop of my blood will invigorate India and strengthen it.
The power to question is the basis of all human progress.
There is not love where there is no will.
The environmental problems of developing countries are not the side effects of excessive industrialisation but reflect the inadequacy of development.
There are grave misgivings that the discussion on ecology may be designed to distract attention from the problems of war and poverty.
My father was a statesman, I am a political woman. My father was a saint. I am not.
You must learn to be still in the midst of activity and to be vibrantly alive in repose.
If I die a violent death, as some fear and a few are plotting, I know that the violence will be in the thought and the action of the assassins, not in my dying.
Even if I died in the service of the nation, I would be proud of it. Every drop of my blood... will contribute to the growth of this nation and to make it strong and dynamic.
There exists no politician in India daring enough to attempt to explain to the masses that cows can be eaten.
My son had nothing to do with policy or decision making, nor did I discuss the elections or any other matter with him.
I've never turned to anybody for advice and counsel. Even when I was a very small child, I had to stand on my feet because of the circumstances of those times, and somehow, the circumstances have remained more or less the same. I have to take my own decisions.
I think basically I'm lazy, but I have a housewife's mentality when I go about my job.
I am not a person to be pressured - by anybody or any nation.
Wearing khadi was a badge of honour. It was something one was proud to do.
I was happy to be with my parents. I didn't see very much of them, so I was very happy when my father was there and out of jail.
The people have nothing to fear of me; people have never feared me.
I'm certainly not a workaholic.
On the one hand, the rich look askance at our continuing poverty - on the other, they warn us against their own methods.
Martyrdom does not end something, it only a beginning.
