Indian,Actor
Language does not make one an elite.
For me, acting is becoming naked in front of people, you know? And when you know in the back of your mind somebody is testing you, you cannot really bare yourself. That's a feeling I always have when I'm auditioning.
I can't think of a more pathetic situation for an actor than to do a film and not connect to it. And I pray to God that I never face that situation.
I've realized that my... let me call it 'destiny' or some force that has pushed me to identify looking for your comfort zone as a kind of limitation. And everybody has a tendency to fall into the comfort zone. I did that in the early stage of my career.
The sign of a good society is where talent is respected.
Our Bollywood stars who talk of being part of 100 crore films, I think I belong to the 1,000 crore club.
I want to entertain people, but with some substance.
I was going through a crisis once, so I went to therapy because I was so unbearable for myself.
It surely gives you a high to be an international actor with quality work.
We don't have a culture of realistic acting in India.
Parsi theater was known for melodrama.
Sometimes when you're playing a very intense character, a disturbed character, you find other layers. That's much more interesting to me, rather than just playing 'intense.' I find it too boring.
A film engages you emotionally and intellectually.
I'm trying to strike a balance between Bollywood and Hollywood.
I will only do a Hollywood film when there is something special offered to me.
You cannot reduce the power of story with the tag of money because it's not a share market. So you must know the seriousness of the power of storytelling.
When you come out of the theatre and you don't even talk about that film or remember it, then it disappoints me.
I cannot live anywhere else except India.
A nation needs to know how to utilise talent.
I am not ready to fit into the mould of commercial cinema.
I've played many characters that have consumed me and owned me.
I don't want to do romantic roles where I have to lip sync to a song. A role that explores romance on a new level would suit me.
What happens with every role, you have to trick yourself, you have to creatively find ways to explore the mental state of your character.
In India, therapy is not part of the culture; it has not become such a big need.
Hollywood isn't ready for an Indian leading man.
Maybe to become famous is to reassure yourself that whatever you're lacking inside, you've fulfilled that.
