Indian,Leader
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand you are dealt is determinism; the way you play it is free will.
Culture is the widening of the mind and of the spirit.
Citizenship consists in the service of the country.
The art of a people is a true mirror to their minds.
Peace is not a relationship of nations. It is a condition of mind brought about by a serenity of soul. Peace is not merely the absence of war. It is also a state of mind. Lasting peace can come only to peaceful people.
Without peace, all other dreams vanish and are reduced to ashes.
Failure comes only when we forget our ideals and objectives and principles.
Obviously, the highest type of efficiency is that which can utilize existing material to the best advantage.
Facts are facts and will not disappear on account of your likes.
Socialism is... not only a way of life, but a certain scientific approach to social and economic problems.
You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
Every little thing counts in a crisis.
The policy of being too cautious is the greatest risk of all.
Democracy is good. I say this because other systems are worse.
The forces in a capitalist society, if left unchecked, tend to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
Action to be effective must be directed to clearly conceived ends.
Crises and deadlocks when they occur have at least this advantage, that they force us to think.
The only alternative to coexistence is codestruction.
What we really are matters more than what other people think of us.
Democracy and socialism are means to an end, not the end itself.
Let us be a little humble; let us think that the truth may not perhaps be entirely with us.
Ignorance is always afraid of change.
Time is not measured by the passing of years but by what one does, what one feels, and what one achieves.
I have become a queer mixture of the East and the West, out of place everywhere, at home nowhere.
A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to the new; when an age ends; and when the soul of a nation long suppressed finds utterance.
