Indian,Actress
I dress according to what suits me and what I am comfortable in.
Certain scripts require an ensemble cast. I'm absolutely fine with that. I will not deprive myself of the chance to be part of a good film because of insecurities or fear of losing my market. But my role must be well-defined.
I think I'm a story-based artiste. So I would opt for the performance-oriented role. I usually go by intuition while choosing a script. Also, I do not analyse my performance, nor do I bother about how my film has been performing at the box office. I personally love challenges and am game for taking up things which I haven't attempted before.
I don't believe any color in particular can bring good luck. I think it's just a coincidence that I was introduced in white costumes. That said, the color is very soothing. So, my house is all white.
There are some movies you do for the character; there are some movies you do for the people.
Working with Chiranjeevi sir, I realized the professionalism and attitude they used work with. It's just so contagious. When such a personality is doing that, everyone around, too, would do that out of respect. Work was far more efficient, smoother.
I'm very loyal to my south fans and the industry there. So, it's hard for me leave all the love, respect, and admiration and shift base here. I'm a Mumbai girl and have lived here for most of my life. At the same time, I've spent 10 years of my life in the South and feel like a south Indian at heart.
I love adventure sports. And, I love cooking.
Trust me: I've been travelling, making movies, and spending the remainder of my time at home.
I recently read an article on how I was dropped from a film because I couldn't dance! It was so ridiculous that I decided to shut up about it. Let people say what they want to. It's such a waste of time.
Akshay Kumar is a senior in the industry, and I consider myself lucky to be working with him. Each film of his opens to a packed house. Today, a film will sell only if you have a story. The audience is smart and won't be taken for a ride. And I'm confident about my movies.
I'm happy that all my films are different from one another.
You can't do anything to a film post its release. I concentrate on working hard, giving the required inputs for the roles, having discussions with my directors and co-stars. It isn't possible to predict the fate of any film. I don't take failures to heart and successes to my head. These are part and parcel of this career.
I don't consider myself a competition to anyone. There is ample space for everyone here. When there are directors who create characters for me, why should I feel bothered or insecure? When it comes to updating myself, I work very hard to relate to the emotions of characters I play.
I've admired Lawrence master from his choreographer days. I love how he experiments and makes it work. I like his attention to detail and the intrigue in his movies.
I've only chosen films that offered me something concrete, even if it is less than what I get to do in the South.
I did not enter the industry to create a certain image. People happened to see me as the friend/sister/daughter next door. I like that association very much. It's close to what I am in real life. As for films, I just focus on the job.
We are Punjabis from Amritsar, though I was born and brought up in Mumbai and did my Bachelors in Mass Media, specializing in advertising and marketing.
In my final year of college, I was interning with L'Oreal, when during one of the photo shoots, a photographer suggested I become a model. I was working under Smira Bakshi, who was this really cool chick, as she was loaded, had her fun, and was successful. I basically aspired to be her.
I am most attached to my mother, who always travels with me when I am on an outdoor location or abroad. She is my friend, who I share everything with.
I prefer the Telugu film industry, as women are respected more than they are in the Tamil film industry. In Tamil cinema, they care only about their hero, who is God.
My grandmother knitted me a crochet top when I was 15. I still fit into it and will never give it away.
I buy clothes that have repeat value.
A woman can never have enough shoes.
I am at a stage where I want to be known as a versatile actor.
As actors, we put in our best, but when people don't like a film, you have to learn to deal with it. I've learnt not to get too emotional.
