Indian,Politician
Cleanliness is a good thing, which the society should embrace. But it has nothing to do with Modi, nor can he implement it.
I have been writing poetry for a long time now. I started writing in my school days.
Yes, the state must intervene to prevent the exploitation of poor Indian women who are enticed or coerced into surrogacy, as well as to protect the rights of surrogate children. However, it should also be empathetic to individuals with alternative lifestyles who are well within their legal and human rights to demand access to surrogacy services.
Appointments to the higher judiciary must be through transparent processes, which ensure that persons of impeccable integrity and high competence are appointed to these positions.
Corruption is in society and in every strata of society.
If you employ an army, have money, bombard cyberspace with misinformation, innocent people tend to buy it.
Nationalism and anti-nationalism is a matter of perception. You cannot mandate who is a nationalist and what is not.
You learn on the job. When I was a young lawyer and got a case, I knew nothing about the subject. You start reading, you look for the philosophy behind it, and by the time you are actually in a court of law, you are a master.
Judges decide upon copyright law. They decide upon trademark law. They decide upon scientific issues. They decide upon very complex technical issues on a daily basis. So you must have confidence in the Supreme Court, that they will apply their mind and they will come out with a decision consistent with the Constitution.
The judiciary is entitled to finally resolve a dispute. Not every decision is right.
Internet governance is an oxymoron. The Internet must govern itself. But you can't play cricket without any rules.
We're trying to create a better world, not a perfect one. It cannot ever be perfect.
Humility is an attribute of every good Hindu.
The genesis of Public Interest Litigation in listening to the voice of the voiceless and giving access to the poor, the marginalised, and the weak is a unique experiment to be lauded.
Great research universities around the world are visible not just through their quality graduates but as knowledge creators and technology developers.
Unless the issue of the empowerment of women is addressed, the practice of women being unfairly treated will remain unresolved.
The optimal use of natural resources can be made only if there is a well-thought-out policy framework for their exploitation towards a particular end use.
Public interest is a very unruly horse.
Intolerance is alien to Hinduism.
The overreach of the judiciary can be attributed to, one, the inability of the executive to deliver; and two, the tendency to issue judicial pronouncements for national good. The second element is dangerous because that's the function of the government.
I would welcome satirical references to political leaders as part of freedom of expression.
Modi is an excellent orator - sure, anybody who spouts untruths is an excellent orator.
Politics runs in every human being, and so does music.
For a movie, you have to make sure the lyrics are consistent with the rhythm that is given to you. But, at times, during the song's recording, you find out that your words are not appropriate for the track, and so you have to change them.
My voice is not good enough for me to sing a song.
If the Planning Commission said those who live above Rs 5,000 a month are not at poverty line, obviously there is something wrong with the definition of poverty in this country. How can anybody live at Rs 5,000?
Most of us tend to be swayed by what we read. Judges are not superhuman. They, too, are mortals. This is why they have to be exceptionally careful in rendering decisions, which cause unintended consequences.
Given an opportunity, Modi has violated the freedom of press both in letter and spirit. He destroys freedom of the press whenever he gets a chance.
Normally, the law of nature is such that one who rises falls, and one who rises quickly falls as quickly. I don't know how the law of nature will work as far as Modi is concerned. But some time or the other, all bubbles burst. This bubble will also burst.
The DNA of a true Hindu is liberal. We are, by essence, liberal.
Our party never tolerated those who use violence for political ends. Our leaders lost their lives standing against terrorism.
There's a difference between those who breed terrorism and those who fight terrorism. This difference should be recognised by the people of India.
You may dislike what somebody else has said; that is perfectly valid. You may not agree with what somebody else has said. But saying something cannot possibly amount to sedition.
An individual can have a point of view. He is entitled to that.
Sedition involves sloganeering with incitement. It may be anti-national, but not a crime, unless you incite violence or communal tension.
To embrace Hindutva is to embrace an obscurantist, backward looking, divisive ideology that seeks to polarise society through identity politics.
I think poetry is a fabulous medium to encapsulate thoughts far more precisely than prose.
That's what technology does to you - makes you lazy but allows you to innovate.
Through geospatial technologies, you can plan a whole city sitting in your room.
The justice delivery system needs structural change. It needs fresh vision and innovative solutions.
The appointment of judges to the higher judiciary cannot be the sole domain of a few members of the higher judiciary. This turf must be shared.
I personally believe technology can transform the functioning of the judicial system.
M&A guidelines need to be liberal.
I came into politics by accident. I may go out of politics by accident.
I have no personal ambitions. I consider it a great privilege to have been given an opportunity to serve, through the Congress party, the people of India. I think that itself is a great reward. I have no personal ambitions in that regard.
When I took over the ministry for science and technology, our weather systems were in shambles. Nobody believed in the IMD. Nothing was in digital mode. I changed all that. We got automatic rain gauges, automatic weather stations, Doppler radars.
Ownership is a very complex judicial concept.
Can any sane person say that before something comes on the Net you must screen it? How can there be pre-screening?
The press in India, I believe, is more free, and happily so, than perhaps media anywhere in the world. Right? Which is a good thing.
Public figures will get public criticism, and they should be tolerant enough to take it.
BJP is the mothership of violence.
Just as judges have enormous stake in the appointment of judicial officers in the higher judiciary, the government has an equal stake. Since both of us have stakes in the appointment of members of the higher judiciary, the consultation of both of them is absolutely necessary. The government must have a say.
Every child should get an opportunity to study irrespective of the economic status.
I believe a true Hindu in India could never have endorsed the killing of the Mahatma.
We do not want to interfere with the freedom of press.
Modi may be rich in politics but is poor at heart.
I have never applied for a share in Tehelka.
I have only one sister, Asha Nanda, and she lives in Maharani Bagh.
Corruption is everywhere. It's not just in the Congress. Corruption is not just your prerogative or mine.
No one can end it, but incidents of corruption can be reduced.
The media can allege corruption, but if I do the same against the media, I am gagging freedom of expression.
All of us have a romantic streak in us. That's why we are fallible, aren't we?
I am a lawyer by profession.
Universities are not places where police can come and arrest people. Let the children have a discourse as they want to. They will learn as they move on in life. But to target individuals and institutions is dangerous.
Sports can't be run by governments.
Governments getting involved in sports activities would ultimately damage sports.
If there are malpractices in sports, part of the solution lies in the organisations themselves taking a very strong view and cleaning up the mess from within.
The great challenge before the IITs is to act as a catalyst in the growth of quality technical education in the country.
It would be a matter of concern for government if intrusive data capture has been deployed against Indian citizens or government infrastructure.
If you have decisions taken from time to time at the level of the executives, which gives the impression of being discriminatory, if you are not open when government is functioning, then obviously people will make allegations.
When you have a limited resource and you have a lot of people wanting that resource, then those who get more justify as to why they got more, and those who get less say they have been treated badly.
How do you trust a prime minister who said one thing before the elections and does exactly the opposite after the elections?
How do you trust a government whose people are proved to be untrustworthy?
No matter who the prime minister is, incremental changes take place. The economy moves on.
