Indian,Actress
We are all somewhere or the other a little grey, not black and white. We have our imperfections.
I feel that modelling has groomed my personality and made me a confident person, but even today, when I go on the ramp, I get nervous. I am more comfortable being in front of the camera than walking on the ramp.
I'm an independent woman and a feminist.
Some people do believe that any publicity is good publicly, but I don't. I would never want to be in news for rumours.
I think every industry is a male-dominated industry. Whether it is Tollywood or Bollywood or India as a whole, it is male-dominated. We stay in India, and it has been patriarchal society.
Every thing in life that's first should be a celebration or celebrated with a lot of oomph.
When you don't come from a film background, getting the right debut is important and difficult, as you don't have the sensibility to know what will work and what won't.
There is a slight tomboyish side to me. But I was studious, and I did not bunk classes!
Before anyone else, women need to accept that neither does life stop, nor does it change for those few days in a month.
I was clear about the fact that my first film should be 'big,' since it's the start of your whole career graph.
I come from a family of working professionals: my dad is a chartered accountant, and my mom is a professor.
I want to play a character with grey shades.
I thoroughly believe that shaving is the best way of hair removal, as it's the most convenient and hassle free of all the methods.
I am just a beginner. The two films so far are baby steps. If I develop an attitude, I'll be finished even before I've started. Besides, if I started misbehaving, my folks would give me a tight slap.
I believe in comfort and dressing according to my body type. I have a tall frame. So a lot of things suit me more than it would others.
Sometimes when I talk, I sound like a feminist because I get really angry when I hear certain things. For instance, a lot of families don't really educate their girls much while they educate their sons to the full extent. I think that's not fair.
I am sweet and diplomatic in real life.
It's better to focus on one film rather than take up two or three films at the same time.
Categorisation of actors has become outdated now.
I played a tomboy character in 'Dohchay.'
The title 'Dohchay' is very perfect for the film. It is used very well in the title track. If you see the film, you will understand it.
Sudheer Varma is very easy going and very confident director. He knows exactly what he wants. He has a very good vision and knows how many shots he wants for a scene. He is super fast. He gives freedom for actors to try different things. The atmosphere on the sets was never serious. We had great fun working together.
My mom keeps khabar of everything, so I don't feel lonely.
I auditioned for quite a lot of films. I do not wish to name the films I auditioned for. There were times when I knew I would not be fit for this film, or I would not get this film. Still, I used to audition for it just to get experience... to practice.
If you don't come from film family, it takes time for people to register you. When you don't come from film family, the connection with the audience takes time to build up; it happens eventually.
I have been a little lucky to get work. I know there are people who struggle a lot to get a film; I believe a lot in destiny. Things have fallen into place for me.
I am very instinctive when it comes to a script.
For me, my first hearing of the script matters. It has to excite me as an actor and as an audience.
I wasn't the most confident kid in school and college.
You have to face fears head on.
The more you do, the more you think, the better you get.
Even my family is shocked that I chose this profession.
I actually moved from engineering to acting. I think what's important is how talented and passionate you are.
My career is too short for there to be any turns! But I would say that not everyone is noticed and accepted in their debut films. I was accepted both by the industry and the audience.
I think less is more. Sephora has these nude themes, which is like 'no make-up' make-up.
In the mornings, I use a good moisturiser and a colouring lip balm. In the evenings, though, I like to go a little glam.
I am an engineer by profession, but I knew I wanted to act. My parents always encouraged me, and when my father shifted to Mumbai for work for a brief while, I came along.
The more successful you become, the more known you become, everything you say is minutely scrutinised a lot.
You really have to think a lot before speaking, and the things that are written about you, sometimes you might not like it.
I think I'm someone you would really break down easily, so I have to work on that.
The moment I lose weight, it shows on my face, and given how sharp my cheek bones are, it doesn't look good.
When I was young, I remember the first song I danced to was 'Akhiyan Milaon,' because I am a big fan of Madhuri Dixit.
I wouldn't have taken up modeling as a profession. It was more of a hobby.
In Hyderabad, I suppose my height does pique people's interest, but it's not like it's unacceptable. If you are confident about what you are doing, height doesn't make a difference. You can't be perfect in everything, you know!
I'm not much involved in sports, and I don't play, either.
Akshay Kumar and Prabhu Deva are a team that you always want to be a part of.
Actors don't have to be linked in real life for the chemistry to be translated on screen.
Whatever happens, happens for the better. I was meant to do 'Raabta.' Every film has its destiny, and it's the film that chooses you.
'Dilwale' has increased my audience reach; I have gained in every way possible.
I would love to do a biopic on Madhubala. She was very pretty. I really admire her.
I would love to play a completely negative character if it's backed by a super script.
My parents were never into films, but I hope to make them proud with my work some day. In any case, in Bollywood, your surname matters only till your first, second, or third film at most. Beyond that, you are on your own.
I have no particular inspiration, but I do find Anushka Sharma, Deepika Padukone and Kangana Ranaut amazing.
The journey from engineering to acting just happened. I guess some things are meant to be.
I think education is something that is very important no matter what you are doing. It makes you feel secure, independent, and helps you build confidence in yourself. It grooms your whole personality. So if it starts from the basic level; if the basic education that a girl and a boy receive is the same, I think a lot will change.
When I started doing advertisements, I really enjoyed the whole process of shooting, and I realised that I could do the little bit of acting required quite easily. My directors also told me that I have a flair for acting and that I should polish it and try for films. Then I thought I probably had it in me - why not give it a shot?
I would really like it if someone knows me more for a character that I've played. If they call out the character's name instead of mine by mistake, it would be lovely.
I don't like to limit myself as an actress.
I go with the flow of the film. I feel if it's the demand of the script, then you should do it.
It's scary to imagine yourself failing. But I do know that in Bollywood, every Friday changes your destiny, and unfortunately, every Friday also changes the way people look at you.
I think if you're talented and not desperate to do any film that comes your way, and are doing justice to all your roles, then you're fine, because you can't predict the rest. You also can't predict the audience's reaction.
I usually mug up my Telugu dialogues much before going to the sets every day.
I find the working pattern to be the same in Bollywood as well as Tollywood. Especially because most directors of photography from the Telugu industry operate in Bollywood, too.
My career is doing well both in Tollywood as well as Bollywood.
Star kids always get an upper hand at the start of their career. People in the industry often know them from the time they were toddlers, so they show support to them when their film is about to release.
It's sad to be constantly judged for every move you make after your first success. If you wear your hair differently, you have changed.
If you request for a little time to fulfill a commitment, you're accused of being arrogant. I repeat, I've achieved nothing to be arrogant about.
Luckily, for me, my first producer Sajid Nadiadwala treats both Tiger Shroff and me like his kids. He's very protective.
Modelling was never a career option for me; it was always a hobby. I was modelling while I was pursuing my B.Tech, so the obvious choice after finishing my studies was to do a job. But while I was modelling and doing TV commercials, I really loved being in front of the camera. I enjoyed the shooting process.
The first film is very important, and one needs to choose the right kind of debut project. I also think the second film is equally important, as it needs to be a notch higher.
I don't think one film is enough to showcase your talent or to show your abilities as an actor.
Fashion has been something that I have been really into since a very long time. Every girl likes dressing up, and I am that kind of a girl who take a little time to dress up. I love to dress up at occasions.
Sonam Kapoor has a great style.
I particularly like Shah Rukh Khan's style. He is very laid back and very comfortable with whatever he carries.
