Indian,Philosopher
Happiness radiates like the fragrance from a flower and draws all good things towards you.
Problems or successes, they all are the results of our own actions. Karma. The philosophy of action is that no one else is the giver of peace or happiness. One's own karma, one's own actions are responsible to come to bring either happiness or success or whatever.
The philosophy of life is this: Life is not a struggle, not a tension... Life is bliss. It is eternal wisdom, eternal existence.
Just think of any negativity that comes at you as a raindrop falling into the ocean of your bliss.
The kingdom of heaven is like electricity. You don't see it. It is within you.
Problems will disappear as darkness disappears with the onset of light.
There is one unity, unified wholeness, total natural law, in the transcendental unified consciousness.
Life finds its purpose and fulfillment in the expansion of happiness.
Being happy is of the utmost importance. Success in anything is through happiness.
What we have done, the result of that comes to us whenever it comes, either today, tomorrow, hundred years later, hundred lives later, whatever, whatever. And so, it's our own karma. That is why that philosophy in every religion: Killing is sin. Killing is sin in every religion.
Whatever we put our attention on will grow stronger in our life.
The important thing is this: to be able, at any moment, to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
When the conscious mind expands to embrace deeper levels of thinking, the thought wave becomes more powerful and results in added energy and intelligence.
The United States influences government and life everywhere else.
All world conflicts will be resolved if people listen to my advice.
Modern psychology has pointed to the need of educating people to use a much larger portion of the mind. Transcendental meditation fulfills this need. And it can be taught very easily.
You must learn to take life less seriously and to laugh.
The constitution of the universe is total natural law. 'Natural law,' we say from the field of science. 'Will of God,' we say from the field of religion. It's the same thing.
I am upset and completely disappointed in the government, the millionaires and billionaires in the U.S. See what's happening to the country? Look at all the health problems, the economy, the recession and crime.
Great amount of scientific research is there to show that health is better because transcendental meditation deals with consciousness, and consciousness is the basic value of all the physical expressions. The entire creation is the expression of consciousness.
Managers are the most creative people in the world.
To resolve problems through negotiation is a very childish approach.
Stress is the reason for crime and all other kinds of frustration. To relieve it will eliminate everything else.
The knowledge from an enlightened person breaks on the hard rocks of ignorance.
Monks are not expected to speak about themselves; the message is important, not the person.
Individual potential of life is cosmic potential. Individual is divine deep inside. Transcendental experience awakens that divinity in man. And when you kill a man you deprive him of that birthright of it.
