Indian,Actor
I would say the film world has stopped operating as one. We have divided it into Hindi movies, Bengali movies, Tamil movies and so on. Earlier, there was only one channel and we all knew what was going on. Today, it is hard to keep track of programmes due to the advent of regional channels.
My fans know me and love me the way I am. I don't want to lie to my fans.
I have maintained a low profile throughout my career but have always done things in my own unique way, be it dancing or dressing up. On the dance floor, I had my own unique steps and often had to lead my choreographer.
My fan following is intact. They only like to see me in movies, which I am still doing for them. I do not need to do any long interviews or chat shows.
I came into the industry as an actor. And moved on to become a star with the help of my dancing skills.
My son is a better dancer than me. I always try to encourage him in his endeavours.
I would like to produce films, but I feel I am an unsuccessful producer. That's the fact.
Film line is all about chance. I don't think much, I just like to take chances.
The success of the film should depend on its budget.
I like Hrithik Roshan and Shahid Kapoor. They are amazing and very hard working when it comes to dance.
Many Hindi films that are Tamil remakes rake in huge moolah in Bollywood.
I'm not a person who wants to die with my shoes on. I do not think I can be immortal. Maybe my deeds will be immortal. Not me.
People are often shy to acknowledge that they are Bengalis. They somehow take pride in saying that they cannot speak or read the language.
'Dance India Dance' is family to me. I actually miss the madness whenever the season is not on air.
I'm not into politics. I have received offers to enter politics, but I have not been tempted so far. I can't say about the future.
I'll campaign for anyone who's honest and who I like, irrespective of the party.
I get emotional when young people get nostalgic about my work. That's why it's called nostalgia. Sometimes I even cry.
Actors are born, good actors are trained. Dancers are born, good dancers are trained.
You can't expect a man to change in one day by watching a film, right?
West Bengal belongs to Bengalis. We should live here like a king and not as servants.
Fathers always play mahagurus to their children, and I am no exception.
I am evergreen, and with every passing day, I am becoming younger.
You become megastars when superstars start reprising your roles.
My children know I would never call anyone to give my son or daughter a break.
