Indian,Writer
People are so selfish. Those you help are the ones who turn against you.
Trees bear fruits only to be eaten by others; the fields grown grains, but they are consumed by the world. Cows give milk, but she doesn't drink it herself - that is left to others. Clouds send rain only to quench the parched earth. In such giving, there is little space for selfishness.
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments.
Like timidity, bravery is also contagious.
Secrets of the past! Who does not wish to keep the past locked in a cage like a ferocious beast? The rich are sleepless for fear of thieves. The respectable have to guard their reputations in the same way.
Trust is the first step to love.
What people think in their heart gets out, no matter how much they try to hide it.
To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees.
Parents are one's companions in life but not partakers of one's karma.
Boys are quite often whimsical. Whereas girls are modest by nature and know their responsibilities very well. Their weapons are service, sacrifice, and love, by which they conquer over the males.
A household can never appear prosperous without a cow. How auspicious it is to wake up in the morning to the mooing of your own cow!
As long as the shackles of wealth and property bind us, we will remain accursed forever and never attain the altar of humanity, which is life's ultimate goal.
Wealth and compassion are opposites.
We think these big people are very happy, but the truth is they are worse than us. We are just worried about one thing - hunger; they have a thousand worries.
I will not call that person happy who knows no rest because of his enemies, who is the butt of fun by all and for whom no one has any empathy, who is as if held on a leash by others, who has lost himself in hedonistic pursuits, who preys on those weaker to him and wags his tail for his superiors.
Illness and problems are the specialties of life. But the death of a child is a cause of mental agony which can be overcome if one concedes this world to be a stage or stadium wherein praiseworthy are those who are not proud of their achievement and those who do not cry at their defeat.
I believe that if man and woman cherish the same ideals and think alike, then the marriage can be complementary to each other's work instead of being a hindrance.
My life is simple and rough.
If there were a being in the world whose eyes could look into other people's hearts, very few men or women would be able to face up to it.
If brothers don't help each other in times of need, how do you think life will ever go on?
The world assumes that we are very happy with high mansions, fine carriages, servants and attendants, huge investments, and concubines. But he who is without the honor and strength of the soul can be anything but happy.
If someone ensures us two square meals a day, we will sing and pray all our waking hours. If one has to hoe sugarcane all day, devotion to God vanishes like smoke.
The first condition of marriage between a man and a woman is that both must belong to each other totally.
Since the day Brahma created the world to this day, no one's ever been able to satisfy a wedding guest. They always find some opportunity or other to find fault and criticise. One who can't even afford a dry piece of bread at home becomes a lord at the wedding party.
We all have to die some day. Not very many immortals have shown up in this world.
