Indian,Businesswoman
Education is not a tool for development - individual, community and the nation. It is the foundation for our future. It is empowerment to make choices and emboldens the youth to chase their dreams.
The lotus comes from the murkiest water but grows into the purest thing.
Everyday classroom teaching is not what children will remember, but how you made a difference in their lives.
As Indian women, we are always balancing work, life, home, etc. It's important to know that while juggling rubber balls and glass balls, the former may bounce back when you miss, but the glass balls will crack if you let them fall. So prioritise, prioritise, prioritise.
Sport is not just about entertainment. It is equally about winning and losing, pooling and galvanising the energy of the youth, upgrading people's physical fitness and mental prowess.
Motherhood is the most challenging as well as the utmost satisfying vocation in this world.
Indian classical dance is sustained by a profound philosophy. Form seeks to merge with the formless, motions seek to become a part of the motionless, and the dancing individual seeks to become one with the eternal dance of the cosmos.
At Reliance Foundation schools, we lay special emphasis on value-based education, sports, and overall development of students. That is why the teacher-students ratio is kept at a healthy 1:20 so that all children get proper attention in class.
Education is all about igniting young minds and enabling them to attain their fullest potential.
Every day, when I am working with my boys, I tell them as long as you put in your best efforts, I am there to back you. But the day I find your energy flagging on the field, the day I find you have not put in your best, that's when I will be really upset and sad.
While growing up, I lived in a traditional joint family in Mumbai's suburbs.
What I have learnt is that it is important to pursue your passion more than your legacy; if you have a passion with a purpose, then everything else fits in.
My husband is that rare man who is blessed with the ability to see the big picture but will not ignore the smallest detail. He will work an 18-hour day and still find time to help the kids with their homework.
As human beings, what we can do is extend help in whatever way possible.
I believe primary and secondary education is the bedrock of any sustainable society.
My background is that I came from a middle class family, and I think those values stay where ever you go.
India is now changing and regaining its lustre, and it is coming of age.
Every child has a right to education as much as to life, and every woman the right to live.
We have to join hands and fight against female infanticide, when life is snuffed out the minute people find out it is a girl.
Preventing female infanticide is equally important in protection of women's rights.
I like to have everything smiley and happy for my husband. Men don't want to see a grumpy face at the end of a hard day.
I was a teacher once.
When my kids were very young, I have seen them crying, as they didn't want to go to school.
Bio-technology is the science of the future.
Mukesh calls me his true life partner... I just enjoy being Mukesh's wife.
My father-in-law saw me at a dance performance. The next day, I got a phone call, and the caller said, 'I'm Dhirubhai Ambani... may I talk to Nita?' I said, 'It's a wrong number' and put down the phone. Then he called again... and I said, 'If you're Dhirubhai Ambani, then I'm Elizabeth Taylor.'
