Indian,Poet
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come.
Trees are the earth's endless effort to speak to the listening heaven.
Everything comes to us that belongs to us if we create the capacity to receive it.
Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them.
I have become my own version of an optimist. If I can't make it through one door, I'll go through another door - or I'll make a door. Something terrific will come no matter how dark the present.
Do not say, 'It is morning,' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name.
The water in a vessel is sparkling; the water in the sea is dark. The small truth has words which are clear; the great truth has great silence.
He who is too busy doing good finds no time to be good.
Facts are many, but the truth is one.
The flower which is single need not envy the thorns that are numerous.
What is Art? It is the response of man's creative soul to the call of the Real.
The burden of the self is lightened with I laugh at myself.
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.
The highest education is that which does not merely give us information but makes our life in harmony with all existence.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
Love is an endless mystery, for it has nothing else to explain it.
