Indian,Actor
I'm actually pretty shy in real life. But I guess in front of the camera, I focus.
I believe that working with good people matters because then the work environment is good. If there is a sense of respect and belief among the people you work with, that is when good work is done.
I am not here to beat anyone. I am here to make a name for myself, and I am glad to work with great directors. I don't believe in the term 'next superstar.'
I truly believe that God has given us few brain cells, and you have to direct them to the right things that make you happy.
I don't think you can force a moral opinion or you can force something through a Bollywood film.
I want to reach the heights of stardom beyond my imagination.
Today, the paparazzi are not just photographers: everyone has a cell phone with a camera. If they see an actor, they click pictures to show it to their friends or have it on their phones and, as an actor, I don't see anything wrong with it. Having said that, there is a limit that has been crossed, but there is nothing right or wrong.
We, after a certain age, after college, are so consumed about what we want to achieve in life, and we fiercely are ambitious and we go after that, but sometimes we tend to take all our loved and dear ones for granted.
I don't think I can speak of the achievements of Indian cinema because it's so large next to me. It's not stopping. It's ever-growing. We are going towards the right direction. We are evolving as a filmmaking industry as actors, directors, producers, singers, musicians. Everybody just pushing the boundaries.
At the end, it's your movie and your performance that stands out. So if I am a good actor, and if am being part of good entertaining engaging films, audiences will like me.
Half the time, people will be abusing me on Twitter, and half the time, somebody will be praising me. So either it will go to my head, or I will take it to my heart. So better I stay away from it.
'Bombay Velvet' is my most romantic film, it's my 'Titanic' or 'Gone With The Wind.'
There is always that one person in our lives who we deeply love, and that person can also destroy us.
Love is such that God grants us one person who we can spend the rest of our life with. It rarely happens that we don't.
I'm not being really intelligent in my film choices; I'm just landing the opportunity when it comes.
I come from a background where money has never been an issue.
I'm quite detached from failure and success. Once a shooting is done, I kind of close that chapter in my life.
I want to protect my life. I don't want my life to become a reality show.
What really matters is your movies and how good a person you are. Otherwise, tabloids and news channels writing about you only builds your curiosity and stardom and propels you to reach wider places.
Money has never been my drive. I have never seen the shortage of money in my life, so for me, I don't want to buy a silk pillow or a private jet... My drive is to achieve more than what my grandfather achieved; my drive is to make a name for myself, get rid of this 'star son' tag that has been attached to me.
To be honest, the core reason why I became an actor was that I didn't want to go to school. That's where it started. I hated opening my history books and my English books, but then, of course, you grow older. I went to film school in New York, and that's when you really realize that you have to grow up now. It's not child's play anymore.
I am young enough to try my hands at all kinds of cinema.
Happiness exists only if you have a lot of people to share it with.
I'm really close to my mother. She sacrificed a lot for me and my sister. She gave up her career. Whatever I am today is due to the values my mother instilled in me.
I watch 'Entourage.' I aspire the good life that they live and lead. Honestly, I am just trying to be me by trying to do good films, have fun at it and trying to work with good directors, and, of course, I am a bit of a silent party boy, also. I have my share of fun sometime, too.
I was never a bright student, potentially never good at dramatics; I was sometimes given one-line roles that I was happy to do so that I could bunk classes. My mother used to cry three times a year, and that is when my report card used to come.
My life has become a reality show. When I am home, people are climbing trees with cameras. I feel that my personal space is being encroached upon. I will try and protect it as much as I can.
I believe in the institution of marriage, but one can't fix a time for it. Please don't predict it for me.
I don't have any formula. I just work with my heart, putting in a lot of hard work.
My first film 'Saawariya' was a flop; I don't regret it.
'Saawariya' was my debut film. It will always be the most special film.
The chemistry of a pair on screen is known only when the audience reacts to it.
I would like to believe every man is a one-woman man.
I'm not a birthday person. Maybe because I don't like to build expectations around that one day. You never know how it'll turn out to be.
There is too much negativity on Twitter, and I want to stay from it. I don't have anything intelligent to say. Whatever I want to say, I will say it through my movies and interviews.
It's all because of my parents that I am gifted with such good looks and people get attracted to me. I have built an image in the industry, and because of that, I have so many female fans. I want to build my male fan following, too.
I feel old films should not be remade.
