Indian,Actor
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
Laziness isn't merely a physical phenomenon,about being a couch potato,stuffing your face with fries and watching cricket all day. It's a mental thing, too, and that's the part I have never aspired for.
There is no right time and right place for love... it can happen any time.
More than an actor, I am a performer... I'm a great believer - honestly so, shamelessly so, vulgarly so - that cinema is for entertainment. If you want to send messages, there's the postal service.
I do have a close circle of friends and I am very fortunate to have them as friends. I feel very close to them I think friends are everything in life after your family. You come across lots of people all the time but you only make very few friends and you have to be true to them otherwise what's the point in life?
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
I truly believe my job is to make sure people smile.
I know it's very idealistic and utopian, but I believe we need to just let everyone not be judged in terms of religion, groups or nations or region.
I talk to Allah, I pray to him.
Sometimes a lot of us men think we are doing everything for the woman we love, but there is an aspect of a woman a man doesn't understand.
Whenever I fail as a father or husband... a toy and a diamond always works.
Everyone has their own way of expressing happiness.
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard.
The line between what I really am, and what I am on reel, is slowly diminishing.
Even though I am fantastic looking, I am still quite intelligent.
If I talk to a girl, it's assumed that I'm having a scene with her. If I don't, then it's assumed that I'm gay.
In the world of creativity, laziness translates into an inability to be rigorous enough to create fearlessly. It makes us plagiarise or water our creativity down to make it more acceptable to the public.
I have never claimed to do the right kind of things and make politically correct statements.
Without hurting anybody, we all tend to laugh at others' discomfort. When someone slips on a banana skin and falls it's funny.
My favorite dish is tandoori chicken.
You know, I think we Indians are afraid to show and celebrate our happiness, lest things change around. But I feel that it's okay to be sad and okay to show when you are happy.
Whether people like it or not, my marketing thought is if you keep something in front of people for too long, they get used to it.
I work hard, like I'm sure everyone else does, and I'm very honest with the work I do.
I'm an actor, I'm not a politician.
The only time I don't work is when I am asleep.
Cinema in India is like brushing your teeth in the morning. You can't escape it.
I could lie and say my wife cooks for me, but she doesn't. My wife has never learnt cooking but she has great cooks at home.
As far as the public is concerned, India is amazingly secular.
As a matter of fact, I find the Western cinema very fantastic.
When I think back on it, of course I got lucky and got great directors and good breaks but all that was the physical part. But what made me a star was that I could take a chance and not have anything to worry about in terms of losing.
Youngsters are the most discerning audience. They want entertainment, they want issues.
I have no self-centeredness or ego about being a movie star.
I love being recognized, I love people liking me, I love the fact that people scream when I go out. I think I'll miss all that when it's taken away.
