Indian,Actress
I want to be a simple bride when I get married. I want a beach wedding where I am running around on the sand in a white dress.
Few people know that I am also an artist; I truly enjoy sketching and drawing.
Be comfortable; be you. What's most important is to understand what suits your body type and personality. Stick to that, and you can't go wrong!
To be very honest, I cannot drape a saree myself. I have never draped one on my own, ever. But it has been done on me so many times, that now I have memorised all the steps, and if someone challenges me, I will surely be able to do it.
I love my job. But I like to have fun at work. So I don't get finicky if one strand of hair is standing out in a shot. I don't get finicky about broken nails. I don't let small things affect me. I'm not perfect. Nobody is. There's no fun in being perfect. I enjoy my work; there's no pressure on me.
I am aloof by nature. I mind my own business. I'm good with everyone, and I get along fine with people. But work is work, and friendship is friendship. I never mix the two.
I think I have broken the mould that actresses have to be extremely thin on screen. All those who are making my weight an issue just prove that people are jealous. These are people who have nothing to do in life except to stare at their computer screens and make comments on us.
I've never had to fight for a role. Call it my ego or my self-respect, but I won't pick up the phone and call a producer and fight or ask for a role. That's not me. I've always got the best, and my work speaks for itself.
In this perfect world, there are certain imperfections that catch your eye. That's what works for me. I don't concentrate on being perfect, but instead put that effort behind my craft and being true to myself. I don't conform to pressures outside of me. I am confident about myself.
I like to unwind by doing nothing. If I do get a day, I just like to vegetate and laze around.
My brothers always like to believe that my father pampered me and I am spoilt. While it is not true, they felt that way. As for my dad, I could not do anything wrong. So, if I did something wrong, I would put the blame on them, and he would shout at them.
I believe one doesn't have to shed clothes to look sexy!
I want to be talked about for the films I am doing rather than a party I attended, the dress I wore, and the men I may have met and dated. In any case, by and large I think I have spoken about more for the profession I am in than my personal life. That's the way I like it because frankly, I don't really have a personal life to begin with.
There's really not much that people can pick on me for my work, so obviously they find other reasons to write something bad about me. I mean, people enjoy reading bad stuff about people.
The audience for 'Lootera' is far less than for my other kind of films. Just because I pulled it off doesn't mean I will change my tastes. I love to watch masala films, and I love to sing, dance and say those larger-than-life dialogues. But whenever I get a chance, and I really feel the connect, I will do a performance-oriented film.
I never did films for the money or because I needed to buy a house or car. I do it because I love my job.
Hits and flops will come and go. But what stays with you is the experience you had while shooting a film. I am happy learning something new each time.
I don't know what I am doing tomorrow. But I know one thing for sure: the day I stop enjoying my work, I will pack up and leave.
I've done two remakes, 'Rowdy Rathore' and 'Son of Sardaar,' and I see nothing wrong with it. The originals were in a language that not everyone understands, so when you're making it in another language, you can reach a much wider audience. That's how I look at it.
My opinion is that you cannot really blame cinema for the result of what is somebody's mindset. I think it's just entertainment. For me, I've always believed in doing things that I can sit and watch with my family. So far I think I've stuck to that, and I will also in the future.
I don't pick my roles based on what clothes I have to wear. I pick roles because of the character I have to portray, and the public have enjoyed seeing me in those roles.
Salman Khan is the best co-star that I could have ever started off with. He's very supportive, very chilled out and very nice to work with, so working with him was a great start to my career.
I didn't intend to even become an actor. I was studying fashion, and I think acting just happened by chance. It really felt more like I was watching a movie from outside, like it was happening to someone else. It's been a great journey so far.
So far, yes, I have been doing only commercial films because those are the kind of films that came my way. Those are the kind of films that I liked, but definitely I'm open to doing other kinds of cinema as well, and if something comes along - if I like a character - then I would definitely do something off-beat or edgy.
I do my work to the best of my capacity. I don't pick a role looking at its length. I take up a film because I would like to see it.
I have a pretty active presence on social networking sites, and every day there are messages from so many young girls telling me that they are happy B-Town has curvy women like me. I feel you should be happy the way you are. Of course, fitness is important, but not to the extent of obsession!
