American,Public Servant
Through the marginalization of black fathers and encouragement of destruction lifestyle choices, the progressive Left has cut off one of the lifelines to raising healthy, happy, children intent on bettering themselves and their community.
The members of Black Lives Matter Movement are 'subhuman creeps.'
Don't blame the police for having to deal aggressively due to underclass dysfunctional lifestyles brought on by failed liberal Democrat policies that keep blacks mired in a position of living life at the bottom.
We as a people need to declare that we stand with rule of law and not with the false tales of the revolutionary Marxist forces, who most recently have rebranded themselves from Occupy Wall Street to Black Lives Matter.
My dad used to tell me, 'Look, son, opportunity does not come knocking.' It's usually running down the street, and you have to chase it down, you have to tackle it, and then you have to hang on to it.
Now, can some cops be overbearing, rude? Yeah. But we have a process for that. Do what the officer tells you to do, and file a complaint. That's the process. You don't attack a police officer on the street or resist arrest because you think you're being hassled.
Black Lives Matter is proving itself to seek only one end - and that is discord, alienation among Americans, rise in hate, and destruction of community bonds. The relative increase in justice afforded black Americans is of little concern, save as a convenient veneer for their anti-democratic mission.
In his personal life, Donald Trump shows that even when a family faces difficulties, the role of the father must remain strong - his children are a testament to the fact that a father who remains engaged can overcome many odds and set children on the right path.
I would like to make something very clear: Blue Lives Matter!
Police use of deadly force is rare in America. You wouldn't know that by listening to some of the blowhards out there: the newspaper, the mainstream media, the race hustlers. They make it seem like this stuff happens several times a day. It's rare.
There is no police brutality.
Black Lives Matter has no more to do with black issues than Students for a Democratic Society had to do with democracy. They are means to an end, and they use the black population as sacrifices for their goals.
I believe in limited government. I know what the welfare state has done to the black community.
The only reason black lives matter to the Left is to secure election majorities at election time. That is the only reason that black lives matter.
The Democrats take the black vote for granted so they don't have to appeal to anything... I haven't heard Mrs. Clinton talk about the urban pathologies in the American ghetto that are the result of progressive urban policies - failed policies.
Playing the race card is done as if it were some kind of sport.
Stand by the side of law enforcement, the men and women who are often the only semblance of hope and justice in the crime-ridden inner cities.
Because of Rudy Giuliani's policies of reducing crime in New York City, tens of thousands of black men, women, and children are alive today that wouldn't have been otherwise.
I'm a cop at heart - it's in my blood.
Growing up a career cop, I was always taught, 'Stay out of politics.' I didn't have any particular allegiance to any particular party.
For a label for me, 'conservative' is more appropriate than 'Republican.'
I'm result-oriented, and our neighborhoods will never prosper if we don't keep criminals from victimizing families.
I think that Eric Holder has an animosity, a genuine hostility, toward local law enforcement - specifically toward white police officers. He truly believes that every white police officer is a stone-cold racist.
This anti-cop sentiment from this hateful ideology called Black Lives Matter has fueled this rage against the American police officer.
American law enforcement officers understand that race is and has been a heated issue in our country. Most appreciate the vital need for thoroughness and transparency in pursuit of the greater good in their actions and in their investigations.
What we witnessed in Ferguson, in Baltimore, and in Baton Rouge was a collapse of social order. So many of the actions of the Occupy movement and Black Lives Matter transcend peaceful protest and violates the code of conduct we rely on. I call it anarchy.
