American,Public Servant
These are estimates that are done by the experts as to how much they expect we could get from the first lease sale that would take place in ANWR, and the estimate is about $2.5 billion.
We do have serious energy needs for the country, we are aware that natural gas is especially in demand because of its air quality benefits: 90 percent of new power plants have been natural gas-powered.
The developers, if they decide to move a tortoise, have to pay the long-term costs for enhancing the areas that take care of the tortoise, and it gives us the opportunity to manage an area that is going to be protected.
I spend a year at the Hoover Institute at Stanford, researching market approaches to air pollution control.
I think that our cooperative conservation approaches get people to sit down and grapple with problem solving.
Human beings are going to be relying on natural resources for a long time.
Why has it seemed that the only way to protect the environment is with heavy-handed government regulation?
We have vastly increased the amount of funding that is available for conservation partnerships.
Predators make it much more difficult to find consensus. It's a lot easier to agree about birds and plants than about animals that endanger people and livestock.
Especially with the predators, one of the things that gets these programs going on a local level is for our land management agencies to build partnerships with surrounding communities and landowners.
Our responsibility for BLM lands is multiple-use, meaning a variety of needs and uses.
What's near and dear to my heart is cooperative conservation.
I think the greatest challenge in environmentalism and the most rewarding challenge is trying to figure out how humans can meet their needs while protecting the environment.
Local innovation and initiative can help us better understand how to protect our environment.
We also know that China and India, as their economies ramp up, are using more and more energy.
Growing up in Denver, I'm sure it started with loving the Colorado mountains.
I think today we recognize that economic activity needs to search for ways to protect the environment.
In Washington, there's always an effort to label people.
I was a little too young to be a hippie.
I started out as a Democrat.
My schedulers keep getting driven crazy by the fact that they can't fit hikes in my schedule.
