Algerian,Public Servant
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand.
There is a story which is not being told strongly enough of the Afghan employees of the UN inside the country who are saving hundreds of thousands of lives everyday by their bravery and nobody talks of them.
In the globalized world that is ours, maybe we are moving towards a global village, but that global village brings in a lot of different people, a lot of different ideas, lots of different backgrounds, lots of different aspirations.
When you go from one place to another, you go with experience, you don't go with prescriptions.
The events of September 11 and what has happened since have made people understand that even a small, distant and far away country like Afghanistan cannot be left to break up into anarchy and chaos without consequences for the whole world.
People now realize that globalization is not only for the multi-nationals and the circulation of money.
Several million people inside and outside Afghanistan are destitute and desperately in need of help.
However, it does seem now that the international community, more importantly the powers that have influence, and, even more importantly, Afghanistan's neighbors realize that it is high time that they work together, and not against one another.
It also seems that the Afghans themselves want to avail themselves of this opportunity and all recognize that the UN is uniquely qualified to help bring them together.
The third point is that for some time the UN has been talking about helping Afghanistan in the reconstruction of the country but there has never been any real commitment by the international community to provide resources for that.
There is a firm, clear commitment to provide resources and ideas to enable us to organize the Afghans towards starting the process of rehabilitation and reconstruction.
Probably I understand very much the people who rise against injustice.
There is also a natural and very, very strong empathy with the underdog, with people who have suffered, people who have been pushed around by foreigners in particular, but also by their own people.
What again I tell my people is that no matter how much you know, it's never enough. You will always discover, after the fact, that you've missed something.
Of course the UN brings in a lot of moral authority.
The mandate you go with is intimidating and also is a source of respect that you gain, because you have come with this mandate from the United Nations.
There is an expression now that is commonly used about these so-called internal conflicts which are not really internal, because they have connections to the outside world.
Afghanistan is a land-locked country.
A fly cannot go in unless it stops somewhere; therefore weapons, fuel, food, money will not go to Afghanistan unless the neighbors of Afghanistan are working, are cooperating, either being themselves the origin or the transit.
But I knew that what had happened was an eye-opener not only to the United States but also to Pakistan, who realized that after what has happened on the 11th of September, it was simply impossible to continue to play those games in Afghanistan.
To leave Afghanistan as a playground for terrorists and adventurers was simply not possible anymore.
So, the international community are all the countries that are important: the United States definitely everywhere; the European Union because it is very important, and also, they do show a great deal of international responsibility; and then the local players.
There is an element of luck, there is an element of trial and error, sometimes you fail, sometimes you succeed. It's not as beautifully simple as it may seem when we are talking about it.
There again, that is a fundamental principle: no two situations are alike.
You are dealing with people who have taken the responsibility of killing their own because they think that they are right, they think that they are serving the interests of their people. They not going to give that up easily, just because you've shown up.
I think a failed state is the responsibility of the people who have made that state fail, and those are generally the people of that country.
