American,Public Servant
I'm a nice guy, but people want to kill me.
I think one of the biggest scams in law enforcement is the monitor.
The NYPD has too urgent a mission and too few officers for us to waste time and resources on broad, unfocused surveillance. We have a responsibility to protect New Yorkers from violent crime or another terrorist attack - and we uphold the law in doing so.
As a city, we have to face the reality that New York's minority communities experience a disproportionate share of violent crime.
I think the American public can accept the fact if you tell them that every time you pick up the phone it's going to be recorded and it goes to the government. I think the public can understand that.
For some, the very act of intelligence gathering seems illegitimate when applied to the crime of terrorism.
A broad base of knowledge is critically important to our ability to investigate terrorism.
If terrorists aren't limited by borders and boundaries, we can't be, either.
I don't think I've become arrogant. I'm pretty much the same person. I think the world has changed. I think I'm pretty consistent. Because you stick to what you believe does not make you arrogant.
David Cohen is without a doubt one of the best - if not the best - public servant I've ever encountered.
Since 9/11, some of the most violent terrorists we've encountered were radicalized or recruited at universities.
The federal government is doing less than it is lawfully entitled to do to protect New York City, and the City is less safe as a result.
If you want to be a cop, it's not for everybody, no question about it, but there's no place like New York City.
I like music, a lot of different types of music.
I don't think I have the demeanor to be a politician. I'm used to making decisions and to a certain extent being in charge.
Consensus building doesn't necessarily fit with my experience.
A small number of people and groups control the Democratic primary.
It's dangerous to write people off just because they've been arrested.
All terrorism is theater.
In New York City we have the biggest police force in the country. We have 35,000 uniformed officers. We're able to mass officers in significant numbers if we had to.
I think, as a nation, we didn't learn our lessons from the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993. We should have been more careful in a whole host of areas.
New Yorkers are real gritty and tough.
You have multiple intelligence agencies. They all ultimately report to the director of national intelligence but, you know, it never comes in neat packages. So you have to make judgments on what you have, and it's not easy to do.
You can't separate the two, being a parent, being a cop.
I don't watch cop movies much. I TiVo shows. I watch every Larry David show.
The stark reality is that crime happens in communities of color.
