American,Public Servant
Donald Trump has created a movement; my job is to keep momentum behind it, keep it growing for the 2018 challenge.
There is no fairness out there. There is no balance in the media.
I am good at raising money.
It's very easy to unite a party around opposition or wanting to get the White House back. That's a unifying message, and you're seeing the Democrats uniting around being the party of 'no' and the party of 'resist.'
We have to keep this new coalition of Trump voters engaged. And they represent Democrats, more independents, and people who hadn't voted for a long time because they lost their faith in government.
I'm a Republican; I'd say I'm a conservative Republican. My job as RNC chair is to elect Republicans all across this country.
I'm a suburban mom. I grew up in Oakland County, Michigan.
Donald Trump has added a whole different factor that we've never seen before, but the audience loves it.
I think, more than anything, in times of crisis we should be shedding party labels.
I'm going to support the candidate that the voters chose. The voters get to choose who's best to represent them.
Our national security is in a place where even my kids are concerned about things like ISIS when they hear about terrorist attacks on American soil.
The recount in Michigan is over. The election is over. Our next president is Donald J. Trump. Winning once was nice. But winning twice was huge.
On the House side, typically the party that has the White House loses the majority in the midterms - that's been the historic trend. We want to buck that trend. We want to deliver for President Trump majorities in the House and the Senate so that he can govern.
The House Intelligence Committee and the Senate Intelligence Committee are investigating everything having to do with Russia, and I expect we will find there is nothing there when it comes to the Trump campaign.
The RNC, per our bylaws, cannot engage in primaries. That is not our role. We actually have a rule that prohibits us from picking a candidate in the primaries.
It's very unfortunate to see the amount of obstruction the Democrats have put forward. There has not been a point since the beginning of President Trump's term that they have said, 'Let's come to the table. Let's work with you.' Even when they see their own constituents suffering because of their failing healthcare.
Between 2012 and 2016, Donald Trump earned 14,000 more votes than Mitt Romney did in Detroit. It was wonderful to have a candidate in our party come to Detroit and campaign and actually show up and invest time there even though he probably didn't think he was going to win Detroit.
That's something I believe in as the Republican chair - that we have to continue outreach to every American because I firmly believe our policies and our principles and the way we govern is better for every American.
If we can find a way to enforce our laws and keep people from coming into our country illegally while maintaining a strong legal immigration system, I think that's going to benefit everyone. If you come here illegally, and you commit a crime, you're not going to be able to stay in our country.
I'm calling for an end to the investigations about President Trump's campaign colluding with the Russians. There's been no evidence of it. I don't think that should continue.
The only group that is less self-aware than Hillary Clinton is the media.
They said a Republican could never win Michigan. I knew better, you knew better, and Donald Trump knew better. We all know - never underestimate Michigan.
A lot of times, with campaigns or parties, things are cyclical. We need a long-term strategy on how we continue to engage that goes beyond chair to chair. Always, you are balancing resources with your strategy because you have to win elections.
The future is female right now in the Republican Party. Kellyanne Conway just ran the first successful presidential race in history as a woman. I am the second woman ever to lead the Republican National Committee.
I'm a firm believer if you do the right thing, the American people will notice.
If there were things I felt the White House needed to be doing differently, I'd probably call them. I have a saying, and I had this in Michigan as chair, which is, 'We're a family.' When you have a difference of opinion in your family, you don't go on 'Jerry Springer'; you pick up the phone, and you call your family member.
