American,Public Servant
Since I was first nominated to serve as Treasury Secretary, I have been maligned as taking advantage of others' hardships in order to earn a buck. Nothing could be further from the truth.
I understand what needs to be done to fix the economy.
I did not use a Cayman Island entity to avoid paying taxes for myself.
Proprietary trading does not belong in banks with FDIC insurance.
There will be a big tax cut for the middle class. But any tax cuts we have for the upper class will be offset by less deductions that will pay for it.
As treasury secretary, I don't see it as my role commenting on the dollar in short-term movements.
We were the first bank to start a loan modification at IndyMac and had a very good record of working with the regulators.
I have been maligned as taking advantage of others' hardship in order to make a buck. Nothing could be further from the truth.
There is no question: the Hollywood crowd predominantly supports Democrats.
I've been focused on the West Coast economy and being a banker and lending in these markets.
I will maintain the position that, long-term, a strong and dependable dollar is in the best interests of the United States while recognizing that, at times over the long-term, that may not be the case.
I think the United States is the greatest country in the world to invest in.
I fully believe that the U.S. has the obligation to honor its debt.
The IndyMac name had a lot of brand recognition - maybe for the wrong reasons, but there was recognition.
I've always believed in supporting the best candidate at the time.
We gotta get Fannie and Freddie out of government ownership. It makes no sense that these are owned by the government and have been controlled by the government for as long as they have.
I would say the No. 1 problem with the Volcker Rule is it's too complicated, and people don't know how to interpret it.
Any reductions we have in upper-income taxes will be offset by less deductions so that there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.
The most troubling loan we had was actually to the 'Octomom'. That was a terrible situation, and we worked very, very hard to move her to another home that they could afford.
From time to time, an excessively strong dollar may have negative short-term implications on the economy.
The strength of the dollar has historically been tied to the strength of the U.S. economy and the faith that investors have in doing business in America.
A stronger dollar increases U.S. dollar purchasing power.
To the extent the dollar gains strength relative to other currencies, assets priced in those other currencies would become cheaper on a dollar basis.
We're going to cut corporate taxes, which will bring huge amounts of jobs back to the United States.
I think that the United States is the greatest country in the world to invest in.
We're really going to be focused on economic growth and creating jobs, and that's really going to be a priority.
I earnestly feel terrible for any mistakes at the bank.
I would deal with President Trump's business no different than I would deal with any other business that comes before the committee.
I wish the company and its associates all the best as Sears Holdings continues on its transformation.
The way to reduce the debt is by economic growth.
I've had several different careers.
Any time I hear 'border adjustment,' I don't love it. Because usually it means we're going to get adjusted into a bad deal.
We should address the issues for nonprofits and pensions and why they need to invest in these offshore funds.
We want to make sure that tax reform doesn't increase the size of the deficit.
The administration will look at Glass-Steagall and what I referred to as the 21st-century Glass-Steagall as part of regulatory reform.
One of the big problems we had during the financial crisis was the intermingling of banks and holding companies and complex securities.
We are going to have an integrated plan and work closely between commerce and treasury to make sure that we drive growth in this country. Our number one priority is sustained 3-4% GDP.
If you look at Apple... They are sitting on hundreds of billions of dollars in cash, and they go out and borrow money against their overseas bank accounts. This makes no sense.
We want to see huge growth in this economy in small- and medium-sized businesses.
We want to cut the corporate taxes, which will bring back growth.
Our first priority is to cut taxes.
Let me tell you, one of the most proud aspects of my career was buying Indymac during the financial crisis.
I used to have a pseudonym for Twitter, and I'm trying to get my check to verify me.
We need a president that's going to be focused on growth.
