American,Public Servant
Job training empowers people to realize their dreams and improve their lives.
While natural disasters capture headlines and national attention short-term, the work of recovery and rebuilding is long-term.
Day after day, ordinary people become heroes through extraordinary and selfless actions to help their neighbors.
Savings is an important tool because it can help the poor deal with the ups and downs of irregular earnings and help them build reserves for a rainy day.
No innovation in the past 200 years has done more to save lives and improve health than the sanitation revolution triggered by invention of the toilet. But it did not go far enough. It only reached one-third of the world.
At Walmart, we recognize the need to support the development of our nation's youth.
'Putting People First' was progressivism revived and at its best.
We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to those who serve or have served in our country's military, as well as to the families of those individuals. Whether protecting our freedoms in foreign fields or making contributions here at home, the value these men and women bring to the American workforce and our way of life is beyond measure.
To get the most from agricultural resources, poor farmers' needs must come first, guiding investment strategies and forming the yardstick for gauging results.
In Mexico, a network of government-operated rural convenience stores is offering banking services to rural communities.
Banks can't recoup the costs of serving customers who save in small amounts and transact frequently.
I kind of have never thought about a career path, which is an unusual approach.
There are so many local nonprofits making a positive impact every day, and yet, oftentimes we don't hear enough about them or their needs.
In an age when stagecraft, gauzy themes, and sound-bites have too often been substituted for leadership, Bill Clinton as a candidate made it essential to campaigning to take the specifics of governance seriously. Practical solutions were 'in;' ideology was 'out.'
Somewhere in Rwanda, a rural farmer is dreaming of providing an education for her children. Not just high school, but maybe even a university degree. Such a dream used to seem out of reach.
Empowering small farmers to increase productivity, improve crop quality and access reliable markets is critical to addressing global hunger and poverty.
Medical attention and emotional support can be difficult to obtain for those in need, yet both are essential to nurturing healthy futures year round and especially during the holiday season.
One in six people in the U.S. at some point each year don't know where their next meal will come from.
Walmart is committed to fighting hunger in America every day.
Certainly it is much easier to think about negotiating and having deals when there is a singular represented point of view. That pretty much is a given.
When nonprofits, companies and consumers work together, we believe we can make long term, positive change for the millions of people in America who struggle with hunger.
Where the federal government and the taxpayer has had funds misused, we need to use the full extent of the law to get those funds back for the taxpayer.
Health care costs are an issue both for the government and for our larger economy.
In one month, the Small Business Administration does $1 billion of loans and guarantees for businesses; many of those are women-owned businesses.
My mother at the age of 65 decided she was going to run for mayor. She had never run for public office, and she decided she wanted to try and do some things for the community.
Big meetings and big talk are not enough in a world that is hungry for change. Big action - world leaders keeping their promises, and developing countries committing resources while listening ardently to the voice of the small farmer - is needed to bring big results and prosperity to the world's poor.
