Danish,Designer
The implementation of autonomous driving needs a whole new rethinking. To really make it an attribute for society, we really need to think differently about where and when and how we implement this.
I probably have a very controversial view on autonomous driving versus anybody else in the auto industry. I don't believe that it makes any sense for an automaker to develop autonomous driving.
If you think about jeans or phones or television, we are used to new brands popping up right and left. But in the car industry, we grew up with Mercedes, BMW, General Motors, and Ford, and nobody can remember during his or her upbringing a new car brand coming to life.
The car industry has invested a lot in hybrid, but my opinion is electric cars will take over a lot of hybrids quicker than people think now.
In this industry, you have to have passion. It's tough; there's no mercy. But I just love cars - I love to bring a new car to market. And every time I do this, it gets a little easier.
We designed a car that is for daily commutes and that you charge every day. The less you use the gasoline engine, the better mpg. Essentially, the Karma can achieve dramatic savings and low CO2 output when used as intended, as a daily commuter.
We believe that there are many buyers who want a stylish, sporty car that sends a positive message about their concern for the environment as they drive it down the street.
At a European auto show, I had someone from a German car company come up to me and say the Karma should cost $125,000, not $87,900, but our development process lets us lower the costs. I guarantee it's profitable.
I've always wanted to design a Mustang. I just never really had the opportunity in my career because the timing was never right.
I remember, as a kid, riding in the back of my dad's old Saab 95 in Denmark. We were on the highway, and suddenly this silver Maserati Bora came upon us, then passed. At the time, to me, this car looked like a spaceship.
I believe there's still room for the dream a lot of people in the industry have - to design and build your own cars.
Design - pure beauty - will be number one at Fisker Coachbuild. We want to bring beautiful, desirable cars to the market, limit the production of each model, and do so with the highest quality.
I have a 100-mile round trip commute on some of the nations' busiest roads and enjoy every minute of it.
You always have to stimulate the senses.
When I was at BMW and Aston Martin, I realized how difficult and how many resources it takes to create a car - let alone a car company.
A painting doesn't have to have a real usability other than you looking at it. Obviously, a car, an engine, or battery has to fit people's needs.
I like to come up first of all with a free idea, thinking about and obviously understanding what is necessary for it to become a car.
Once investors come in, it's hardly your company anymore!
One of the big failures for the big auto companies is that even the CEO and the top management often don't understand design and manufacturing. As a CEO, you have to make decisions; you need to have knowledge.
The car is the most regulated thing in the world. It's more complicated to make a car than it is to send a rocket to space.
The biggest challenge is to build the team and start the company, while hiring people, raising money, building a brand which has no history, all at the same time. You're doing a lot of things that in an established company are already done.
I could imagine that boats sailing in harbors will only use electric engines. And then once they are out in the water they will use diesel.
Any car designer always dreams about designing their own car - if they say they don't, they're lying... For me, it was never about starting my own company just to make another car.
I like doing business with people in India.
I want to explore the existing manufacturing abilities of Indian companies and create products together.
My motivation for starting Fisker was simple: I thought there must be a market for beautiful, exciting, fast, environmentally friendly cars. The car is probably the only product you can still fall in love with and have a relationship with.
