Danish,Musician
I find it a very, very powerful thing to be yourself and not to try and be something else and to use that as your biggest shield and your biggest attack in the world - to just be you.
I don't know how to thank all the people listening to our music. It's so amazing to come home to my friends who resist conformity, because they're so happy that I've made it.
I'll probably stay in Copenhagen... I can keep writing songs about my local community and about crime.
We're talking about growing up in regular families, dreaming about better things, instead of popping bottles in the club and spending a lot of money that you don't have while living in your mother's basement.
I grew up with nothing, and I know that I don't need anything to be happy. We were wearing second-hand clothing and eating leftovers, and I was so happy. Five-star hotels and private pick-ups hasn't changed that.
We've had to be escorted out of venues, things like that. We get security guards now.
Our art, in a sense, is quite revolutionary.
It's not that I'm trying to write another '7 Years' or a new version of 'Mama Said.' Songs just kind of come out of nowhere, and you need to catch them when they do.
I think it's an important thing, if you grew up in a neighbourhood that's different from the rest of the world, to remember what was different about your place and keep that in your heart, because that's what made you.
I never watched any award show.
It's always more fun when something happens outside of a script.
When we perform music at TV shows, we always try to do something that's not scripted because anything that's a surprise for the audience and the crew and the other performers, it works better on camera and for the people back home, too.
The neighborhood where I live has little canals, and there are a lot of houseboats there.
Seeing my child born is so much more important than anything else I've got going on.
I always saw law as a performance, just like being on a stage.
I just thought it would be awesome to become a lawyer, especially being from a neighborhood seeing the police rough up so many people unnecessarily, people who haven't done nothing. Growing up with kids from dysfunctional families and stuff, I just felt that some kind of difference could be done. And now I'm getting to do it with music instead.
If I moved to L.A., I wouldn't move to a ghetto neighborhood. I'd move to some posh, fancy place.
I've always wanted to release records in America. That's where I believe the music belongs, and the style and the eclectic musical mix that we put together kind of belongs here.
Listening to all these different musical genres from all over the world and listening to my father's record collection, the Irish folk influences from home. Of course they're all in there somewhere hiding within the lyrics and melodies. But rap music was the biggest influence on my way of writing and my performing.
If it was up to me, it would be nice not ever to get stopped on the street, because we just do music. I didn't do this to become a celebrity.
I don't think I can remain anonymous for that much longer. It was fun while it lasted. Very fun.
I really like singing. I believe that if I wasn't a good singer, I would have been tossed out of school.
My biggest influence is rap. It spoke to me, probably because of my upbringing in Christiania. You listen to 'The Chronic' and you can hear that anger and frustration.
I was writing rap at 12 years old and began writing songs as a 20-year-old. I think I wrote my first song in the winter of 2008-2009, when I was in Buenos Aires. I was writing about growing up and my boys back home.
When my dad died, my world crumbled.
What hit me in the gut about hip-hop was that someone else grew up tough enough to be angry at the entire system.
Graham was my father's second name, so I took Graham because Lukas Graham sounded cool.
The songs were there before the band was there, and it's my songs. And it's like, we're not in the 1950s. We can't call ourselves, like, 'The Revolvers' - it just doesn't work that way. And 'The Lukas Graham Band' just sounded wrong.
I don't mind Ed Sheeran, but I wouldn't want to be compared to a guy that builds his song around a guitar, since we do not have a guitar in our band.
I get emotionally spent answering questions about my dead father and my criminal friends and my upbringing in a hippie environment in a marginalized community.
The furthest I can see is me being 60.
Writing is very cathartic for me.
I write about what happens in my life - and my dad's passing was a huge blow to me.
A part of me understands why a mother is equally proud of all her children, but that little boy inside me just wants my mom to say, out loud but even just to me, 'I'm a little bit prouder of you.'
I don't like the whole 'slander, slander' conversation that most political debates are these days. So I tend to keep my political standpoint not to myself, but just relatively private.
