Danish,Chef
People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy.
Take a trip to the forest and experience the greatness of getting on your knees and picking your own food and going home... and eating it.
When you start at catering college, nobody prepares you for a book tour or public speaking.
Chefs have a new opportunity - and perhaps even an obligation - to inform the public about what is good to eat, and why.
All of the people who work in the kitchen with me go out into the forests and on to the beach. It's a part of their job. If you work with me you will often be starting your day in the forest or on the shore because I believe foraging will shape you as a chef.
Fine dining is an occasional treat for most people.
When you get close to the raw materials and taste them at the moment they let go of the soil, you learn to respect them.
I think that in our part of the world, Scandinavia, we are one of the pioneers of showing that gastronomy can be something - high gastronomy can be something very, very present and doesn't have to involve, you know, what is perceived as the normal luxury items that belong in a high gastronomy restaurant.
There is no conflict between a better meal and a better world.
There's no media training. In cooking school, there's not even manager training. You learn the fundamentals of cooking. Everything else is learning by doing.
Appetite as it relates to the human being, the person. How do you find appetite for what you do? How do you relate to appetite? How do you get appetite, not only for a meal but also to do the work you do?
I only have the restaurant. If I do other things, it's only to do with the restaurant.
I can't crack jokes because I don't have any.
The restaurant industry is brutal.
If you see how a plant grows and you taste it in situ you have a perfect example of how it should taste on the plate.
I never cooked at home - my father was the chef.
Fifteen years ago, France was the promised land of cooking. So I looked at a map, found five restaurants and faxed them to ask for a job. Within five minutes, I got a reply from the then three- star Le Jardin des Sens in Montpellier.
I started my cooking 'career' aged 15, almost 20 years ago. At the time it was quite a shock suddenly working 75 to 80 hours a week, without time to play football or other sports.
I'm a bit of a glutton - I eat too much of all that is good to eat.
If you see someone in the kitchen that has good hands and a quick brain, then you need that person to be in the front of everything.
I know every movement of my kitchen.
I had turned down other head chef jobs. I didn't want to take over someone else's cuisine. I wanted to start from scratch.
A gastronomical supermeal didn't necessarily have to involve the things I had brought from other top kitchens.
I've never had anything but the freedom to do what I wanted just as long as it made me happy.
When people are grownups they're grown ups. They make their own decisions you know.
I still cook at home. A lot of chefs I think don't cook at home. But I still do, I love cooking at home, I love having friends.
