Royalty
Personally, fresh air and exercise help me stay healthy and make me feel great!
I'm never afraid of using bold colors or glitter or a stronger lipstick.
To have a natural, healthy glow, you need to spend as much time as you can outside - if you stay locked up in an office, it can take a toll on your mind and body.
It's very important to feel good in my clothes. I like fashion that suits me. I don't take it too seriously.
I need both to feel good: the energy of the city and the quietness of the country.
I'm not a princess. My mother is, not I. I am the niece of a head of state. And with this status, I have some representational duties - nothing very constraining or very exceptional.
Eventing is way too dangerous. People get killed every year doing cross-country.
I do not represent any product or any collection.
Competing in show jumping is a school of life. And it's one of the few Olympic sports where men and women are equal.
Being a great horseman does not rely on physical strength but more on the mind and sensibility.
When I ride, I always like to look neat.
I've been riding since I was maybe three or four. Ponies at first, and then I've really always been doing it since.
Riding uses so many different muscles. I ride two to three horses a day, and I ride almost every day when I'm not working or traveling. You use your legs, your arms, your back. It's a very complete sport.
I have no particular formula for staying private.
I am fortunate in having people around me who protect me.
It is natural for me not to explain my private life or to answer any questions about my private life.
Riding clothes are ageless and timeless, and I love to incorporate that comfort and elegance in my life.
It's not a question of size, of whether it's a small or a big thing, but of what it has the power to incarnate.
I started to ride when I was very young, and it's a sport I have practised for a very long time.
I've always refused to associate myself with a brand.
I am thrilled to be working with Gucci and especially happy to be playing a part in their timely return to the equestrian world.
It is a real pleasure to collaborate with Frida Giannini and Gucci to celebrate one of the House's most elegant symbols: the horsebit.
A manifesto is different from a magazine.
Although I tend to favor a natural look, I also like to have fun with makeup.
I'm not one to experiment with lip colors. I tend to go for either red or a soft pink.
