English,Royalty
I learned the way a monkey learns - by watching its parents.
There's nothing like a jolly good disaster to get people to start doing something.
Your greatest achievement is to love me.
I'd rather go by bus.
Something as curious as the monarchy won't survive unless you take account of people's attitudes. After all, if people don't want it, they won't have it.
Hong Kong has created one of the most successful societies on Earth.
That's called a microphone. It's a big sausage that picks up everything you say - and you're starting early.
I believe passionately that everyone has a particular God-given ability.
Do you seriously expect me to be the first Prince of Wales in history not to have a mistress?
We're busily wrecking the chances for future generations at a rapid rate of knots by not recognizing the damage we're doing to the natural environment, bearing in mind that this is the only planet that we know has any life on it.
We would never comment on private correspondence.
The whole imposing edifice of modern medicine is like the celebrated tower of Pisa - slightly off balance.
As you may possibly have noticed from time to time, I have tended to make a habit of sticking my head above the parapet and generally getting it shot off for pointing out what has always been blindingly obvious to me.
I sometimes wonder if two thirds of the globe is covered in red carpet.
You have to give this much to the Luftwaffe: when it knocked down our buildings it did not replace them with anything more offensive than rubble. We did that.
Father told me that if I ever met a lady in a dress like yours, I must look her straight in the eyes.
All the time I feel I must justify my existence.
It is baffling, I must say, that in our modern world we have such blind trust in science and technology that we all accept what science tells us about everything - until, that is, it comes to climate science.
Perhaps it has been too uncomfortable for those with vested interests to acknowledge, but we have spent the best part of the past century enthusiastically testing the world to utter destruction; not looking closely enough at the long-term impact our actions will have.
I have for some time now been deeply troubled by the growing difficulties faced by Christian communities in various parts of the Middle East. It seems to me that we cannot ignore the fact that Christians in the Middle East are increasingly being deliberately targeted by fundamentalist Islamist militants.
Christianity was literally born in the Middle East, and we must not forget our Middle Eastern brothers and sisters in Christ.
