Chinese,Philosopher
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
The object of the superior man is truth.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
You cannot open a book without learning something.
Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
The cautious seldom err.
An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger.
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.
Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven.
The superior man is distressed by the limitations of his ability; he is not distressed by the fact that men do not recognize the ability that he has.
If we don't know life, how can we know death?
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
To go beyond is as wrong as to fall short.
The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue.
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
The superior man does not, even for the space of a single meal, act contrary to virtue. In moments of haste, he cleaves to it. In seasons of danger, he cleaves to it.
Heaven means to be one with God.
How to play music may be known. At the commencement of the piece, all the parts should sound together. As it proceeds, they should be in harmony while severally distinct and flowing without break, and thus on to the conclusion.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
To those whose talents are above mediocrity, the highest subjects may be announced. To those who are below mediocrity, the highest subjects may not be announced.
Virtuous people often revenge themselves for the constraints to which they submit by the boredom which they inspire.
The faults of a superior person are like the sun and moon. They have their faults, and everyone sees them; they change and everyone looks up to them.
He who acts with a constant view to his own advantage will be much murmured against.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
To rule a country of a thousand chariots, there must be reverent attention to business, and sincerity; economy in expenditure, and love for men; and the employment of the people at the proper seasons.
Look at the means which a man employs, consider his motives, observe his pleasures. A man simply cannot conceal himself!
I am not one who was born in the possession of knowledge; I am one who is fond of antiquity, and earnest in seeking it there.
Instead of being concerned that you have no office, be concerned to think how you may fit yourself for office. Instead of being concerned that you are not known, seek to be worthy of being known.
Go before the people with your example, and be laborious in their affairs.
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success only comes later.
When we see persons of worth, we should think of equaling them; when we see persons of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it, and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger; give, if thou art asked for little; by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place and all the stars turn towards it.
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage, or of principle.
Look not at what is contrary to propriety; listen not to what is contrary to propriety; speak not what is contrary to propriety; make no movement which is contrary to propriety.
The book salesman should be honored because he brings to our attention, as a rule, the very books we need most and neglect most.
If some years were added to my life, I would give fifty to the study of the Yi, and then I might come to be without great faults.
