Chinese,Actor
While films are a very visual and emotional artistic medium, video games take it one step further into the realm of a unique personal experience.
A weapon isn't good or bad, depends on the person who uses it.
I want to thank my mum, my daddy, my coach, my teacher, everybody in my life.
I need to talk about Chinese culture. We have deep, strong philosophy and culture. I want to share some information, tell the worldwide audience.
My wife is the boss at home, and my daughters are the bosses. I am just the worker. We are a very warm family and very happy.
Hero shows you how to solve the problem - yourself.
You can beat me up, but don't touch my hair, I will kill you!
I stepped into the martial arts movie market when I was only 16. I think I have proved my ability in this field and it won't make sense for me to continue for another five or 10 years.
Everywhere I go, I still have time to meditate. People think meditating is sitting there, nobody bothering you, but you can even talk and still meditate.
I believe the world is one big family, and we need to help each other.
Zhang Yimou is one of the best directors on mainland China.
Love is more powerful than kicking ass.
I have met Jackie Chan about 6 times up 'til now... and even though many people think we are natural enemies, I personally think he is a cool bloke and would honestly love to work with him in a film one time - that would a well brilliant movie!
Jackie Chan is a very good comedy/martial arts star. He does one kind of martial arts that Jet Li doesn't know how to do, and Jet Li does a martial art that Jackie Chan doesn't know how to do.
Wushu is a move in Chinese, a physical move. An attack. Wushu is like an art.
Zhang is a friend of mine: he said forget about acting and just do normal things in the movie.
Every President that went to China, I would meet them and have dinner and talk about the past and the future. That was in the '70s.
I knew nothing about martial arts. The coach told me I was talented with learning martial arts, and put me in a school. Three years later I got my first championship in China.
When I lived in Hong Kong, I felt that Hong Kong is my family.
This film 'Hero' talks about the peace of Chinese people.
Zhang Yimou tried to use martial arts to talk about Chinese culture, Chinese people. What do they think, what do they want and what do they hope.
Zhang Yimou is an artist. Sometimes we did only two or three shots a day because we were waiting for the sun.
Bruce Lee was very famous. I watched his movies and he is amazing. He is a martial arts master, his philosophy, his movement, both physically and mentally, were very strong.
I've been learning martial arts since I was 8 years old.
I never stopped studying Buddhism. In the past few years, in between movies, I do a retreat.
I study more of truth and enlightening. I had to go the next level to talk about life.
