Chinese,Politician
Changes call for innovation, and innovation leads to progress.
Urbanization is not about simply increasing the number of urban residents or expanding the area of cities. More importantly, it's about a complete change from rural to urban style in terms of industry structure, employment, living environment and social security.
Ultimately, stable growth will ensure that urban and rural incomes increase and people's lives improve.
No matter who you are or what you intend to do, you should not exceed the boundaries of the rule of law.
We live in a global village. No country can live in isolation of others like Robinson Crusoe.
China and India are friendly neighbours. We are also natural partners. Both of our countries stand for amicable and peaceful relations between countries and a multipolar world. The peaceful and friendly relations between our two countries is a blessing not just to Asia, but to also the whole world.
The market is the creator of social wealth and the wellspring of self-sustaining economic development.
Enterprises of different ownerships should all enjoy fair opportunities and conditions to compete in the market.
The world today needs both western thinking and oriental vision.
The growth that we want is one that brings real benefits to the people, raises quality and efficiency of development, and contributes to energy conservation and environmental protection.
Reforming is about curbing government power. It is a self-imposed revolution; it will require real sacrifice, and it will be painful.
China not only does not support hacking but also opposes it.
We can't have it so there are skyscrapers side by side with slums.
I wish to reiterate solemnly China's continued firm support to Pakistan in its efforts to uphold independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity.
There are many countries in the world that when they reached the middle-income stage, they witnessed serious structural problems such as growth stagnation, a widening wealth gap and increasing social unrest.
I was a student at Peking University for close to a decade, while a so-called 'knowledge explosion' was rapidly expanding. I was searching for not just knowledge, but also to mold a temperament, to cultivate a scholarly outlook.
Openness has been vital to Asia's fast growth in the past and it will continue to be crucial for the area's further development.
Smog is affecting larger parts of China, and environmental pollution has become a major problem, which is nature's red-light warning against the model of inefficient and blind development.
Governments at all levels and the whole society should act more vigorously to protect the land our lives depend on.
We need to leave to the market and society what they can do well.
In the past, proactive fiscal polices almost always meant just more investment and an increase in the fiscal deficit.
Stable growth ensures employment.
We must keep prices under control to ensure that price increases do not exert a major negative impact on people's lives.
As a developing country, China needs a favorable neighbouring and international environment for its modernisation.
When neighbours interact with each other, it is only natural that sometimes they will run into problems of some kind or another. As long as they respect each other, properly manage differences, and pursue mutual benefits, there will be harmonious sound instead of jarring noises.
No matter how senior an official is, if he violates party discipline and the law of the country, he will be seriously dealt with and punished.
China-Africa relationship has a long history and is full of vitality. Since the 1950s and 1960s, our common historical experiences have brought China and Africa together, and we have forged deep friendship in our joint struggle during which we have supported each other in times of difficulty.
In pursuing reform, we have to navigate uncharted waters. We may also have to confront protracted problems because we will have to shake up vested interests.
China continues to welcome foreign investment, and the door will open even further.
Reform is 'the biggest dividend' for China.
Since entering the new century, China and Africa have seized the historic opportunities presented by the deepening of globalization, worked together and helped each other to achieve a win-win outcome.
China-Pakistan relationship is indeed special because it transcends the changes of the times and politics and represents a fine example of friendly state-to-state interactions.
When it comes to Pakistan, the first word that comes to the mind of the Chinese is 'iron brother.' To us Chinese, Pakistan is always a trustworthy friend who is as solid as iron. Actually, Chinese netizens refer to Pakistan as 'Iron Pak.' This testifies to the strength of China-Pakistan friendship.
Pakistan is the first South Asian country to sign a free trade agreement and currency swap agreement with China.
When there's downward pressure on growth, one choice is to adjust economic policy, increase deficits, relax monetary policy. That might have a short-term benefit, but may not be beneficial for the future.
