Chinese,Athlete
In badminton, they use a lot from the wrist. But I use a lot from the shoulder.
I would prefer to have no money but to have a nice family and good friends around.
I felt sad because everyday I had to wake up early to practice before going to school. After school I had to go back to tennis again, and then after tennis I had homework. I didn't have time to play.
It's always tough when you're fighting with your husband on the court.
I love New York City.
People in China say: 'If you love your children, send them to New York. If you hate your children, also send them to New York.'
China tennis - we're getting bigger and bigger.
I never thought I could win the French Open.
Just because you win the French Open it doesn't mean you can do well at Wimbledon.
I don't need to worry about being idolised.
I'm married. Who cares about me?
I just feel exciting.
I feel like my whole life only tennis.
I would like to say now I was very enjoy the life right now.
When I got into the sport I was so fat that my manager said he should send me to boot camp to lose the weight!
I look forward to competing.
The first time I showed the tattoo, it was big news in the newspaper: 'She has a tattoo with a snake.' It's not a snake.
Of course, after I retire I want to be the housewife, really.
If I have children, after school they'll always feel happy energy in the home.
I don't know how many years I can still play. I have to listen to my body and see how it feels.
I really do not think about 'Oh, right now I have to defend those points and this title.' I just really want to enjoy playing on the court, in front of the fans.
If I didn't do well at Wimbledon maybe Chinese people will forget about me.
I think because I was the first Chinese player to win a grand slam, people were thinking: 'She's not like normal people.'
The woman's tour is very tough for all of the players.
It was a big decision to leave the system because many people said I would fail.
I always had a powerful serve. It's one of the best in women's tennis. It's very good to have a weapon like that.
