Chinese,Athlete
Win or lose, I believe in giving my best and that is what I always do.
Badminton is not only about winning. What is important to me is about playing hard, doing my best and putting up a good show for the spectators.
It is hard to compete with other sports. Badminton is a sport which, when compared with football and tennis, still needs promotion.
Before I turned 30, through a lot of hard work and support, I won many badminton titles. But after turning 30, Lin Dan should change that mindset and start in a new direction and do things that are more meaningful.
Every time I am not playing, I am training harder to keep myself fit.
It is our responsibility, but not burden, to be champions.
The biggest problem for badminton is wind direction and lighting. If those problems are not solved, it seriously impacts players' performances on the court. If a high-level player's performance is affected by these factors, they suffer setbacks and cannot be fully satisfied on the court.
I have admired Taufik Hidayat for being exceptionally talented and Hendrawan for being a great player only because of his hard work and dedication. I have always looked up to them as players.
I love badminton, and representing China is an honour for me.
Many people, including those from the BWF, don't really understand what the main problems in badminton are and what it most needs because many officials are not competitors.
Badminton is a cruel sport.
If you play a match, then you got to give it all to beat the opponent; there is nothing like playing against a great or a non-great player. I treat them all as opponents and aim to beat them.
I'm no longer young, but I still enjoy the competition and the feeling of that.
I am pleased with the fitness that I have.
There is no secret. It is all about doing the same things time and time again. It is all about doing the best every day.
I am no genius; I just worked hard like my other teammates, and I believe all my teammates can win the title as they work hard, too.
Of course, in China, there's already plenty of people who like badminton. I'm hoping more foreigners, Americans, and other countries can get into this sport.
Success is not judged by just success in a particular championship.
You don't just need skills and talent, you also need luck.
I have never considered any player as my competitor; each one of them is good and talented, and my job is to beat them.
It is difficult to single out any one player, as I aim to give my best against every single player that I have played so far against.
I am training 8-9 hours a day and will give my best shot for Rio.
During the off-season, I try to increase my practice sessions, and I am also training with my coaches.
It is for me to realise my value and put in the effort to win big tournaments.
Being a professional athlete, we all want to win the title.
Team competition is my priority.
