Chinese,Leader
Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy.
Politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed.
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
We think too small, like the frog at the bottom of the well. He thinks the sky is only as big as the top of the well. If he surfaced, he would have an entirely different view.
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.
Once all struggle is grasped, miracles are possible.
The guerrilla must move amongst the people as a fish swims in the sea.
Women hold up half the sky.
Let a hundred flowers bloom.
In time of difficulties, we must not lose sight of our achievements.
To read too many books is harmful.
Letting a hundred flowers blossom and a hundred schools of thought contend is the policy for promoting the progress of the arts and the sciences and a flourishing culture in our land.
A revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting a picture, or doing embroidery.
The people, and the people alone, are the motive force in the making of world history.
Let a hundred flowers bloom, let a hundred schools of thought contend.
The atom bomb is a paper tiger which the United States reactionaries use to scare people. It looks terrible, but in fact it isn't.
In waking a tiger, use a long stick.
I voted for you during your last election.
The cardinal responsibility of leadership is to identify the dominant contradiction at each point of the historical process and to work out a central line to resolve it.
Passivity is fatal to us. Our goal is to make the enemy passive.
Despise the enemy strategically, but take him seriously tactically.
Swollen in head, weak in legs, sharp in tongue but empty in belly.
I have witnessed the tremendous energy of the masses. On this foundation it is possible to accomplish any task whatsoever.
Political work is the life-blood of all economic work.
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
Weapons are an important factor in war, but not the decisive one; it is man and not materials that counts.
