Chinese,Businessman
I am not a person who pursues luxury. I am not like those people who, once they have money, compulsively squander it or show it off.
The future of the world's film industry is in China because we have 1.3 billion people.
There's no single company in the whole world that has a big-scale production base and at the same time has screening and distribution channels. Wanda Group is the first one in the world.
Don't ally your personal interests with the development of the company.
There are not many companies in China that dare to say in public, 'We don't offer bribes', or companies that operate only by market rules.
Remain close to government and away from politics. It means deal more with the authorities. And less with individuals.
Foreign politicians don't have resources - or limited resources. It's useless dealing with them.
Wanda and Reliance are two of the largest private conglomerates in their respective countries. By joining our strengths together, we hope our cooperation will bring mutual benefits and great results.
Acquiring Sunseeker deepens Wanda's international influence and represents an important step forward for the development of the business.
If Wanda can control more than 20 per cent of the world's three most important film markets - the United States, Europe and China - then it will have an empire with great voice in the industry.
China's movie industry is growing a lot faster than that of the U.S.
China is a government-oriented economy. No one can say he can run his business entirely without government connections. Anybody who says that he or she can do things alone... is a hypocrite.
China has set its cultural industries as pillar industries.
If you are only big in China, you are only a local Chinese company.
Among the world's 500 largest companies, not one has completely relied on its own growth to develop.
Investing in Chicago property is just Wanda's first move into the U.S. real estate market.
The London property market has excellent investment opportunities.
Sunseeker is well placed to take full advantage of opportunities in China, one of the world's fastest growing luxury yacht markets.
Cultural industries will be the next engine for growth after real estate, and Wanda will make cultural industries our long-term focus.
Real estate deals a lot with the government. It isn't like manufacturing, logistics, home appliances or the auto sector, which deal with consumers.
I know Bo Xilai well. But our relationship was based on our work; we didn't have a personal relationship.
In setting goals and executing a strategy, Wanda is sophisticated. We have good systems and departments. If targets are not reached, a yellow light goes off.
The U.S., especially Hollywood, is so strong for film production.
I was born in a family with a strong military background, so I chose to be a soldier.
The basic principle is I command, and my employees carry it out immediately.
Chinese people today have strong demand for culture, but we need effective supply, and China needs innovative cultural products.
