Chinese,Actress
For myself I don't like the geisha look. It's like a mask.
In China, we don't consider someone truly beautiful until we have known them for a long time, and we know what's underneath the skin.
China's cinema has been rising for some time; it has more exposure, so my chances of becoming internationally known are better. But the first thing I have to do is learn English. If I can grasp the language, then perhaps I can think about the U.S.
I wanted to become a kindergarten teacher like my mother.
My parents sent me to a dance class, so it was a road chosen by them, not me. But I enjoyed it so much I knew I would become a performer.
It's not that I wanted to be an actor; it's that I didn't want to be a dancer! I was trained in traditional Chinese dance, and after working so hard it seemed unfair to just disappear into a group.
Whatever you see - any good results - are all from the pressure.
I knew nothing about martial arts. And I don't really like it! But in the film, I not only had to pretend that I knew all about it, I had to be the best at it. That was very difficult.
I suspect people always thought I had a boyfriend, so nobody came after me.
Chinese women are much more modest than American women when it comes to clothes. We tend to show less flesh.
Even though I've done Hollywood films, I still don't think of myself as a Hollywood actress.
I always think it's really hard if you are Asian or Chinese to be really in Hollywood. There are not so many really great characters for you.
I really want to do something in Europe. With a small movie, it can be an interesting challenge. But I have to get the right project. I don't think it's so important to go to Hollywood. All that trash that comes out of there! I don't want to do that.
Working in Hollywood, it's clear the more money you have, the more technology you can get. So you can build a whole Japanese set. Only in Hollywood!
I want, through my roles, to express the parts in the hearts of Chinese women that they feel unable to let out.
I've discovered that I value simplicity above all in dressing. I don't like anything I wear to be too complicated or fussy.
There's nothing in Chinese culture that is an equivalent of the geisha. It's so different, so special to Japan.
I was really interested in geishas' work, and wanted to meet real geishas.
My profession has helped me to grow up.
