American,Educator
To the extent that tenure supports academic freedom, I support tenure. I want no person or system to have any power, real or apparent, to chill academic freedom.
We Americans have the great gifts of freedom and democracy, but it has been our education system that has fulfilled the promise of democracy.
It makes no difference how low tuition is if the student has no source of funds to pay that tuition.
No individual has a vested right to a job when that individual fails to perform adequately.
If we are to attract private investment, if we are to be able to make the legislature feel the moneys from taxpayers are being used properly, we must be ever vigilant of the duty to efficiently use all funds we receive.
It took the United States until 1920 to give women the franchise and another 40 or 50 years to start utilizing women's potential. How many women of incredible potential did we fail and what achievements were lost to all because we never tapped that potential?
I know there has long been a great frustration among the African Americans in Nevada over their belief that we have not adequately responded to their desires to become more educated and more productive citizens.
Is there any more important problem than our lack of need-based scholarships? I think not.
Higher education is not growing fast enough to meet the needs of Nevada.
You may not be aware of a recent survey that showed that if the First Amendment were put to a popular vote today, it would fail by a 60% to 40% vote.
When in doubt, one can rarely go wrong by going public.
Nevada has a world-class economy. It will only build a world-class culture with world-class research universities coupled with the Desert Research Institute.
Academics often discount the value of top-rated sports programs in helping to develop a campus life and in contributing to the overall success of a college or university. Like it or not, the sports programs a college or university has are the front page of that university.
The new rule of thumb is that 80% of a president's time must be spent in raising funds for their schools.
I come from a profession which has suffered greatly because of the lack of civility. Lawyers treat each other poorly and it has come home to haunt them. The public will not tolerate a lack of civility.
No state legislature ever built a great university.
