American,Educator
Cloning represents a very clear, powerful, and immediate example in which we are in danger of turning procreation into manufacture.
Technological innovation is indeed important to economic growth and the enhancement of human possibilities.
The abortion controversy is important for what it says about our stance toward procreation and children altogether.
Once you put human life in human hands, you have started on a slippery slope that knows no boundaries.
Almost everybody is enthusiastic about the promise of biotechnology to cure disease and to relieve suffering.
The benefits of biomedical progress are obvious, clear, and powerful. The hazards are much less well appreciated.
Nobody knew in advance that in vitro fertilization would be, by and large, safe.
The technological way of thinking has infected even ethics, which is supposed to be thinking about the good.
Is it possible to covet a much longer life for one's self and be as devoted to the well-being of the next generation? It's a long argument.
Biology, meaning the science of all life, is a late notion.
If one is seriously interested in preventing reproductive cloning, one must stop the process before it starts.
It's very hard to make arguments about the effects of cloning on family relations if family relations are in tatters.
I've been opposed to human cloning from the very beginning.
The neuroscience area - which is absolutely in its infancy - is much more important than genetics.
An enormous amount of direct advertising from pharmaceutical companies are offering a kind of instantaneous solution to problems.
As bad as it might be to destroy a creature made in God's image, it might be very much worse to be creating them after images of one's own.
Cloning looks like a degrading of parenthood and a perversion of the right relation between parents and children.
Even if certain rogue countries do things we wish nobody did, it doesn't necessarily mean that their foolishness should justify our following suit.
Genetics is crude, but neuroscience goes directly to work on the brain, and the mind follows.
I don't believe that efforts to prohibit only so-called reproductive cloning can be successful.
I don't like being forced to reduce my thoughts to sound bites.
I have nothing against respecting people who lived before, but we have no responsibility toward them.
If you have easy self-contentment, you might have a very, very cheap source of happiness.
It seems to me that a kind of thinking which is not technocratic has an opportunity for a renaissance in this country.
It's a short step from the belief that every child should be wanted to the belief that a child exists to satisfy our wants.
Limits have to be set on how far one can simply use the... cleverness that we have to make changes.
