American,Educator
Strategy is about making choices, trade-offs; it's about deliberately choosing to be different.
The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do.
Sound strategy starts with having the right goal.
The ability to change constantly and effectively is made easier by high-level continuity.
The underlying principles of strategy are enduring, regardless of technology or the pace of change.
Good leaders need a positive agenda, not just an agenda of dealing with crisis.
The company without a strategy is willing to try anything.
If all you're trying to do is essentially the same thing as your rivals, then it's unlikely that you'll be very successful.
Strategy 101 is about choices: You can't be all things to all people.
So companies have to be very schizophrenic. On one hand, they have to maintain continuity of strategy. But they also have to be good at continuously improving.
There's a fundamental distinction between strategy and operational effectiveness.
In a period of economic downturn, the overwhelming instinct is to pare back, cut costs, and lay off. If you do that, do so with your strategy in mind. The worst mistake is to cut across the board. Instead, reconnect and recommit to a clear strategy that will distinguish yourself from others.
Innovation is the central issue in economic prosperity.
The best CEOs I know are teachers, and at the core of what they teach is strategy.
I think that, too many times, business has been seen as acting in its narrow self-interest rather than, essentially, contributing more broadly to society. I think a lot of that is unintentional; I don't think that many managers are deliberately trying to be unethical or are not trying to be sensitive to social needs.
You can't have a healthy society unless you have healthy companies that are making a profit, that are employing people and that are growing.
Unfortunately, I'm an engineer. I'm always thinking about, what's the task and how do I get it done? And some of my tasks are pretty broad, and pretty fuzzy, and pretty funky, but that's the way I think.
Ultimately, health care fails the most basic test. It's not organized around the needs of the patient.
A strategy delineates a territory in which a company seeks to be unique.
I teach in the medical school, the School of Public Health, the Kennedy School of Government, and the Business School. And it's the best perch... because most of my work crosses boundaries.
Change brings opportunities. On the other hand, change can be confusing.
Billions are wasted on ineffective philanthropy. Philanthropy is decades behind business in applying rigorous thinking to the use of money.
Companies understand that if their employees are sick, it's really expensive. So despite the rhetoric I hear, thank God employers are still in the health-care system.
Millennials are more aware of society's many challenges than previous generations and less willing to accept maximizing shareholder value as a sufficient goal for their work. They are looking for a broader social purpose and want to work somewhere that has such a purpose.
The thing is, continuity of strategic direction and continuous improvement in how you do things are absolutely consistent with each other. In fact, they're mutually reinforcing.
Finally, strategy must have continuity. It can't be constantly reinvented.
