Spanish,Educator
It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
It is truer to say that martyrs create faith more than faith creates martyrs.
A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about.
Suffering is the substance of life and the root of personality, for it is only suffering that makes us persons.
The greatest height of heroism to which an individual, like a people, can attain is to know how to face ridicule.
That which the Fascists hate above all else, is intelligence.
Your neighbor's vision is as true for him as your own vision is true for you.
If it is nothingness that awaits us, let us make an injustice of it; let us fight against destiny, even though without hope of victory.
There is no true love save in suffering, and in this world we have to choose either love, which is suffering, or happiness. Man is the more man - that is, the more divine - the greater his capacity for suffering, or rather, for anguish.
A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age; he dies of being a man.
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
If a person never contradicts himself, it must be that he says nothing.
The skeptic does not mean him who doubts, but him who investigates or researches, as opposed to him who asserts and thinks that he has found.
Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.
Some people will believe anything if you whisper it to them.
The only way to give finality to the world is to give it consciousness.
Art distills sensations and embodies it with enhanced meaning.
Only in solitude do we find ourselves; and in finding ourselves, we find in ourselves all our brothers in solitude.
To love with the spirit is to pity, and he who pities most loves most.
Cure yourself of the affliction of caring how you appear to others. Concern yourself only with how you appear before God, concern yourself only with the idea that God may have of you.
Anyone who in discussion relies upon authority uses, not his understanding, but rather his memory.
What we believe to be the motives of our conduct are usually but the pretexts for it.
Man dies of cold, not of darkness.
We never know, believe me, when we have succeeded best.
Human beliefs, like all other natural growths, elude the barrier of systems.
Science is a cemetery of dead ideas.
