American,Educator
Never, ever underestimate the importance of having fun.
Never lose the childlike wonder. Show gratitude... Don't complain; just work harder... Never give up.
An injured lion still wants to roar.
We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the game.
Brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls aren't there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to show us how badly we want things.
I am going to keep having fun every day I have left, because there is no other way of life. You just have to decide whether you are a Tigger or an Eeyore.
I'm hanging in there, trying to spend as much quality time with my wife and kids as possible, and though it's very frustrating to know I won't beat the cancer, there's a great satisfaction in knowing that I'm walking off the field with no regrets.
I think the only advice I can give you on how to live your life well is, first off, remember... it's not the things we do in life that we regret on our deathbed, it is the things we do not.
Wait long enough, and people will surprise and impress you.
I always thought every day was a gift, but now I am looking for where to send the thank you note.
I am dying soon, and I am choosing to have fun today, tomorrow and every other day I have left.
I played in football games where you walk off the field and the scoreboard didn't end up the way you wanted. But you knew that you really did give it all. And the other team was too strong.
We don't beat the reaper by living longer, we beat the reaper by living well and living fully.
Work hard. I got tenure a year early. Junior faculty members used to say to me: 'Wow, what's your secret?' I said: 'It's pretty simple. Call me any Friday night in my office at 10 o'clock, and I'll tell you.'
Anyone who knows me well will tell you that arrogance is one of my flaws.
My mother took great relish in introducing me as 'This is my son - he's a doctor but not the kind that helps people.'
There's nothing about my life that I would have changed.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
When men are romantically interested in you, it's really simple. Just ignore everything they say and only pay attention to what they do.
We have a finite amount of time. Whether short or long, it doesn't matter. Life is to be lived.
Are you a fun-loving Tigger or a sad-sack Eeyore? Pick a camp. I think it's clear where I stand on the great Tigger/Eeyore debate!
The metaphor I've used is... somebody's going to push my family off a cliff pretty soon, and I won't be there to catch them. And that breaks my heart. But I have some time to sew some nets to cushion the fall. So, I can curl up in a ball and cry, or I can get to work on the nets.
There's an academic tradition called the 'Last Lecture.' Hypothetically, if you knew you were going to die and you had one last lecture, what would you say to your students? Well, for me, there's an elephant in the room. And the elephant in the room, for me, it wasn't hypothetical.
I will take an earnest person over a hip person every day, because hip is short-term, earnest is long-term.
If I could only give three words of advice, they would be, 'Tell the truth.' If I got three more words, I'd add, 'All the time.'
I'm not going to beat the cancer. I tried really hard... but sometimes you're just not going to beat the thing... I wanted to walk off the stage and say anything I thought was important; I had my hour.
