American,Judge
If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate.
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.
The advice of the elders to young men is very apt to be as unreal as a list of the hundred best books.
Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God.
Lawyers spend a great deal of their time shoveling smoke.
I think that we should be eternally vigilant against attempts to check the expression of opinions that we loathe and believe to be fraught with death, unless they so imminently threaten immediate interference with the lawful and pressing purposes of the law that an immediate check is required to save the country.
The language of judicial decision is mainly the language of logic. And the logical method and form flatter that longing for certainty and for repose which is in every human mind. But certainty generally is illusion, and repose is not the destiny of man.
Beware how you take away hope from another human being.
Between two groups of people who want to make inconsistent kinds of worlds, I see no remedy but force.
The greatest act of faith is when a man understands he is not God.
I despise making the most of one's time. Half of the pleasures of life consist of the opportunities one has neglected.
Every now and then a man's mind is stretched by a new idea or sensation, and never shrinks back to its former dimensions.
Every idea is an incitement... eloquence may set fire to reason.
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
I have no respect for the passion of equality, which seems to me merely idealizing envy - I don't disparage envy, but I don't accept it as legitimately my master.
A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles.
Life is an end in itself, and the only question as to whether it is worth living is whether you have had enough of it.
It seems to me that at this time we need education in the obvious more than investigation of the obscure.
The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts, but learning how to make facts live.
If I were dying, my last words would be: Have faith and pursue the unknown end.
A new and valid idea is worth more than a regiment and fewer men can furnish the former than command the latter.
A word is not a crystal, transparent and unchanged; it is the skin of a living thought and may vary greatly in color and content according to the circumstances and time in which it is used.
To be civilized is to be potentially master of all possible ideas, and that means that one has got beyond being shocked, although one preserves one's own moral aesthetic preferences.
On the whole, I am on the side of the unregenerate who affirms the worth of life as an end in itself, as against the saints who deny it.
