Israeli,Statesman
We must fight terrorism as if there's no peace process and work to achieve peace as if there's no terror.
Practically the only way to dry the swamp of radical Islam is through economic development and an improved standard of living.
Let the Palestinians run their affairs: create a situation in which no Israeli soldier will have to maintain public order, whether in Gaza or the West Bank. Let's give it to the Palestinians, as long as there is security for us. No more occupying another people.
We do not celebrate the death of our enemies.
Jerusalem is united, will never be divided again.
I believe that in the long run, separation between Israel and the Palestinians is the best solution for resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
We must think differently, look at things in a different way. Peace requires a world of new concepts, new definitions.
You don't make peace with friends. You make it with very unsavory enemies.
A diplomatic peace is not yet the real peace. It is an essential step in the peace process leading towards a real peace.
Israel has an important principle: It is only Israel that is responsible for our security.
I am 73 years old. I was born in Jerusalem. I'm the first prime minister of Israel to be born here. I am the only former general to become a prime minister.
I would like Israel to be a Jewish state, and therefore not to annex over 2 million Palestinians who live in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip to Israel, which will make Israel a bi-national state.
Give peace a chance.
There's nothing harder than defining oneself.
I don't want to be the policeman of Lebanon. It's not the business of Israel. Israel was not created to serve as a policeman of the region.
I believe however that peace is attainable regardless of the Arabs mentality, society or government.
I believe that it is my responsibility as the prime minister of Israel to do whatever can be done to exploit the unique opportunities that lie ahead of us to move towards peace. Not everything can be done by one act.
It is not worth the paper it is written on unless it is backed by the kind of force that will make the other side consider the penalties too heavy to break the agreement.
No Arab ruler will consider the peace process seriously so long as he is able to toy with the idea of achieving more by the way of violence.
The struggle to get weapons is continuous, but the United States will aid us, if it finds Israel displaying a willingness for peace.
In the midst of fighting there is no place for public debate.
The world is no longer against us.
Israel is no longer a people that dwells alone, and has to join the global journey toward peace, reconciliation and international cooperation.
Israel's willingness to cooperate closely with the U.S. in protecting American interests in the region altered her image in the eyes of many officials in Washington.
I enter negotiations with Chairman Arafat, the leader of the PLO, the representative of the Palestinian people, with the purpose to have coexistence between our two entities, Israel as a Jewish state and Palestinian state, entity, next to us, living in peace.
Only the change on the international scene, the crisis in the gulf, and the strong, firm position of the United States against aggression between two Arab countries created realities that led to the Madrid Peace Conference.
