Uruguayan,Athlete
I want to change the bad boy image that has stuck for a bit because I don't think I am at all how I have been portrayed. I would like that to change because it's awful to hear and read what is said of you.
If you win while scoring goals, then you leave happy, but the most important thing is always the team. I do not think just of me.
I think all the bad things I have been through are in the past. I believe I am on the right path now, dealing with the people who can help me, the right kind of people.
Injuries are not only a physical question, which is the most important thing, of course, but also a question of your mind. If you're thinking: 'I'm not going to make it', 'I can't cope', 'it hurts', 'it's never going to get better', then it won't.
Everyone has different ways of defending themselves.
Every forward is selfish, and any forward who tells you he is not selfish is a liar.
Of course I would like to play with Cristiano Ronaldo - he is a great player.
I wanted my children to be able to see me play at the World Cup.
I've been booed in Holland and in Uruguay - as a professional footballer, you need to have thick skin and just get used to it.
It's especially important for my little girl to see her papa at work.
I never imagined playing in El Clasico. I used to watch the games and look at photos, and I used to say how incredible to play in it was.
Liverpool will always be special for me: my daughter was born here.
My record shows that I'm not the kind of player who wants to change clubs every season, and I would have no problem playing in England for many more years.
My parents separated when I was nine, but my father was always around, and he still follows me now. He is always sending me messages.
When I say, 'I'm sorry,' it's because I regret something.
'Negro' can refer to anyone with dark hair as well as dark skin, and I've been used to the word being used in Spanish in this way all my life.
It's important for the team not to be relying on one player.
On the field, sometimes passion overwhelms you, and you do things you regret afterward.
Every soccer player can be on the edge, at the limit, be the bad guy. We have to get used to it. Sometimes I am one of those.
I've scored many goals that I've liked, but I think the best memory I have is the one against Korea in the 2010 World Cup.
I need to be playing in the Champions League.
I have to put my career first.
Of course I don't like the fact that my wife goes to the supermarket and there are photographers. But I realise that the press attention is the same wherever you go.
I'm an emotional person, and I externalise my feelings a lot with some things, but I'm strong with others.
There are people who criticise me, and that's normal because of the way I am on the pitch. I get angry, I get tense.
My wife says that if people reach conclusions as to what I am like based on what they see from me on the pitch they would say I am a guy who is always annoyed, always in a bad mood, they'd say what must it be like to live with me. There are two of me, two different people.
Barcelona are always a candidate to win the Champions League.
I've been obsessed by football since I was young.
People ask, 'How can you let a defeat hurt you so much?' But it comes back to the effort you have put into your career as a youngster.
If you score 20 goals one season, then you have to promise yourself that in the following season you will get 25.
I normally try to be tranquil on the pitch.
I always want more. I always want my team to perform to their best.
At clubs like Liverpool, great players come and go.
After my 10-match ban in 2013 for biting Branislav Ivanovic, I had questioned the double standards and how the fact that no one actually gets hurt is never taken into consideration.
Sometimes English football takes pride in having the lowest yellow-card count in Europe, but of course it will have if you can take someone's leg off and still not be booked.
When I was a kid, I got sent off for head-butting a referee: I ran 50m to argue a decision, I was shown a red card, and I head-butted him. I'm really not proud of that.
I have always preferred to keep things to myself rather than sharing them with anyone, but I am learning that if you let it go, you feel better for it. Don't keep it all bottled up inside; don't take it all on alone.
All I can say is that I have arrived with the desire to be a success at Barca, that I am hungry to win titles.
It is always a bit hypocritical when a defender who spends the whole game kicking you complains of being kicked.
If you don't speak Spanish, then don't accuse me of insulting you in that language, let alone insulting you ten times.
Put 'Luis Suarez' into an Internet search engine, and up comes the word 'racist.' It's a stain that is there for ever. And it is one that I feel I do not deserve.
I am obviously a striker who likes to score a lot of goals and have done that in every team I have been with.
A forward always has to help the team, either with assists or goals.
I want to do things right. I really, really do.
I have a very strange way of playing football.
I'm my own severest critic, and I realize when I make mistakes.
I have been hit from all sides, and I'm only human. They have ended up talking about the way I look, and it hurts. I have a family, and they suffer, too. It has gone over the limit, and I am tired of it. I have a wife and child, too, and I am not prepared to go on putting up with it English journalists.
My first season at Liverpool had good moments but also bad ones. We played three tournaments and we played two finals, and that was good.
