Filipino,Actor
We want to uplift the culture of Filipino - our respect to our elders, how we pray before we eat and sleep. These are things the younger generations tend to forget because of our exposure to other cultures.
My family is my priority.
I experienced rejection numerous times.
There came a time I gave up when I was overseas. No matter how many times I tried working on my visa, I wasn't able to. When I went back to the Philippines, I still wanted to return to Canada despite the difficulties I encountered.
I'll start searching for that ideal partner when I turn 40. That will be a turning point in my life.
I want to give back and show my gratitude to the indies. At the same time, cherish the mainstream projects I've been getting.
When I was working abroad, there was a time when I almost gave up because of my problem with my working visa in Canada. I remember that I collected bottles of mineral water and sold them to earn extra money.
My love life is not a priority.
It's important that I know what I'm doing before I assume responsibility over something as significant as the actors' guild.
I had my first girlfriend at 15. Life was difficult then.
I was first an indie actor, so I also want that more opportunities be given to people in the indies.
I have dogs and birds as pets.
I didn't expect people would embrace 'Ang Probinsyano' the way they did during its first year.
I worked as a janitor in Canada for nine months. It's during that time when I experienced extreme homesickness.
I did some modeling here and there but nothing really big. There was a time when I simply bummed around, waiting for offers.
I wouldn't be where I am right now, and have the right work ethic and discipline, if it weren't for all the indie films I did. We weren't pampered and were pretty much on our own.
I want to balance my projects. Ideally, I'd like to do at least one indie film, a mainstream movie, and a TV series in a year - the best of both worlds.
People may soon lose interest in me. I want to make sure I've done everything I can for my family when that time comes.
I cherish everything I have because I worked hard for each one.
I consider myself an ordinary person.
I see the staff and crew on the set as my equals. When I make a mistake, they know they can call my attention or even tell me what to do.
I've been to several international film festivals, including those in Locarno, Switzerland; Dubai; Russia; Berlin; Cannes; Bangkok; and Hong Kong.
Actually, I didn't plan to be an actor.
I'm happy with my body.
I take a bath three times a day.
I know the hardships that my compatriots working abroad are facing.
When I was in Canada, the opportunities were huge. For every place I went to, I dreamt of bringing my family, too. When I ate at restaurants, I wished I could let my family experience the food I ate, too.
I avoid using Twitter and Facebook.
I'm a very sensitive person.
It's hard to mix work and love.
I keep a really tight schedule.
I think it's unfair to commit to a girl and not be able to give her the time she deserves.
I know how demanding show biz is. I fear that things would just end up bad if I'd date a colleague.
