Filipino,Businesswoman
I believe that transparency is the solution to our problem on corruption.
It's always best to ask for forgiveness if you feel that you made a mistake. And again, asking for forgiveness is not just saying the words 'I'm sorry'; it is also offering what you need to do.
If, through death penalty, we can create fears, though it's against my will, we have to do it.
I am grateful for my father's legacy. I am grateful to have found out who my real friends are. I am grateful for God's guidance.
My dad was such a great story-teller, a good teacher.
If you don't expose something to sunlight, microbes and germs will thrive.
Loyalty to the country does not end with territory. Sometimes you are elsewhere, but your heart is really for the country.
What is important is a leader who can be trusted.
Definitely, I am not advocating an arms race.
Underlings look up to the boss for behavioral cues, subtle signs, hints and gestures.
As a public figure, you have to maintain a certain demeanor. We also have responsibility to the public, but of course, I'm not perfect. I have a lot of flaws; my husband can tell you that, my friends, even. They know who I am.
I see the Philippines one day as a developed country, one of the major economies of Asia - perhaps not in six years, but definitely in our lifetime.
You need a president whom you can trust, someone who will not steal your money, a president who is sincere, brave and just.
Nothing will deter crime but the certainty of punishment.
The people who have been helping me in the past continue to support me. Many of them supported my father, and the support isn't just financial.
Whenever I come here to Ilocos, I get sentimental because I always remember that as a child, I would ride a bike with my father in Paoay near where they were shooting 'Panday.'
The straight path is not one that is reserved for a few. This should be taken by more of us.
Even if we do not walk together on the straight path, as long as we have the same destination, that is what's important.
My resume is lean enough that I don't have the added baggage that is not necessary to be able to be successful in government.
The string of disqualification cases were filed against me when I was still contemplating a run for the presidency by people whose motives were suspect at best. Powerful groups with personal agenda are behind these cases. But I am not afraid. Not when the people are behind me.
Integrity is a very important and an almost indispensable virtue that all leaders must possess. This is especially true in the Philippine context because we Filipinos really respond to leadership by example.
I am deeply concerned about the impact of poverty on children because poverty can destroy their future and bind them to a life of misery.
I learned a lot about filmmaking from my dad. Starting when I was a child, I would listen to my dad as an actor, writer, director and producer talking about films - you know what the treatment would be in the opening, in the middle, and in the ending.
I'm not for censorship without reason.
My favorite author is David Baldacci; I've read all his books. I even have a picture with Baldacci taken during his book-signing in the States.
If I think of all the family members, I was probably the only one who was excited with the possibility of my dad's entering public office.
