American,Photographer
There are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer.
When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.
Photography, as a powerful medium of expression and communications, offers an infinite variety of perception, interpretation and execution.
You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Landscape photography is the supreme test of the photographer - and often the supreme disappointment.
Yosemite Valley, to me, is always a sunrise, a glitter of green and golden wonder in a vast edifice of stone and space.
A true photograph need not be explained, nor can it be contained in words.
It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define; we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter.
No man has the right to dictate what other men should perceive, create or produce, but all should be encouraged to reveal themselves, their perceptions and emotions, and to build confidence in the creative spirit.
A good photograph is knowing where to stand.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into.
In my mind's eye, I visualize how a particular... sight and feeling will appear on a print. If it excites me, there is a good chance it will make a good photograph. It is an intuitive sense, an ability that comes from a lot of practice.
Twelve significant photographs in any one year is a good crop.
Myths and creeds are heroic struggles to comprehend the truth in the world.
It is my intention to present - through the medium of photography - intuitive observations of the natural world which may have meaning to the spectators.
A great photograph is one that fully expresses what one feels, in the deepest sense, about what is being photographed.
The negative is the equivalent of the composer's score, and the print the performance.
To photograph truthfully and effectively is to see beneath the surfaces and record the qualities of nature and humanity which live or are latent in all things.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.
These people live again in print as intensely as when their images were captured on old dry plates of sixty years ago... I am walking in their alleys, standing in their rooms and sheds and workshops, looking in and out of their windows. Any they in turn seem to be aware of me.
