American,Photographer
I'm a photographer, period. I love photography, the immediacy of it. I like the craft, the idea of saying 'I'm a photographer.'
Success to me is being a good person, treating people well.
I believe in a visual language that should be as strong as the written word.
I like the Eiffel Tower in Las Vegas more than the actual one.
I was always painting when I was a kid. But then when I handled a camera when I was 17, that was it for me. I loved photography. I would work 4 or 5 hours a day. It was like a calling.
I like the consistency of having people in my life for a long time.
People get devalued in Hollywood when they age, despite all their efforts to stay relevant and beautiful and young. They can't get jobs anymore.
I love fashion, beauty, glamour. It's the mark of civilisation.
Just as Renaissance artists provided narratives for the era they lived in, so do I. I'm always looking beyond the surface. I've done that ever since I first picked up a camera.
I have this idea that you can use glamour and still have it represent something that matters.
My dream since I was a kid was to show in a gallery.
We use fashion for status and to beautify and there's nothing wrong with that, but when it becomes completely unbalanced, then you're living a decadent life. And when that happens on a global scale, you're living in a decadent world.
There's nothing that symbolizes loss or grief more than a mother losing a child.
I like thinking about the fragility of the human flesh and our bodies - our decay and eventual death.
With mania, is it dangerous to ride that euphoric feeling. You feel very animated and creative; I would fill journals with drawings. It feels good and you want it to last, but it can lead to being delusional. The delusions can be as real as you thinking you can fly.
I went to art high school and thought I'd be a painter. Unfortunately I didn't finish high school, but that's always been part of my work.
The tools I learned photographing celebrities, now I want to use them to sell ideas.
In the fashion world, I was always an outsider, but I made people look good, so I had a career.
The adornment of the body is a human need. I don't see anything superficial about it unless your life becomes very materialistic.
My mother taught me a lot about respect for all living things - for plants and animals. I am a vegetarian. I was brought up that way.
I moved to New York when I was 15, but my parents lived nearby in Connecticut, so I could go be in this incredible countryside when I needed it.
I would rather die than be a serious artist, or a fake artist.
For me, it's easier to like more things than to dislike them; I'm not a critic in that sense. I find it easier to like more, to be more open and enjoy more things, which has given me more opportunities.
My mum was one of those people who really wasn't allowed to be an artist, because she worked in a factory and she came from the war and all that stuff. She really has an artist's soul.
You work with people who are obsessive about shopping, obsessive about owning things and buying things, like this purchase is going to make them happy. And you want to say to them, 'You know, no amount of real estate is gonna fill that void.'
As you get older, you think about things differently from when you do in your twenties, when you think you'll live forever.
