English,Photographer
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
To get rich, you have to be making money while you're asleep.
Being handsome wasn't much of a burden. It worked for me.
The skull is nature's sculpture.
Anybody can be a great photographer if they zoom in enough on what they love.
It takes a lot of imagination to be a good photographer. You need less imagination to be a painter because you can invent things. But in photography everything is so ordinary; it takes a lot of looking before you learn to see the extraordinary.
All pictures are unnatural. All pictures are sad because they're about dead people. Paintings you don't think of in a special time or with a specific event. With photos I always think I'm looking at something dead.
Every man who is high up loves to think that he has done it all himself; and the wife smiles, and lets it go at that.
It is a sign of a dull nature to occupy oneself deeply in matters that concern the body; for instance, to be over much occupied about exercise, about eating and drinking, about easing oneself, about sexual intercourse.
People want security in this insecure world.
I hate being so nostalgic about the Sixties.
You can't really copy what I do because I don't do anything.
Rockers are the nicest people to photograph. They have no inhibitions.
Being dyslexic, I was told that I was an idiot all the time.
Rather than knowing more, I think I've got more open-minded.
I am not responsible for all the journalists in the past that have told lies.
I don't really like the term 'artist.' I'm not sure what it means. It's a bit like 'love.'
The first half of the 20th century belongs to Picasso, and the second half is about photography. They said digital would kill photography because everyone can do it, but they said that about the box brownie in 1885 when it came out. It makes photography interesting because everyone thinks they can take a picture.
The reason I did fashion was it was the only way to get paid to do anything creative. You couldn't support yourself as an 'artist' - I hate that word. The only way you could be 'arty' was as a fashion photographer, because it still had a certain amount of integrity involved.
I was surrounded by strong women so it had never even occurred to me that women were anything other than equal to men.
I don't think global warming is to do with us, I think it's a natural circle. I don't think a few Ferraris make that much difference.
I always go for simplicity.
You adapt to who you're photographing.
I've been used by women all my life, fortunately.
The only thing they can't teach you at art school is art.
London changes because of money. It's real estate. If they can build some offices or expensive apartments they will, it's money that changes everything in a city.
My friends are all megalomaniacs - from Damien Hirst to Jack Nicholson - all of them.
I had a terrible time with feminists in the Seventies. They hated me, those women. I think they hated everything.
I never tried to revolutionise photography; I just do what I do and keep my fingers crossed that people will like it.
I was ten when I got my first serious beating. It was rough.
In France they don't think I'm difficult.
I hate men who are in touch with their feminine side.
I like change. There's something Buddhist about it - continuous change is wonderful.
I'm not political and I don't judge.
I don't feel very optimistic in London.
I've had some weird experiences.
I am mad about my wife.
All my ex-girlfriends or wives are all kind of great friends and I've never understood somebody who can live with somebody for five or six years and then not like them.
Instead of putting someone in prison for being a hooligan, give him a choice. He may have beaten someone up and he's got eight years, but tell him you can do eight years inside or spend five years in the Army. Put him in the Parachute Regiment, they'd soon sort him out.
I did painting before I did photography.
Sometimes I still can't believe my luck.
The Sixties was a time of breaking down class barriers, although I think class still exists today in some areas.
Photography is more about money now but then so are most things.
I know everything should be photographed. It helps me make sense of my existence.
If I have any sexist feelings they are aimed at men: I hate manly men.
I suppose because my work was so popular people didn't really look at it.
I've always been a bit flip.
Nothing wrong with retouching - nothing new about retouching.
I love people for giving me their time. It's a privilege - I make the most of it.
I always look at people and think how I would cast them.
When I stop working, I go out and start working again. Most people paint a picture, or whatever they do, and go home. For me, it has to be continuous.
In a way, a man's body is more beautiful than a woman's.
I don't see the point of photographing trees or rocks because they're there and anyone can photograph them if they're prepared to hang around and wait for the light.
Fashion often starts off beautiful and becomes ugly, whereas art starts off ugly sometimes and becomes beautiful.
Girls are more attractive to me than dresses.
You have to kind of be invisible when you photograph children, so you use a longer lens.
I don't think it matters where I came from any more.
I'm never shocked, I'm not the shockable type!
I have never met an ugly woman.
Journalists never make it clear when you are joking.
My paintings are rubbish.
The trouble with people like Tony Blair is they get confused, they think intelligence is education when they're two different things.
The earth has a life of its own.
I'm not really one for regrets.
I don't like any sport except boxing and bull fighting.
I used to love the '20s.
My father was a tailor, my mother a machinist.
I'm not mad about movies, there are too many people involved in the making of them, and they lack a definitive creative focus.
The only thing approaching art in a movie is the script.
I didn't know a time when there wasn't a war because I spent all my time from the age of two or three to eight in a coal cellar really.
In '73 I photographed the cannibals in New Guinea. They treated me OK but they didn't make you feel relaxed... I managed to escape unscathed though, I'm pretty good at that.
I don't do proud.
I'm not a philosopher, I'm just a simple boy from East Ham.
I love learning new techniques.
I'm an image-maker.
It's only a few nutcases who do art for themselves, like Van Gogh.
I didn't know I was going to live for 50 years. It has come as a shock.
It always amazes me when people ask you to do something and then tell you how to do it.
There's nothing wrong with being a fashion photographer, but it's a bit limited.
John Parsons, the gay art director at 'Vogue,' really started my career.
I think about death all the time. I know there's nothing out there, but I'm curious. There's a 300 billion-to-one chance that there might be an energy that goes somewhere else, but I doubt it.
Good shoes are important. I wear English brogues in a wide fitting. They last me years.
If something becomes old-fashioned, it was no good to start with. Think about it. Michelangelo is not old-fashioned.
Kate Moss is the best thing since Jean Shrimpton, really.
Botticelli would have made a very good fashion photographer. He did eight heads instead of seven heads in a body, which is fashion illustration.
