American,Photographer
The gallery is generating work for the masses.
A lot of my work comes from my life experiences.
We all take from our artistic endeavors what we as individuals need, to make the process unique and fulfilling to ourselves.
The great thing about this thing we call art is that it has no rules.
No matter how fast I could do it with the digital camera I don't think I would get the same thing out of it. The passion I have for formulating an idea stands alone. It is the important essence of what I do.
To me, that is the essence of me as a photographer. It is those ideas, working with them, formulating them and eventually putting them down on paper, photographing them and then going on to the next step.
I think the digital camera would record that information too fast for me.
I think all photographers fit their vision to their personality.
The darkroom is just the means to an end.
I don't know, the older I get, the more complicated I think I get, which is a hindrance.
I don't need the money I generate from photography to support myself.
If you're not going to tell something if you're not going to expose something it's real easy to go in and photograph from behind the camera and not expose any of your weaknesses.
I tried painting for a short time and realized that I was not a child prodigy at painting.
I photographed rocks and trees and tide pools and nudes and all that stuff for years and years. Until 20 years ago when I found that I could do it in the studio and never have to travel.
In front of the camera I look and I see visually what I've created.
My surprises come usually once I start rolling and photographing.
You work on an idea, your first interpretation is very raw and you work it and you work it and it gets polished and polished. It gets to a certain level and then it comes down off that peak.
Any nude is a something you setup in front of the camera.
Galleries, and they're all the same, and rightly so, they sell work.
If no one wants to jump into a Kim Weston and drive it down the street. That's fine with me I don't care. I know my work is good and I know it's serious work.
Well, now I'm an old photographer and I still don't sell.
I just love photographing. I don't do it for anyone else.
I felt no pressure that my grandfather was famous and my uncle was famous.
What I had to prove was that I had a dedication and a desire and a passion to do the work and everything else would fall in place because I have a vision that I want to portray and it did and I do it. I don't sell anything.
I don't think at that time I realized how important it was and how important it was for me to be here and carry on that legacy in our family of being a photographer.
My son does a little photography, but he's not involved the way I was.
