English,Photographer
For a selfie, it's not about the pose, it's about you. There's a reason why you look great in the picture or you look great in real life, because someone has caught the essence of who you are, and a pose is not you.
The life you're leading is the sexiest part of you.
Capturing a beautiful moment in a photo is something I'm very passionate about.
For guys, growing older is fine. Gray hair and wrinkles aren't considered a bad thing.
For me the most important thing to do in a selfie is to have an opinion and to say something with the picture. Don't just take a picture of yourself like, 'Here I am.' It's what are you thinking? Are you happy? Are you angry? Do you like it? Do you not like it? Think an emotion and apply it to your eyes.
People think New York is this big city where no one knows each other, but when you live in the Village, it's the opposite.
I'm much more about the emotion that a photograph provokes out of you and less about how technically brilliant it is.
Write 'judge of beautiful women' on my tombstone. I'd be quite happy.
My family are everything to me. They come first in everything I do.
I am always on the go; being a photographer, filmmaker, author and a father, things become stressful, and it is important to find time to escape for a few minutes.
I photograph different people all the time. I like to shoot all kinds of people.
I got a camera when I was nine years old and it wasn't until I was a model that I realized you could be a photographer for a job.
Kate Moss is small and not necessarily model dimensions but she has that special something.
I have a book out called 'The Beauty Equation' and it discusses how off track we have gone in considering beauty.
Certainly, people feel awkward when they have their photograph taken. They want to see it, but they don't want to see it.
Someone who is comfortable, someone who is happy, you see them immediately sit up, stand up and feel better about themselves. If you're able to capture that in a picture, that's the most beautiful picture you can ever take of someone.
I'm truly excited to align with Art.co.uk and share with the world the wondrous sites and travels I've experienced.
Nonni's Biscotti Bites fit perfectly in my camera bag for a spontaneous break between photo shoots.
I'm happy to help Crest Whitestrips on their mission to inspire photographers everywhere to capture smile moments and would encourage aspiring photographers to express themselves through their photos.
Even though photographers are only shooting the outside, beauty is more about who you are as a person - the life you lead - not your facade.
As soon as you 'Botox' your smile lines away, you lose part of your identity.
There's almost an element of selfies that is like photo therapy. People look upon themselves in a picture and then they critique themselves without knowing so, and that's what's happening on mass on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.
Everyone gets a pencil as a kid, but it doesn't make them all authors or painters or drawers or anything else.
Whenever you do anything public, you open yourself up to be criticized.
If I am to judge others, I should be subject to be judged. You make your bed, you must lie in it.
I think if more designers designed clothes with a more fuller figure in mind, it would represent women in a greater sense.
