American,Photographer
To make pictures big is to make them more powerful.
I'm looking for the unexpected. I'm looking for things I've never seen before.
Beauty and the devil are the same thing.
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
When I have sex with someone I forget who I am. For a minute I even forget I'm human. It's the same thing when I'm behind a camera. I forget I exist.
My lifestyle is bizarre, but the only thing you need to know is where the darkroom is.
My father wants me to be like my brother, but I can't be.
I'm not photographing anything naked these days. I haven't been concentrating on bodies recently.
I went into photography because it seemed like the perfect vehicle for commenting on the madness of today's existence.
I became the toast of London. A lot of people I met came from these really decadent families where the married men were gay and no one thought anything about it.
I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied.
People don't have time to wait for somebody to paint their portraits anymore. The money is in photography.
You're never going to get anywhere in life if you don't live up to your obligations.
I played around with the flowers and the lighting, so that was a good way to educate myself.
I always thought I was good. That's why it was so frustrating when other people didn't agree.
If I have to change my lifestyle, I don't want to live.
If I am at a party, I want to be at the party. Too many photographers use the camera to avoid participating in things. They become professional observers.
I don't know why my pictures come out looking so good. I just don't get it.
With photography, you zero in; you put a lot of energy into short moments, and then you go on to the next thing.
Whenever you make love to someone, there should be three people involved - you, the other person, and the devil.
This AIDS stuff is pretty scary. I hope I don't get it.
The photographs that are art have to be separated from the rest - then preserved.
The more pictures you see, the better you are as a photographer.
Sell the public flowers... things that they can hang on their walls without being uptight.
One must ease the public into it - that's an art in itself.
My theory about creativity is that the more money one has, the more creative one can be.
