British,Photographer
The thing about tourism is that the reality of a place is quite different from the mythology of it.
Personally, I don't take holidays; I go on trips. My idea of relaxing is taking a trip that isn't commissioned. I'll work just as hard, but without that nagging pressure of fulfilling a commission. Now that's what I call a holiday.
I would urge everyone to start looking at the world in a different way. Spend some time looking at everyday objects, at their design, their shape, their individual characteristics. Think ahead and imagine their significance.
Tourism is the biggest industry in the world.
My black-and-white work is more of a celebration, and the color work became more of a critique of society.
I just go out and try to make sense of the world around me.
If there is any jarring at all in my photographs, it's because we are so used to ingesting pictures of everywhere looking beautiful.
Wealthy people have not disappeared, they are just not so willing to show off their wealth.
Places change all the time, and the type of people who live there change.
When someone says to you, 'Oh, I don't take a good picture,' what they mean is they haven't come to terms with how they look. They take a fine picture, it's just that their image of how they think they look is not in touch with the reality.
The idea of England in decline is very attractive.
I never think of photographs as being individual. Always as a group.
Photography is the simplest thing in the world, but it is incredibly complicated to make it really work.
I think the ordinary is a very under-exploited aspect of our lives because it is so familiar.
Taking photos is a form of collecting.
In the '70s, in Britain, if you were going to do serious photography, you were obliged to work in black-and-white. Color was the palette of commercial photography and snapshot photography.
I like to keep in touch with younger photographers. It's important that a younger generation comes up and questions the assumptions made by old farts like me.
Of course, New Brighton is very shabby, very rundown, but people still go there because it's the place where you take kids out on a Sunday.
Photography is, by its nature, exploitative. It's whether you use this process with a sense of responsibility or not. I feel that I do so. My conscience is clear.
Criticism is hypocrisy; society is hypocrisy. I'm a tourist. I'm a consumer. I do the things that I photograph and can be criticized of.
We live in a homogenized world, where it's hard to get excited when everything is slick and professional. The interesting things are the dull things.
There are elements of irony in my work, of course.
Fashion pictures show people looking glamorous. Travel pictures show a place looking at its best, nothing to do with the reality. In the cookery pages, the food always looks amazing, right? Most of the pictures we consume are propaganda.
If you go to the supermarket and buy a package of food and look at the photo on the front, the food never looks like that inside, does it? That is a fundamental lie we are sold every day.
Part of the role of photography is to exaggerate, and that is an aspect that I have to puncture. I do that by showing the world as I really find it.
Photographers never want to talk about the fact that they may well be in decline. It's the greatest taboo subject of all.
I toyed with the notion of being an actor, and am so glad that this whim did not go any further.
I have been photographing people dancing for 20 or 30 years now, and I think I will eventually do a book of dancing photos.
Over the years, I have perfected the art of dancing and photographing at the same time: it's a great double act. If you're dancing, you are joining in. If you stand there rigid, you are not in the flow of things.
I get up early and open my emails, write cheques, and answer the phone; whatever needs to be done.
Most of the photographs people take with their cameraphones are of little value in terms of documentary.
You can easily take photographs at a wedding - no one would question it. But funerals are different.
I always take photographs when I attend a funeral. Most people there know who I am and expect me to be there with my camera.
Sometimes you feel uncomfortable taking a photograph, but that's all part of the job.
We live in a difficult but inspiring world, and there is so much out there that I want to record.
The knack is to find your own inspiration and take it on a journey to create work that is personal and revealing.
Choosing sepia is all to do with trying to make the image look romantic and idealistic. It's sort of a soft version of propaganda.
You can't shoot in sepia, so converting into black and white and then into brown makes everything feel less real.
Sepia in particular tends to make everything look a bit romantic and almost sentimental, hence the fact that it remains such a popular choice for wedding photographs.
As we travel around Britain, I am convinced most of us cannot really appreciate what we are seeing. We take too much for granted, because it is all so familiar.
Most of us, when we go out with a camera in our own country, try to find exotic subject matter to photograph.
I pride myself in being an aficionado of the British seaside. Throughout my career, I have visited and worked in many of the famous British resorts, from Great Yarmouth to Largs.
I am not as cross about Thatcher now as I was in the '80s. Begrudgingly, I can see that some of her policies helped modernise Britain.
Modern technology has taken the angst out of achieving the perfect shot. For me, the only thing that counts is the idea behind the image: what you want to see and what you're trying to say. The idea is crucial. You have to think of something you want to say and expand upon it.
By default, I am a travel photographer. I work on a combination of commissions and personal projects that take me around the world.
For those aspiring to make a living from travel photography, it's a sad fact that the boring shots are the shots that are going to make you money.
