English,Scientist
The cycling helmet can save your life, but it doesn't look good and tends to ruin your hair.
The world is not limited by IQ. We are all limited by bravery and creativity.
Failures are cheap if you do them first. Failures are expensive if you do them at the end.
Failing doesn't have to mean not succeeding. It can be, 'Hey we tried that. We can go forward, smarter.'
The real goal of AI is to understand and build devices that can perceive, reason, act, and learn at least as well as we can.
Most of us have to spend a lot of energy to learn how to drive a car. Then we have to spend the rest of our lives over-concentrating as we drive and text and eat a burrito and put on makeup. As a result, 30,000 people die every year in a car accident in the U.S.
It is the essence of innovation to fail most of the time.
Most ideas don't work out. Almost all ideas don't work out. So it's okay if yours didn't work out.
To say a scientist is not at all responsible is wrong. But to say that someone who invents a piece of knowledge or technology is responsible for all future uses is ridiculous. It doesn't have to be that binary.
It's crazy that you have to tell your phone or your computer or your house or your car 'It's me!' hundreds of times a day. Wearables will solve that problem.
Moonshots live in that place between audacious projects and pure science fiction.
I'm a father to four kids, so it bothers me that even though our children think big naturally, our society systematically trains them out of thinking that way.
Going from an error rate of 25 meters in GPS to 2.5 meters is huge. Going to 25 centimeters is going to matter just as much.
There is no law of physics that says just because we're connected, there has to be this schism between our physical lives and our digital lives.
People do really stupid things while driving.
We are serious as a heart attack about making the world a better place.
If software's the only thing in your bag of tools, I'm not going to give you great odds.
We've got rings, glasses, we wear things for armor, for protection from the elements, to signal our status to other people. And we're going to co-opt a lot of those things, where wearables are going to end up being the interface between us in the world.
Really, having people who have different mental perspectives is what's important.
I do believe that making a factory for innovation, a moon-shot factory, is possible.
VisiCalc and WordPerfect were the killer apps of their day, but Google and Facebook make them look small in comparison.
I think wearables in general have, as their best calling, to better understand our current state and needs and to express those back to the world.
Here is the surprising truth: It's often easier to make something 10 times better than it is to make it 10 percent better.
Moonshot thinking starts with picking a big problem: something huge, long existing, or on a global scale.
I personally have a philosophy around authenticity and vulnerability.
I believe that the right thing for us to do, as much as we can and without confusing people, is to talk about how we're doing, the things that are going well but also the things that aren't going well.
I grant that people are generally uncomfortable with how fast privacy issues are changing in the world, but Google Glass is not going to move the needle on that.
There's no point having something worn on your body - that's a big ask - unless you can give people something they really couldn't get otherwise. It has to be qualitatively better for it to be worn.
I think we'll see, not only with Glass, but the watch wearables, with the contact lens, that each of these things have their own best purpose, but it will take more on our part and society's part to figure out what that is.
The great decision was the Explorer program. The thing we did not do well is that we allowed and somewhat encouraged too much exposure to the program.
You make a ton of progress by making a ton of mistakes.
The longer you work on something, the more you don't really want to know what the world is going to tell you.
When technology reaches that level of invisibility in our lives, that's our ultimate goal. It vanishes into our lives. It says, 'You don't have to do the work; I'll do the work.'
Phones would not be better if they could be cooler looking, if they could weight less, or if they could have more battery. Phones would be better if we didn't have to carry them around.
We're going to look back and wonder why we had to micro-control our cars.
When you go into a bar, there are hundreds and hundreds of cameras in that bar - many of them installed by that bar. They might be checking something or taking a picture of you.
Glass is the world's worst spy camera. If you want to surreptitiously take photos, I would not use Glass.
There's this open question of what Google is going to be a decade or more from now. Google X isn't the only answer to that question, but it was built as a place to do some of the exploration to find some great new problems for Google to tackle.
Every time you drop the price by a factor of two, you roughly get a 10 times pickup of the number of people who will seriously consider buying it.
Every day, hundreds of millions of people stab themselves, bleed, and then offer, like a sacrifice, to the glucose monitor they're carrying with them. It's such a bad user interface that even though in the medium-term it's life or death for these people, hundreds of millions of people don't engage in this user interface.
The moonshot for Google Glass is to harmonize the physical and digital worlds. It is specifically to find a way to help people be naturally, elegantly situated, physical and digitally, at the same time.
I don't believe a mistake-free learning environment exists.
Anything which is a huge problem for humanity we'll sign up for, if we can find a way to fix it.
We are proposing that there is value in a totally new product category and a totally new set of questions. Just like the Apple II proposed, 'Would you reasonably want a computer in your home if you weren't an accountant or professional?' That is the question Glass is asking, and I hope in the end that is how it will be judged.
We know in our hearts that technology at its best should make us feel even more human than we currently feel. Sometimes it makes us feel less human.
I'm a compulsive storyteller, an avid reader, and have always nurtured the secret goal of spending my life as a writer.
Ultimately, a timeless story has to be about the human condition.
Our culture already has a number of well known stories about artificial life and non-human intelligence. In 'Exegesis,' I've tried to not only tell a new and engaging story but also to comment on those well known stories through the details of my novel.
Google is already overflowing with incredibly creative bright groups already working on lots of the software problems of the world.
Find some fun way to get a little more oil on your hands or mud on your boots. Sometimes, that's what it takes to take down some of the really big problems.
If we want to help Google become something meaningfully different in the future, then that's more likely to happen if we focus on the physical world instead.
Your body is spewing off millions of data points a second.
Let's make health care a meritocracy. Access to the best care goes to people who did what they could to avoid becoming ill.
Wouldn't it be awesome if we had a jetpack that wasn't a death trap? The problem is that it is going to be so power inefficient. I just couldn't live with that... it would be as loud as a motorcycle.
A ten-times increase in the weight-oriented density of batteries would enable so many other moonshots, if we can find a great idea. We just haven't found one yet.
