American,Scientist
Anthropology never has had a distinct subject matter, and because it doesn't have a real method, there's a great deal of anxiety over what it is.
I'm an inveterate fox and not a hedgehog, so I always think you should try everything.
Meaning is socially, historically, and rhetorically constructed.
People keep asking how anthropology is different from sociology, and everybody gets nervous.
Anthropology in general has always been fairly hospitable to female scholars, and even to feminist scholars.
I never leave a sentence or a paragraph until I'm satisfied with it.
I've often been accused of making anthropology into literature, but anthropology is also field research. Writing is central to it.
Gender consciousness has become involved in almost every intellectual field: history, literature, science, anthropology. There's been an extraordinary advance.
I think of myself as a writer who happens to be doing his writing as an anthropologist.
The way in which mathematicians and physicists and historians talk is quite different, and what a physicist means by physical intuition and what a mathematician means by beauty or elegance are things worth thinking about.
I think the perception of there being a deep gulf between science and the humanities is false.
I think feminism has had a major impact on anthropology.
If there's ever a place where you can't argue that you can put the facts over here and the text over there and see if they fit, it is surely in anthropology.
Has feminism made us all more conscious? I think it has. Feminist critiques of anthropological masculine bias have been quite important, and they have increased my sensitivity to that kind of issue.
I agree with Chomsky in almost nothing. When it comes to innate structures and so on, I'm very skeptical.
I do think the attempt to raise consciousness has succeeded. People are very aware of gender concerns now.
I don't feel that an atmosphere of debate and total disagreement and argument is such a bad thing. It makes for a vital and alive field.
I don't have the notion that everybody has to write in some single academic style.
I don't think things are moving toward an omega point; I think they're moving toward more diversity.
I don't write drafts. I write from the beginning to the end, and when it's finished, it's done.
I had a hard time convincing students that they were going to North Africa to understand the North Africans, not to understand themselves.
I think the American university system still seems to be the best system in the world.
I think what's known about neurology is still scattered and uncertain.
I was trained in the '50s as a New Critic. I remember what literature was like before the New Critics, when people stood up and talked about Shelley's soul and such things.
I'm writing a review of three books on feminism and science, and it's about social constructionism. So I would say I'm a social constructionist, whatever that means.
I've written a lot of books which are written from the moon - the view from nowhere.
