Israeli,Scientist
Sustainable development requires human ingenuity. People are the most important resource.
Wherever I go in the world, I'm treated like royalty.
My childhood dream was to study mechanical engineering. After reading 'The Mysterious Island' - which I read 25 times as a boy - I thought that was the best thing a person could do. The engineer in the book knows mechanics and physics, and he creates a whole way of life on the island out of nothing. I wanted to be like that.
Let us advance science to create a better world for all.
The good news is world population growth rate decreases systematically and is expected to reach zero by 2050, thanks to urbanisation and women's education.
I always say that people are like peanut shells on the ocean: the waves will take them everywhere.
The good people look for challenges. When teaching becomes a prestigious profession, then you'll get good people.
I told myself, 'I am teaching entrepreneurship, so I should be an entrepreneur myself.'
On April 8, 1982, I was alone in the electron microscope room when I discovered the Icosahedral Phase that opened the field of quasi-periodic crystals.
A humble scientist is a good scientist.
Science is the ultimate tool to reveal the laws of nature, and the one word written on its banner is Truth.
I think the main lesson that I have learned is that a good scientist is a humble scientist who is open-minded to listen to other scientists when they discover something.
Crystallographers believed in X-ray results, which are of course very accurate. But the x-rays are limited, and electron microscopy filled the gap, and so the discovery of quasicrystals could have been discovered only by electron microscopy, and the community of crystallographers, for several years, was not willing to listen.
In most cases, the news is not really news. But in some cases, discoveries are made and should be listened to.
I fell in love with science and decided to continue for my Ph.D., and from there on, I was a scientist.
The frontiers of science, on the very small scale and very large scale, require large investments and international effort.
Select a subject that interests you and make an effort to become an expert in that field. I promise you, if you make the effort, and you become an expert, you will have a wonderful career.
The message from the Technion when I was a student was: 'You will be so good that when you graduate, everyone will want to hire you.'
The Technion didn't teach students how to open a start-up.
I hope that I have had some effect on the fact that Israel is a start-up nation.
I know there is a stereotype that I am naive, but I know what I want, and I know what I'm doing to get there.
I can unite the people of Israel, so I won't speak about controversial issues, which divide the people.
I am a proud Zionist. I can tell you about every blossom that grows in this land. I know the history and the Bible.
I told everyone who was ready to listen that I had material with pentagonal symmetry. People just laughed at me.
In the forefront of science, there is not much difference between religion and science. People harbor beliefs. That's what happens when people believe something religiously.
I'm proud of my family, very proud - I have ten grandchildren, four children, and one wife.
