American,Scientist
Your sweetheart calls you by another's name. His eyes linger too long on your best friend. He talks with excitement about a girl at work. And the fire catches. Jealousy - that sickening combination of possessiveness, suspicion, rage, and humiliation - can overtake your mind and threaten your very core as you contemplate your rival.
Good-looking people are always looking for other good-looking people.
We evolved in a tropical climate where the smells of plants and flowers were all around us. We spent a lot of time in the trees with a lot of sunlight and no clothes.
Today, most women are surrounded by ingenious gadgets. They don't grow the peas or raise the chicken that they serve for dinner; instead they hunt and gather in the grocery store. They go through catalogs or department stores to buy clothes instead of shearing sheep, carding wool, and weaving cloth for skirts and coats and blankets.
There's biology in everything, even when you're feeling spiritual.
Romantic love is an addiction.
Why do we feel jealousy? Therapists often regard the demon as a scar of childhood trauma or a symptom of a psychological problem. And it's true that people who feel inadequate, insecure, or overly dependent tend to be more jealous than others.
Natural beauty really entices men. They will tell you this time and time again, and studies consistently prove it.
Research shows that couples who have a lot of similarities, including intellectual compatibility, end up staying together.
Barriers tend to intensify romance. It's called the 'Romeo and Juliet effect.' I call it 'frustration attraction.'
Jealousy can even be good for love. One partner may feel secretly flattered when the other is mildly jealous. And catching someone flirting with your beloved can spark the kind of lust and romance that reignites a relationship.
At first I assumed hate was the opposite of love. But it isn't. The opposite of love is indifference.
The reason you take antidepressants is to feel calm. And romantic love is not calm - it's elation, it's mood swings, and you're killing all that when you take the drug.
You've got to remember that men are men and women are women. And although a lot of similarities, there are some real differences.
Globalization requires taking a broad contextual and long-term view.
There's more than one person on the planet. When you're madly in love, that's not what you think.
Blushing is thought to be linked to increased levels of norepinephrine in the brain, which may be associated with romantic feelings. It signals that we are interested and excited, which is attractive to men.
A hundred years ago, if you had a child out of marriage, you'd be a social disgrace. Today women feel comfortable enough economically and culturally to bring up a child without a recognized commitment from a man.
Sometimes we fall in love with somebody who will probably never love us, for reasons having nothing to do with us but with their own mindset, their chemistry.
Experiences shape the brain, but the brain shapes the way we view experiences, too.
From my studies of genetics and neuroscience I have come to believe that people fall into four broad personality types - each influenced by a different brain chemical: I call them the Explorer, Builder, Director, and Negotiator.
Women apparently are quite drawn to men who have differences rather than similarities in their histocompatibility system. They pick it up by smell, and they can pick it up from kissing.
Games are the way we keep romance alive. They're based in human hardwiring. Playing hard-to-get or leaving a little to the imagination allows the woman to be wooed and appreciated and the man to be challenged and intrigued.
You can really get poked in the back and not feel it very much, but just a feather around your lips and you really do feel it.
When you massage someone, the levels of oxytocin go up in the brain, and oxytocin is one of the chemicals that drives attachment.
The human brain is built to compare; it's Darwinian to consider an alternative when one presents itself.
A lot of people head into courtship looking for fireworks. Don't pass up a chance by dumping someone after a first date because you don't feel the fireworks. The fireworks can happen at any time and be maintained.
In that early-love stage, you're in that state of exhilaration. You talk till dawn. You become obsessed with 'What does he think?' 'Does he like me?' 'Does he think I'm fat?'
Kissing is not just kissing. It is a major escalation or de-escalation point in a powerful process of mate choice.
There were real reasons that you were attracted to somebody originally. The brain doesn't pick willy-nilly. Unless you part ways hating each other for some reason, that mechanism could get triggered again. You can literally fall in love again.
Liberals and conservatives are looking for entirely different things. Their attitudes toward romance and how they court are really dramatically different. There's almost no overlap.
My hypothesis is that conservative Republicans have very clear values, and when you have that, you're simply more relaxed.
I can't conceive of caring more about my president than my own partner.
There are cognitive processes and limbic reactions associated with basic emotions. And you can change brain chemistry, but you're still not going to change memories and experiences in a human being.
People have been looking for love potions since hunter-gatherer societies.
People kill for love. They die for love.
Of all the foods we share, there is nothing more primordial than meat. It's no surprise that meat-eaters still want a partner who will give, receive and share this primordial symbol of a budding partnership.
The women's movement is just a symptom of basic changes in the economy that are favoring women.
Any kind of novelty or excitement drives up dopamine in the brain, and dopamine is associated with romantic love.
When chimps threaten, they open their mouth and show their teeth. It's a little like waving a knife in front of you. It's very primitive, and therefore bizarre.
I've always maintained that men were more romantic than women.
The Internet lets women use words, which is their natural tool. Little girls speak in more complex, grammatical sentences than little boys do, and women never lose that superiority in verbal ability.
Men tend to be hierarchical, but women are driven to make lateral connections so they can cooperate.
Both sexes like the exercise and challenge of sports, but for men it's also a basic display behavior for impressing and winning a mate.
We all have restlessness in long-term relationships.
You can get into a very fancy car and know everything about the engine, but when you drive in that car, you feel that rush. In the same way, I think the more you know about love, the more you can enjoy it. And knowing about your personality type, who you are and what kind of person you're dealing with gives you a great leg up.
We still have community, but we don't seem to have local community. Even in a small town where you know your neighbors and your mother's down the street, they're not in arm's length.
Like most animals, we're wired to associate height with power.
In courtship, who wins and who loses will determine who passes on their DNA to tomorrow.
A woman of 40 or 50 or 60 can take estrogen replacements, get facelifts, spend her money in bars.
We're apt to fall in love with those who are mysterious and challenging to us.
If two very different people pool their DNA, they'll create more genetic variety, and their young will come to the job of parenting with a wider array of skills.
When you can't have someone but you're not willing to accept that, you try harder and become more extreme about it. Either you win the person back or you drive him away.
Women have a better sense of smell than men do, and it's even sharper in the middle of their menstrual cycle, when estrogen levels peak and women are more likely to be deciding whether a man's attractive.
Women like signs of money and education - things that indicate that not only is this guy going to have some resources, but he's also willing to share them.
Women have a better sense of color and a better color memory. They're more likely to notice when something doesn't match; more likely to notice what you're wearing.
Touch is the mother of the senses. Not only are women more sensitive when they touch, but they're also more sensitive to being touched.
Real competition can drive up testosterone, which boosts libido.
Women spend their lives trying to look good for men. So a woman who feels she's sending the right visual signals is pleased with herself.
When you fight, anger drives up testosterone in both men and women.
I think romantic love evolved to enable you to focus your mating energy on just one individual at a time, thereby conserving mating time and energy.
Almost always, when I'm on TV, the producers who call me, who negotiate what we're going to say, is a woman.
I think the happiness we find, we make.
You fall in love with somebody who fits within what I call your 'love map,' an unconscious list of traits that you build in childhood as you grow up. And I also think that you gravitate to certain people, actually, with somewhat complementary brain systems.
People have often asked me whether what I know about love has spoiled it for me. And I just simply say, 'Hardly.' You can know every single ingredient in a piece of chocolate cake, and then when you sit down and eat that cake, you can still feel that joy.
Men want to think women don't cheat, and women want men to think they don't cheat, and therefore the sexes have been playing a little psychological game with each other.
We are wired to find love.
Women, it turns out, are built to lead - particularly in the modern world.
You size up someone physically in less than one second - too tall, too short, too fat, too thin, too old, too young, too stuffy, too scruffy.
Women are very attracted to a low voice because it's linked to testosterone, which for millions of years was a sign that men had very good spacial skills and would have been very good at hunting and finding their way back home.
Saliva has testosterone and estrogen. When you kiss, you're having a chemical experience.
I was married and divorced at 23.
I have always been interested in how you can walk into a room and there will be 40 people there and you are immediately drawn to one.
Young women today do not marry the men they met in high school, or even the one they go out with at college, because they do not need to.
Hair that gleams can send a clear sign that you're young and in your prime, whatever your actual age.
For men, being too put-together implies femininity.
A Rolex watch or an expensive car are the things guys often use to show status, wealth, and basic desirability.
Until recently, we regarded love as supernatural. We were willing to study the brain chemistry of fear and depression and anger but not love.
Every time you cuddle with your children, you're likely to be driving down your testosterone.
There's a lot of talk about the positive aspects of love. We as a society downplay the danger, the anxiety, and the disappointment. We romanticize romance.
If we remained perpetually infatuated, we couldn't eat, sleep or work.
We're not very dangerous animals; we don't have a horn like a rhino or quills like a porcupine.
It's almost as if men who get tribal tattoos are trying to signal that they are dangerous, they're to be respected, and they're powerful.
Any time you choose not to hide your tattoo, you're limiting your social sphere, because they're not popular in big business.
Your face and head give more information about you than any other body part.
People compose poetry, novels, sitcoms - for love.
Whether you're married or not, relationships - and the satisfaction tied to them - are extremely important for increasing men's and women's quality of life.
Men have a psychological need to show off their courage and strength. When he sees you talking to another guy, that instinct kicks in and he jumps to protect you and prove he's worthy of your love.
Hair that looks like it's been naturally sun-bleached makes you seem youthful, like you spend a lot of time outdoors. And that appeals to most people.
Despite the myth that men are less committed, they are predisposed to desire marriage.
Men fall in love faster than, and just as often as, women.
We spend our lives trying to get along with people so we can keep our jobs, keep our marriages together, so that we can raise our kids properly.
Love is not an emotion; it is a drive.
Psychologists maintain that the dizzying feeling of intense romantic love lasts only about 18 months to - at best - three years.
The brain was not built to walk into a bar, where you know nobody, and start a conversation. That's not the way humanity has courted.
When somebody leaves Match.com or Chemistry.com, they ask you why you left. One box you can check is, 'I found somebody.' Between 15 and 20 percent of people check that box.
A lot of people have been romantically in love with somebody who they feel wasn't appropriate to marry.
Haiti is the poorest country in the western hemisphere; some say the poorest in the world.
More and more of us live segmented, compartmentalized lives. This isn't natural. For millions of years, our forebears knew everyone around them and everyone knew them.
As societies continue to loosen their standards regarding what is appropriate female and male behavior, I think we are going to realize we have not only underestimated women, but also men.
The only people you and I are likely to know in common are people in the news - politicians, journalists and celebrities.
As social animals, we need to exchange juicy tales about someone - to connect with one another. For millions of years our forebears must have sat around the campfire, whispering about everyone they knew.
I suspect privacy is a very new concept to humanity.
Along with our many human propensities, we evolved a huge cerebral cortex with which we make decisions.
Today, American women bear an average of 2.2 children that live to adulthood. Across most of Europe, women bear even fewer young.
As women in industrial societies join the paid workforce, they gain the economic means to depart unhappy marriages more easily.
Neither gender is routinely more jealous - although women are more willing to work to win back a lover, while men tend to flaunt their money and status and are more likely to walk out to protect their self-esteem or save face.
Most of us make up our minds in the first three minutes of meeting someone whether there's a potential for a relationship.
In general, men are wired to notice obvious signs that convey interest in mating - a warm smile, for example - and ignore other subtleties, like if your lipstick is faded.
Men couldn't care less if your strands are perfectly styled and neat. In fact, he might like you more with some wildness or bedhead, since it shows you're carefree and relaxed.
Overdone lipstick is a deterrent to men. It rubs off easily onto their skin and the edges of their shirts, so it discourages them from kissing, touching, and coming closer to you, which is what they really want to do!
As a group, anthropologists are not too fond of people who work in the business world.
Scientists know that women gravitate to men who have a different immune system from theirs.
Women are naturally prone to compete over their mates.
I think you will find that with divorce will come happier remarriages.
