Japanese,Scientist
From my father, I learned the importance of working sincerely at things to which I had committed myself, and to persevere untiringly even in the face of little progress.
I suppose the reason I chose electrical engineering was because I had always been interested in electricity, involving myself in such projects as building radios from the time I was a child.
I cannot say that I was a particularly diligent student, especially during the lower grades.
My natural mother died one month after I was born, apparently due to giving birth at an advanced age.
My grandmother valued even the smallest of things.
The tenacious character I've possessed since I was a small child propelled me to successfully meet this challenge, and I was able to safely gain acceptance to the university of my choice.
Upon receiving my notification of acceptance to the university, my parents noticed that they were obliged to submit to the university, among other things, a copy of my official family register. After much mental anguish, they decided to inform me of the secret of my birth.
The thought grew strong in me that since I had gone to the trouble of being born, I might as well be useful in helping people live long and healthy lives. And this thought has always resided in the back of my mind.
In 1978, I entered Tohoku University, into the Department of Electrical Engineering, Faculty of Technology.
The Faculty of Technology of Tohoku University is renowned for its tradition of practical studies.
In such an environment, I was able to study things that could be of immediate usefulness to the world. That learning experience undoubtedly served me well when I eventually entered the work force.
When it came time to find employment, I set my sights on becoming an engineer at a home electronics manufacturer, a field that was closely related to my major at university.
Most of the work performed by a development engineer results in failure.
However, the occasional visit of success provides just the excitement an engineer needs to face work the following day.
