American,Scientist
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.
A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things.
Human nature is potentially aggressive and destructive and potentially orderly and constructive.
Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents.
Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.
Anthropology demands the open-mindedness with which one must look and listen, record in astonishment and wonder that which one would not have been able to guess.
Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible.
Having two bathrooms ruined the capacity to co-operate.
We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
For the very first time the young are seeing history being made before it is censored by their elders.
I do not believe in using women in combat, because females are too fierce.
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings.
Instead of needing lots of children, we need high-quality children.
Life in the twentieth century is like a parachute jump: you have to get it right the first time.
Prayer does not use up artificial energy, doesn't burn up any fossil fuel, doesn't pollute. Neither does song, neither does love, neither does the dance.
I have a respect for manners as such, they are a way of dealing with people you don't agree with or like.
I was brought up to believe that the only thing worth doing was to add to the sum of accurate information in the world.
It may be necessary temporarily to accept a lesser evil, but one must never label a necessary evil as good.
The way to do fieldwork is never to come up for air until it is all over.
Our humanity rests upon a series of learned behaviors, woven together into patterns that are infinitely fragile and never directly inherited.
