American,Scientist
The destiny of world civilization depends upon providing a decent standard of living for all mankind.
Civilization as it is known today could not have evolved, nor can it survive, without an adequate food supply.
Roads are essential to any type of agricultural development.
Man's survival, from the time of Adam and Eve until the invention of agriculture, must have been precarious because of his inability to ensure his food supply.
When wheat is ripening properly, when the wind is blowing across the field, you can hear the beards of the wheat rubbing together. They sound like the pine needles in a forest. It is a sweet, whispering music that once you hear, you never forget.
Man can and must prevent the tragedy of famine in the future instead of merely trying with pious regret to salvage the human wreckage of the famine, as he has so often done in the past.
Pricing water delivery closer to its real costs is a necessary step to improving use efficiency.
Abnormal stresses and strains tend to accentuate man's animal instincts and provoke irrational and socially disruptive behavior among the less stable individuals in the maddening crowd.
Almost certainly, however, the first essential component of social justice is adequate food for all mankind.
Food is the moral right of all who are born into this world.
The forgotten world is made up primarily of the developing nations, where most of the people, comprising more than fifty percent of the total world population, live in poverty, with hunger as a constant companion and fear of famine a continual menace.
If people want to believe that the organic food has better nutritive value, it's up to them to make that foolish decision. But there's absolutely no research that shows that organic foods provide better nutrition.
If the world population continues to increase at the same rate, we will destroy the species.
Water covers about 70 percent of the Earth's surface. Of this total, only about 2.5 percent is fresh water, and most of this is frozen in the ice caps of Antarctica and Greenland, in soil moisture, or in deep aquifers not readily accessible for human use.
Most people still fail to comprehend the magnitude and menace of the 'Population Monster.'
There can be no permanent progress in the battle against hunger until the agencies that fight for increased food production and those that fight for population control unite in a common effort.
The lack of roads in Africa greatly hinders agriculture, education, and development.
Without food, man can live at most but a few weeks; without it, all other components of social justice are meaningless.
Yet food is something that is taken for granted by most world leaders despite the fact that more than half of the population of the world is hungry.
As far as plants are concerned, they can't tell whether that nitrate ion comes from artificial chemicals or from decomposed organic matter.
When the Nobel Peace Prize Committee designated me the recipient of the 1970 award for my contribution to the 'green revolution,' they were in effect, I believe, selecting an individual to symbolize the vital role of agriculture and food production in a world that is hungry, both for bread and for peace.
It's a free society. But don't tell the world that we can feed the present population without chemical fertilizer. That's when this misinformation becomes destructive.
Clearly, we need to rethink our attitudes about water and move away from thinking of it as nearly a free good and a God-given right.
Central African farmers don't have any animal power because sleeping sickness kills all the animals - cattle, the horses, the burros and the mules. So draft animals don't exist, and farming is all by hand, and the hand tools are hoes and machetes.
Man seems to insist on ignoring the lessons available from history.
Plant diseases, drought, desolation, despair were recurrent catastrophes during the ages - and the ancient remedies: supplications to supernatural spirits or gods.
