American,Model
I think there's a right time for everything, and I'm a true believer that everything happens for a reason.
I just aspire to be the best I can be. I want to work hard and set one goal at a time for myself.
I'm not trying to be this cool girl. If you're trying to be something you're not, it's slowly going to bite you in the butt.
I always love to dress up, but I usually end up in a leather jacket and boots!
I do like being in front of the camera more and more. Having experience behind it has taught me about lighting and angles, how to move, and what looks good and what doesn't.
I definitely gain weight, and I'm not naturally thin.
In L.A., I love being with my friends and being able to eat out and wear tank tops at night.
I literally order sushi, watch 'Law & Order,' and go to sleep at 9 o'clock every night. I'm a grandmother.
I'm so socially awkward. I really had to put myself out there and meet new people.
If I don't book a job, I like to see it not as a rejection but as a redirection to something different.
On a casual day, I'd usually pull out my vintage Levi's, a pair of loafers or beat-up Converse, a bomber jacket, and a button-down shirt.
The show girls do, like, 12 shows a day. I only did one or two shows a day, and I was like, 'I need to go to sleep.'
I still feel awkward taking a selfie sometimes; it feels a little weird.
I definitely have my Palestinian gene. I love to play host.
I eat a lot of pizza and really unhealthy food.
I'm really self-conscious if I go to trainers, so I just do stuff on my own. I go on the treadmill or do yoga and Pilates if I can.
I would be at horse shows by myself for weeks, and I had to make sure I was on my game at all times.
There wasn't really one time in my life where I was like, 'I want to be a model!'
I've always been really hard on myself. If I didn't book a job, I would cry.
In L.A., I did a lot of vintage flea market dresses and Doc Martens.
I like to do at least 15 minutes of cardio every day if I can fit it in.
My body really reacts well to not eating a lot of wheat or dairy and staying on healthy foods.
My fashion resolution for 2015 is to continue to be inspired by all of the great designers of the past and present while keeping true to my style and myself.
I would love to try trends from the '60s and '70s and on but still keep my look modern and young.
You know how every model is like, 'I do yoga.' Well, I find horses have the same effect.
Blondes are so angelic. My sister can get away with anything.
