American,Model
Society says that men need to be bigger and stronger, and they must protect their women and so on.
If I'm making a movie and get hungry, I call time-out and eat some crackers.
I never thought I was the most beautiful model out there or the most sexy woman, but I was a hard worker.
I'm not a fast driver. I've seen what speed can do.
If you could sit down with Jesus, you wouldn't need anybody else. He could answer all of your questions. Instead of Einstein and Louis Pasteur and Madame Curry, you could just have Jesus and he could answer for all of them.
I have a sentimental feeling for my very first cover I was on - it was 'Bazaar' Magazine.
Because I was the first super-elite, the press caught on and started calling me a supermodel. So in that sense, I guess I'm the first. But, in my opinion, there were girls that could have been called supermodels before that, if the term was in existence.
It's not about failure; it's about trying something and risking something for attaining your goal.
Elle MacPherson is absolutely amazing; she is just so beautiful.
Sometimes I get so wrought up being brushed, poked and pinned all day.
If you can eat 70 percent raw or introduce raw into your diet, it will help your health.
I found my prince - he's a hockey player and we met at an NHL event, the last place I'd ever expect to meet someone, but there he was.
I am thrilled to be able to bring my vision of beauty to others who may be inspired by it.
There was a point in time when I was in dire need of changing the way the model agency was working.
I didn't think there was life after modelling, believe me. It's a hit to the ego when you are not the diva on the set any more. But I think what keeps me going are challenges. I love when people tell me I can't do something.
I run like an electric golf cart. Now I look at eating as a way to feed my body and keep me younger. It's not about starving your body, but treating your body like a Ferrari. You don't put in the crappiest gas you can find. You use supreme. In the long term, you'll run clean.
My mom cooked pot roast with noodles and frozen vegetables. Or she'd make spaghetti or hot dogs, or heat up TV dinners. Before I started modeling at age 19, I was 5'8" and weighed 165 pounds.
I never drank except a couple sips of wine at Thanksgiving.
There was really no friendship in modeling, though a certain amount of warmth comes from running into models you know on shoots, because you end up in so many unfamiliar places, from Alaska to Africa.
Everybody's eating all my - brownies, granola, anything you eat cooked, I can find you raw.
It doesn't matter what age you are. You can look sexy and feel great, and that doesn't have to be a gift only for the young. It can be a gift for any age, even the old, whatever that is nowadays.
These girls come; they last one season; they're completely used up and dried out and sent back home. That's not how to make a life. I want a girl to come in knowing full well what she's getting into and being able to deal and make decisions that will create a career.
I think with most all of us, we want control of our image - it's part of the work that we do.
I was diagnosed with hypoglycemia, an abnormal decrease of sugar in the blood. Eventually I learned to eat five small meals a day. Now if I'm making a movie and get hungry, I call time out to eat some crackers.
I think that what scares me more than getting fat during pregnancy is the responsibility of a child.
Becoming an actress takes a lot longer than being a star. I don't want to be a star. I want to be an actress. I want to build a career.
