English,Model
Trends come and go, and style evolves. It's important to have pieces of jewelry that are timeless and look chic despite ever-changing fashions.
I constantly have a devil on my shoulder telling me that what I'm doing is really horrible, and then somehow the lightning strike happens, and everything comes together.
I'm a fan of creating the mood and vibe with flowers, candles, and music. I love making my guests feel like it's not formal and they can relax in my home.
The interesting thing with fashion is that it's really a massive daydream.
I am obsessed with the Great Depression and with former showgirls - and the Victorians - the idea of wistful, dark romance.
I like those stories that capture the brutality of life, but there's still some kind of melancholy romance.
As scary as it is, I like making real, direct eye contact with people from the stage. In a sense, it's like modeling: that feeling of locking in and projecting some kind of emotion to try to captivate people.
As a model, I am at the mercy of everybody else. It's much more of a situation where I go to work, put the clothes on, get in front of the camera, and then go home. But in that process, I never really have control over any of it.
I've been in a New York City-based cabaret for the past seven years called The Citizens Band. It's possibly one of the most brilliant things I've ever been involved with.
I had a diary full of lyrics and whatnot and a little voice recorder of guitar riffs.
I knew I had more in me than just standing up and having my picture taken... Being in the studio, I have to have an opinion.
It's just this huge sense of relief I have with myself right now... It took me to be 31 to go, 'Wow, I'm really happy being a model.'
It's time to give back; you know, I've lived in this beautiful world of fashion for so long, and it's time to really get my hands dirty and get in the trenches and see the world for what it really is.
I tend to sort of over-accessorize, but to feel empowered, I strip it all down and become minimal so that it's almost counterintuitive.
I love Jen Meyer - she's a dear friend, and Tabitha Simmons as well.
Research on the Internet, research what people say about the vintage stores, look online to see if customer service is good because that's really important. Also to see online what other customers say.
I've been writing songs since I was at least 20. That's what I wanted to do before I became a model.
There was this moment, particularly after I had my first child, where I felt like, 'I don't know if I'll ever make a record, or if this is always going to be something just floating around in my head.'
I am a woman. I go on set, and I'll be who I am, and I'll represent who I am. I think it comes with age.
Being a model, you're always the product of somebody else's vision.
I was always the weirdo at school.
Ultimately, I've learned to pride myself on being quirky. I very much adore people who are outcasts, and I've always loved to be around interesting, circus-type people.
I just love vintage. I have far too many vintage dresses.
I feel like somehow I'm living my life mentally in reverse. It's taken me to my 30s to feel relaxed and comfortable in my skin. I think I'm going to be dancing on tables when I'm 50. I really hope I am.
At some hotels, I feel like I have to be dressed to the nines - perfectly eccentric - to walk out the door.
I would go home and be this insular girl who listened to music and brooded in her bedroom.
