Dutch,Model
I think of dieting, then I eat pizza.
Going to rehab was the best decision I ever made.
Every time I go to the dentist they say, 'You really need to fix that gap of yours'. I'm like, 'My gap is paying your dentist bills.'
I never gave it that much thought to pursue acting or anything, but I would definitely be a Bond girl if they asked me. For sure - I would make a great evil Bond girl!
I love to get a massage but I'm quite a baby with it. I don't like them too hard or anyone walking on me or anything. When it's good, it's the best thing ever. When it's bad, it's an hour of absolute agony.
Being sexy is something inside, and not everybody has it.
I started modeling when I was 13 or 14, I think.
I mean, sometimes when you do a show or a campaign with a designer, you get along with them really well and you become friends. And then, sometimes, people are just a bit... weird.
I'm terrible in high heels. I'm so bad.
Like most women, I have days where I feel like today I'm not leaving the house - you know days where you've got a spot on your nose or when you've just got off a flight, eaten fish and chips and feel really bloated - that one happens a lot to me.
I don't even sing in the shower.
I like spending time with my husband.
Marriage takes work - it doesn't just happen.
In school I was always the funny-looking, tall, skinny kid that got made fun of because of my weird teeth.
It's not like I'm sitting at home coming up with some secret beauty plan.
I try to eat fruit and be healthy.
I work out sort of moderately.
I can have an androgynous quality.
I used to come up with these crazy jobs to try and provoke my parents but they said, 'You can be anything you want.' So I was like, 'I want to be a garbage man' and they were like 'That's OK, we'll still love you!'
I think men look best when they're dressed in something that makes them feel comfortable.
What should all men know about women? That we are always right and you should just agree.
Interviews make me so nervous - I can't get a sentence out of my mouth.
I would love to have children some day. I'd like little gay boys. That would be good.
I'm terrified of having a little girl. Girls are more evil than boys.
If I could have the discipline to be super-skinny, I would be.
I'm a woman, and every woman wants to be skinnier - unfortunately.
