Australian,Model
The person I am every single day is the person that's growing and getting better. The more people look up to me, the more important it is to be concise with what message I want to leave. That's where I feel like I'm a role model. Maybe not to everyone, but for a lot of minorities, I am, and I kinda love that - the role model for the underdog.
I feel the most confident in whatever I'm feeling at that time. Sometimes it's leather pants, a leather jacket, and a band tee, and it's motorcycle-chic. Then there are times that it's skinny jeans, a tank top, and a denim jacket. It's whatever I'm feeling that day.
Whether straight, gay, bi, trans... body image and identity can be a struggle for us all.
I wanted to represent minorities in the respect of people who had been bullied in school or people who were gay or lesbian or trans or people who aren't blonde haired and blue-eyed. I have short hair, and I am covered in tattoos. I like showing people that it's within their rights to be different.
I feel like my style is very much androgynous. It's rock, chic, like casual wear, but then on the flip side to that, being that it's so androgynous, it'll either be skinny jeans and a leather jacket, or if I'm doing a red carpet or event, I'll completely flip that and be wearing a suit or a dress.
I think at one point I had 50 or 60 tattoos, but then they all morphed to become a half sleeve and then a full sleeve and then a sleeve with half my hand and then half my back. So I have so many now where I feel like I can get away with saying, 'I have three tattoos.'
My mom is a painter and an artist. She would play music, and she always had very good taste in music, fashion, and art. She was also a young single mom, so I think she had really good style; she was really free... just really inspiring in her own way and allowed me to find the direction I wanted to take in my life.
Never say no to anything, whatever the universe brings me. I've always lived by that.
Being honest about being bullied in school and my bipolar was not so much of a 'do I or don't I?'; it was waiting for the right time. Even before I knew what making a mark on the world meant, I knew I wanted to make a difference.
As a little kid, I was convinced that I was a guy.
I am very gender fluid and feel more like I wake up every day sort of gender neutral. I cop a fair bit of flack for going from 'such a babe to such a boy.'
I don't think of myself as a model. I'm genderqueer, and I've got tattoos.
I love therapy. I swear by therapy. I couldn't exist without therapy.
Acting is my life. It's what I live and breathe.
I started off as an Australian model. I had so many knockbacks, having short hair and being rejected, and I always thought: I'm never gonna get to where I want to get unless I start looking more feminine.
I used to pray to God that I wouldn't get breasts. Then in my teens, I tried to be quite feminine.
Fashion is such a weird thing. Growing up, I just made do with whatever I had access to - a lot of hand-me-downs and thrift store shopping.
You don't wake up at 18 and necessarily become the person you want to be as an adult - you have to work hard to become them.
I feel like I'm a boy, but I don't feel like I should've been born with different parts of my body or anything like that. I feel like it's just all in how I dress and how I talk and how I look and feel, and that makes me happy.
I didn't know there were options like gender neutral or gender fluid. I later realized you could be a girl and dress like a guy.
I got to host a radio show. I got a clothing range. I was the face of fashion week. I got to do a whole television show with kids.
Gender fluidity is not really feeling like you're at one end of the spectrum or the other. For the most part, I definitely don't identify as any gender. I'm not a guy; I don't really feel like a woman, but obviously I was born one. So, I'm somewhere in the middle, which - in my perfect imagination - is like having the best of both sexes.
I have a lot of characteristics that would normally be present in a guy and then less that would be present in a woman.
Between 'Orange' with Laverne, the show 'Transparent,' and Caitlyn Jenner, obviously we're in the middle of something enormous - a transgender movement. I'm just proud to be alive during this massive shift in the world.
Growing up, I had a very vivid imagination and Leonardo was like my best imaginary friend that I spoke to. When things were tough, or I was scared in an unsafe environment, I always imagined that the Ninja Turtles would come to the rescue.
I had never binge-watched TV before 'Orange.'
