Irish,Author
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.
History isn't just the story of bad people doing bad things. It's quite as much a story of people trying to do good things. But somehow, something goes wrong.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success.
We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive.
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.
Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides; and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither.
Look for yourself, and you will find in the long run only hatred, loneliness, despair, rage, ruin, and decay. But look for Christ, and you will find Him, and with Him everything else thrown in.
Everyone has noticed how hard it is to turn our thoughts to God when everything is going well with us... While what we call 'our own life' remains agreeable, we will not surrender it to Him. What, then, can God do in our interests but make 'our own life' less agreeable to us, and take away the plausible sources of false happiness?
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.
We are what we believe we are.
You can't get a cup of tea big enough or a book long enough to suit me.
Christianity, if false, is of no importance, and if true, of infinite importance. The only thing it cannot be is moderately important.
Has this world been so kind to you that you should leave with regret? There are better things ahead than any we leave behind.
Reason is the natural order of truth; but imagination is the organ of meaning.
It may be hard for an egg to turn into a bird: it would be a jolly sight harder for it to learn to fly while remaining an egg. We are like eggs at present. And you cannot go on indefinitely being just an ordinary, decent egg. We must be hatched or go bad.
There are two kinds of people: those who say to God, 'Thy will be done,' and those to whom God says, 'All right, then, have it your way.'
Joy is the serious business of Heaven.
We must show our Christian colors if we are to be true to Jesus Christ.
I gave in, and admitted that God was God.
We are not living in a world where all roads are radii of a circle and where all, if followed long enough, will therefore draw gradually nearer and finally meet at the centre: rather in a world where every road, after a few miles, forks into two, and each of those into two again, and at each fork, you must make a decision.
The real problem is not why some pious, humble, believing people suffer, but why some do not.
'The Lion' all began with a picture of a faun carrying an umbrella and parcels in a snowy wood. This picture had been in my mind since I was about sixteen. Then one day, when I was about forty, I said to myself, 'Let's try to make a story about it.'
Writing is like a 'lust,' or like 'scratching when you itch.' Writing comes as a result of a very strong impulse, and when it does come, I, for one, must get it out.
There is, hidden or flaunted, a sword between the sexes till an entire marriage reconciles them.
'Good English' is whatever educated people talk; so that what is good in one place or time would not be so in another.
I'm tall, fat, rather bald, red-faced, double-chinned, black-haired, have a deep voice, and wear glasses for reading.
Humans are amphibians - half spirit and half animal. As spirits they belong to the eternal world, but as animals they inhabit time.
I think that all things, in their way, reflect heavenly truth, the imagination not least.
Solemnity is proper in church, but things that are proper in church are not necessarily proper outside, and vice versa. For example, I can say a prayer while washing my teeth, but that does not mean I should wash my teeth in church.
Telling us to obey instinct is like telling us to obey 'people.' People say different things: so do instincts. Our instincts are at war... Each instinct, if you listen to it, will claim to be gratified at the expense of the rest.
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time.
Some people feel guilty about their anxieties and regard them as a defect of faith but they are afflictions, not sins. Like all afflictions, they are, if we can so take them, our share in the passion of Christ.
The long, dull, monotonous years of middle-aged prosperity or middle-aged adversity are excellent campaigning weather for the devil.
Always prefer the plain direct word to the long, vague one. Don't implement promises, but keep them.
Nothing is more dangerous to one's own faith than the work of an apologist. No doctrine of that faith seems to me so spectral, so unreal as one that I have just successfully defended in a public debate.
If we cut up beasts simply because they cannot prevent us and because we are backing our own side in the struggle for existence, it is only logical to cut up imbeciles, criminals, enemies, or capitalists for the same reasons.
Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities.
What we call Man's power over Nature turns out to be a power exercised by some men over other men with Nature as its instrument.
Some people write heavily, some write lightly. I prefer the light approach because I believe there is a great deal of false reverence about. There is too much solemnity and intensity in dealing with sacred matters; too much speaking in holy tones.
Real joy seems to me almost as unlike security or prosperity as it is unlike agony.
There is no uncreated being except God. God has no opposite.
Anthropomorphic animals, when taken out of narrative into actual visibility, always turn into buffoonery or nightmare.
How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete.
Can a mortal ask questions which God finds unanswerable? Quite easily, I should think. All nonsense questions are unanswerable.
Thirty was so strange for me. I've really had to come to terms with the fact that I am now a walking and talking adult.
