Irish,Novelist
No object is mysterious. The mystery is your eye.
Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.
One can live in the shadow of an idea without grasping it.
Fate is not an eagle, it creeps like a rat.
Nothing can happen nowhere. The locale of the happening always colours the happening, and often, to a degree, shapes it.
Illusions are art, for the feeling person, and it is by art that we live, if we do.
Nobody can be kinder than the narcissist while you react to life in his own terms.
When you love someone all your saved up wishes start coming out.
Ireland is a great country to die or be married in.
The wish to lead out one's lover must be a tribal feeling; the wish to be seen as loved is part of one's self-respect.
The heart may think it knows better: the senses know that absence blots people out. We really have no absent friends.
Intimacies between women often go backwards, beginning in revelations and ending in small talk.
Never to lie is to have no lock on your door, you are never wholly alone.
The innocent are so few that two of them seldom meet - when they do meet, their victims lie strewn all round.
Silences have a climax, when you have got to speak.
There is no end to the violations committed by children on children, quietly talking alone.
It is not helpful to help a friend by putting coins in his pockets when he has got holes in his pockets.
Art is one thing that can go on mattering once it has stopped hurting.
Nobody speaks the truth when there is something they must have.
We are minor in everything but our passions.
Experience isn't interesting until it begins to repeat itself. In fact, till it does that, it hardly is experience.
All your youth you want to have your greatness taken for granted; when you find it taken for granted, you are unnerved.
Who is ever adequate? We all create situations each other can't live up to, then break our hearts at them because they don't.
Language is a mixture of statement and evocation.
If you look at life one way, there is always cause for alarm.
