Irish,Musician
The spring, summer, is quite a hectic time for people in their lives, but then it comes to autumn, and to winter, and you can't but help think back to the year that was, and then hopefully looking forward to the year that is approaching.
The ocean is a central image. It is the symbolism of a great journey.
I find that music makes people just sit and listen, firstly. Then, they seem to interpret their own emotions with the music and it makes them ponder their own life a lot. And then they start to question: Am I happy in my work? Am I happy in my relationships? What am I striving for?
My core beliefs revolve around the idea that we should live to the best of our abilities-we should live and let live.
The Druids held the trees as very sacred.
As with anything creative, change is inevitable.
It's very homely, this castle. It doesn't have huge ballrooms. I didn't want a cold, cavernous place.
Writing music on your own makes you think a lot about your life. Who are you? Would you change anything about yourself? This is where it comes from.
With my music, I can express myself so much. A lot of the fans can sense that I'm relating to them something that's quite personal.
When making music I sink myself into the process as deeply as I can and forget all of the success.
When I was growing up, I'd be in the choir. My mum was the organist in the church, so I'd sing in the church.
There is no formula to it. Writing every song is a little journey. The first note has to lift you.
The writing of a melody is an emotional moment; success doesn't make it easy.
The success of Watermark surprised me. I never thought of music as something commercial; it was something very personal to me.
The personal appearances and red carpet events are very glitzy, but it's a bit false.
The music sold itself before anybody knew who I was.
The minuses of celebrity include having to live with security and the knowledge that you may be stalked.
Singing in Gaelic is very, very natural to do. I think lends itself very much so to being sung.
People tend to think that because I need all this time on my own in the studio, that I need time on my own, period. And that's not really true.
Over in the UK, the music press can be brutal. They can say wonderful things about you one week, and the next week, you're in the can.
My first language is Gaelic.
It wasn't so long ago that it was not popular to speak Gaelic in Ireland because the areas that Gaelic is spoken in were much poorer areas.
I'm not one for walking the beaches humming a melody. I love the discipline of sitting in the studio, writing and listening. That is my domain.
I use my voice as an instrument.
I told the record company I didn't feel the need to be at red-carpet events. I wanted a career. But I wanted to keep myself intact as a person.
I tend to listen to the classical composers: Rachmaninov, Satie.
