Irish,Actor
Celebrity has lost its value - all you have to do is go on a reality TV show for six weeks and everybody knows your name.
That's a funny thing, fame. People definitely do treat you differently. When you begin to be successful, people say, 'Don't go changing.' Well, that's easy to say, but the fact is, you don't change at all - other people do.
I don't love acting. How can you love something when you sit around 12 hours a day and work 10 minutes a day? I'm just doing it because it keeps me off the streets and out of jail.
The hardest part about acting is realizing it doesn't matter.
I got paid 20 grand for my first film. And that's the lowest I ever got paid.
Even though I've had the body of work I've had, and the success I've had, I do not rest on my laurels whatsoever.
As a kid, I spent an awful lot of time pretending I was somebody else. I think growing up in the 1980s wasn't very exciting so you kind of create this secret life of an alternate person. You pretend to be whatever you need to be that day, so you live in that dream world.
I like being 30. I wouldn't want to do the twenties again. They are their own entity.
I completely believe that I will produce my best work and my best work will come in my thirties.
When little kids come up to me, I'm a fully-grown adult, and that's always weird to me.
You go through your 20s sort of like a chrysalis in many ways, stretching into your own skin and trying to bust out of a cocoon.
It can take a long time for some people to find out how to ground themselves, and film sets are an odd atmosphere to do it in - especially if, like me, you finished school early.
No one picked on me for my lunch money. Probably because it was the 1980s and no one had lunch money.
My life has been sensationalised into a rags to riches story.
I didn't use a phone until I was 14.
I think all actors have addictive personalities.
I'm a workaholic. I also go to the gym a lot - it's my new thing. Yes, I am a compulsive person.
I want to do really good things with my life.
A lot of my success is because of what I look like. I know that.
If I wasn't so insecure about myself I wouldn't work as hard as I do. I am constantly seeking approval.
I was just a kid and I didn't have a dad. That's hard, because when you're a kid, you blame yourself for everything. And I blamed myself for him not being around, for my parents not being together.
I don't hang out with movie stars, and you won't see me going to many Hollywood parties. I'm actually quite boring.
You know what I like to do on a Sunday morning? Clean my house. I really enjoy it; it's my ritual. I require tidiness, actually. I have to have everything spotless before I can relax.
I'm a one-woman guy. I think that if you can find someone you want to spend the rest of your life with, you should marry them instantly, and try to stay married.
I wouldn't date an actress. There's only room for one actor in my life and I'm it. Too difficult. On the one hand, they understand the job. But on the other hand, it's very competitive within the relationship. Two actors, say one becomes a mega-star and the other doesn't.
My mother said I was a star when I was about four years old. That's all I need.
