Irish,Writer
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
Satire is a sort of glass, wherein beholders do generally discover everybody's face but their own.
May you live all the days of your life.
The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.
Power is no blessing in itself, except when it is used to protect the innocent.
Better belly burst than good liquor be lost.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.
I never wonder to see men wicked, but I often wonder to see them not ashamed.
Men are happy to be laughed at for their humor, but not for their folly.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
We have enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
It is in men as in soils where sometimes there is a vein of gold which the owner knows not.
There are few, very few, that will own themselves in a mistake.
Although men are accused of not knowing their own weakness, yet perhaps few know their own strength. It is in men as in soils, where sometimes there is a vein of gold which the owner knows not of.
As love without esteem is capricious and volatile; esteem without love is languid and cold.
There is nothing constant in this world but inconsistency.
No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience.
We are so fond on one another because our ailments are the same.
Poor nations are hungry, and rich nations are proud; and pride and hunger will ever be at variance.
When a true genius appears, you can know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in a confederacy against him.
It is a maxim among these lawyers, that whatever hath been done before, may legally be done again: and therefore they take special care to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice and the general reason of mankind.
The stoical scheme of supplying our wants by lopping off our desires, is like cutting off our feet when we want shoes.
He was a bold man that first ate an oyster.
I wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing.
Nothing is so great an example of bad manners as flattery. If you flatter all the company, you please none; If you flatter only one or two, you offend the rest.
Observation is an old man's memory.
Don't set your wit against a child.
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
It is the folly of too many to mistake the echo of a London coffee-house for the voice of the kingdom.
My nose itched, and I knew I should drink wine or kiss a fool.
There were many times my pants were so thin I could sit on a dime and tell if it was heads or tails.
He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
What they do in heaven we are ignorant of; what they do not do we are told expressly.
No wise man ever wished to be younger.
The latter part of a wise person's life is occupied with curing the follies, prejudices and false opinions they contracted earlier.
Invention is the talent of youth, as judgment is of age.
I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning.
Where I am not understood, it shall be concluded that something very useful and profound is couched underneath.
If Heaven had looked upon riches to be a valuable thing, it would not have given them to such a scoundrel.
Once kick the world, and the world and you will live together at a reasonably good understanding.
