Irish,Novelist
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners.
In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself.
Pain and pleasure, like light and darkness, succeed each other.
Only the brave know how to forgive... a coward never forgave; it is not in his nature.
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it.
Only the brave know how to forgive; it is the most refined and generous pitch of virtue human nature can arrive at.
Courtship consists in a number of quiet attentions, not so pointed as to alarm, nor so vague as not to be understood.
Titles of honor are like the impressions on coins, which add no value to gold or silver, but only render brass current.
But this is neither here nor there why do I mention it? Ask my pen, it governs me, I govern not it.
God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb.
Of all duties, prayer certainly is the sweetest and most easy.
'Tis known by the name of perseverance in a good cause, and of obstinacy in a bad one.
Men tire themselves in pursuit of rest.
Alas! if the principles of contentment are not within us, the height of station and worldly grandeur will as soon add a cubit to a man's stature as to his happiness.
I take a simple view of life. It is keep your eyes open and get on with it.
One may as well be asleep as to read for anything but to improve his mind and morals, and regulate his conduct.
Of all the cants which are canted in this canting world, - though the cant of hypocrites may be the worst, - the cant of criticism is the most tormenting!
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.
I wish either my father or my mother, or indeed both of them, as they were in duty both equally bound to it, had minded what they were about when they begot me.
Our passion and principals are constantly in a frenzy, but begin to shift and waver, as we return to reason.
Lessons of wisdom have the most power over us when they capture the heart through the groundwork of a story, which engages the passions.
For every ten jokes you acquire a hundred enemies.
An actor should be able to create the universe in the palm of his hand.
People who overly take care of their health are like misers. They hoard up a treasure which they never enjoy.
Writing, when properly managed, (as you may be sure I think mine is) is but a different name for conversation.
I am persuaded that every time a man smiles - but much more so when he laughs - it adds something to this fragment of life.
