Irish,Poet
Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations.
I love everything that's old, - old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine.
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
If you were to make little fishes talk, they would talk like whales.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation; therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future.
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss!
On the stage he was natural, simple, affecting, 'Twas only when he was off, he was acting.
Tenderness is a virtue.
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.
All that a husband or wife really wants is to be pitied a little, praised a little, and appreciated a little.
The company of fools may first make us smile, but in the end we always feel melancholy.
Law grinds the poor, and rich men rule the law.
Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook.
Where wealth accumulates, men decay.
The hours we pass with happy prospects in view are more pleasing than those crowded with fruition.
Be not affronted at a joke. If one throw salt at thee, thou wilt receive no harm, unless thou art raw.
Let schoolmasters puzzle their brain, With grammar, and nonsense, and learning, Good liquor, I stoutly maintain, Gives genius a better discerning.
Surely the best way to meet the enemy is head on in the field and not wait till they plunder our very homes.
Modesty seldom resides in a breast that is not enriched with nobler virtues.
Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals; love, an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves.
Man wants but little here below, nor wants that little long.
They say women and music should never be dated.
Pity and friendship are two passions incompatible with each other.
The best way to make your audience laugh is to start laughing yourself.
