Irish,Poet
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
How far away the stars seem, and how far is our first kiss, and ah, how old my heart.
The innocent and the beautiful have no enemy but time.
Come Fairies, take me out of this dull world, for I would ride with you upon the wind and dance upon the mountains like a flame!
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
When you are old and gray and full of sleep, and nodding by the fire, take down this book and slowly read, and dream of the soft look your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep.
Talent perceives differences; genius, unity.
Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends.
Wine comes in at the mouth And love comes in at the eye; That's all we shall know for truth Before we grow old and die.
Happiness is neither virtue nor pleasure nor this thing nor that but simply growth, We are happy when we are growing.
I have believed the best of every man. And find that to believe is enough to make a bad man show him at his best, or even a good man swings his lantern higher.
But I, being poor, have only my dreams; I have spread my dreams under your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy.
Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
Life is a long preparation for something that never happens.
In dreams begins responsibility.
I wonder anybody does anything at Oxford but dream and remember, the place is so beautiful. One almost expects the people to sing instead of speaking. It is all like an opera.
Every conquering temptation represents a new fund of moral energy. Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.
The light of lights looks always on the motive, not the deed, the shadow of shadows on the deed alone.
Take, if you must, this little bag of dreams, Unloose the cord, and they will wrap you round.
All empty souls tend toward extreme opinions.
Come away, O human child: To the waters and the wild with a fairy, hand in hand, For the world's more full of weeping than you can understand.
But was there ever dog that praised his fleas?
We are happy when for everything inside us there is a corresponding something outside us.
You know what the Englishman's idea of compromise is? He says, Some people say there is a God. Some people say there is no God. The truth probably lies somewhere between these two statements.
Man can embody truth but he cannot know it.
I have known more men destroyed by the desire to have wife and child and to keep them in comfort than I have seen destroyed by drink and harlots.
Too long a sacrifice can make a stone of the heart. O when may it suffice?
Accursed who brings to light of day the writings I have cast away.
Cast your mind on other days that we in coming days may be still the indomitable Irishry.
Choose your companions from the best; Who draws a bucket with the rest soon topples down the hill.
Joy is of the will which labours, which overcomes obstacles, which knows triumph.
Nor dread nor hope attend a dying animal; a man awaits his end dreading and hoping all.
I am of a healthy long lived race, and our minds improve with age.
An intellectual hatred is the worst.
One should not lose one's temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end.
Books are but waste paper unless we spend in action the wisdom we get from thought - asleep. When we are weary of the living, we may repair to the dead, who have nothing of peevishness, pride, or design in their conversation.
I balanced all, brought all to mind, the years to come seemed waste of breath, a waste of breath the years behind, in balance with this life, this death.
The creations of a great writer are little more than the moods and passions of his own heart, given surnames and Christian names, and sent to walk the earth.
I know that I shall meet my fate somewhere among the clouds above; those that I fight I do not hate, those that I guard I do not love.
