American,Journalist
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives.
It's paradoxical, that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting old doesn't appeal to anyone.
Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning lousy hunter.
One of the most glorious messes in the world is the mess created in the living room on Christmas day. Don't clean it up too quickly.
Nothing in fine print is ever good news.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
The closing of a door can bring blessed privacy and comfort - the opening, terror. Conversely, the closing of a door can be a sad and final thing - the opening a wonderfully joyous moment.
We need people who can actually do things. We have too many bosses and too few workers.
The only people who say worse things about politicians that reporters do are other politicians.
I just wish we knew a little less about his urethra and a little more about his arms sales to Iran.
The federal government has sponsored research that has produced a tomato that is perfect in every respect, except that you can't eat it. We should make every effort to make sure this disease, often referred to as 'progress', doesn't spread.
The world must be filled with unsuccessful musical careers like mine, and it's probably a good thing. We don't need a lot of bad musicians filling the air with unnecessary sounds. Some of the professionals are bad enough.
I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
Computers may save time but they sure waste a lot of paper. About 98 percent of everything printed out by a computer is garbage that no one ever reads.
The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe.
I like ice hockey, but it's a frustrating game to watch. It's hard to keep your eyes on both the puck and the players and too much time passes between scoring in hockey. There are usually more fights than there are points.
Would a real man get caught eating a twinkie?
All men are not created equal but should be treated as though they were under the law.
Anyone who watches golf on television would enjoy watching the grass grow on the greens.
I don't like food that's too carefully arranged; it makes me think that the chef is spending too much time arranging and not enough time cooking. If I wanted a picture I'd buy a painting.
Obscenities... I think a lot of dumb people do it because they can't think of what they want to say and they're frustrated. A lot of smart people do it to pretend they aren't very smart - want to be just one of the boys.
The Super Bowl isn't for kids, I had a great time though and it was worth every nickel of it because by doing this lame piece about the game I can put it on my expense account.
Death is a distant rumor to the young.
