American,Journalist
I could spend several hours on YouTube every night. It's all there. I just don't have enough time.
Richard Serra, the great sculptor, personifies an artist for me.
I'm an only child, so I don't even have nieces or nephews.
The question is just as important as the answer.
The alarm rings 4:45, again at 5, but I wake up 4:30 naturally. Shower, shave, orange juice, perk my own coffee, hear the news, and the CBS car arrives 5:30.
I was an only child of a father who loved me deeply, but we didn't play catch, even though I was an athlete. We didn't go fishing or hunting or any of the things I wanted to do. Why not? He just didn't do that.
If I was madly in love with someone who offered the opportunity to spend our lives together, I would love to have a child or adopt a child.
When I think about athletes, probably my favorite guest of all time among baseball players was Ted Williams.
The person I've always wanted to interview but never met was Richard Burton.
I would've been intrigued by being a film director. I would've been intrigued by politics. I thought about architecture.
There's a great appetite for smart television. Every day I get up and there are interesting stories I want to do.
The great regret of my life is that I didn't have children.
Nighttime, in a nanosecond, asleep by 10:30. No chance I'll get through the day without two naps. Before noon, around 11 A.M. I catch 30 minutes. Living not far from CBS is perfect because afternoons I go home for another.
I don't talk about my politics. I am registered as an independent.
My parents had a great work ethic.
It would be wonderful to become what Oprah has become: she is in such a class of her own, as an entrepreneur, as a performer and an icon. The idea of building a series of programmes and choosing people that I think have talent to do them would be a very interesting idea. I would love to show that television can have soul, depth and range.
I would love to have a long and serious conversation with the Pope. And Woody Allen, whom I have never interviewed. Then, after those two? Steve Jobs.
I think Vladimir Putin, because of all of his experiences, has a real fear about being - about NATO being on his borders. He's always had that.
I think that most people believe that Russia, because of its - it has regained some of its military strength. And they do rattle the saber a bit. It wants to be a player.
I want to challenge people to find out who they are.
People like to be challenged. Most people that I know who are any good at life like to be challenged.
I knew that if I could put a table in a room with not much light and a couple of chairs, I could have a real conversation. And I know that people... like to eavesdrop on a conversation.
I'm flattered by the fact that most people tell me they don't know what my politics are.
I'm not an advocacy journalist - that's not what I do. My role in journalism is to be able to engage the most interesting people with the best ideas.
The highest admiration I have for my colleagues is not for someone in a studio in New York but for somebody on the ground in places that they've gone to fight to tell the story.
Most people have a concentration in particular areas; it might be politics, it might be science, it might be business, it might be sports. I care about all of those, and that's why I've chosen the formats I chose.
