British,Journalist
If you are fearful, a horse will back off. If you are calm and confident, it will come forward. For those who are often flattered or feared, the horse can be a welcome mirror of the best in human nature.
I hate being alone, even for 10 minutes.
I really love good food occasionally, but I need time to enjoy it, and I need to be hungry.
Fitting in is boring. But it takes you nearly your whole life to work that out.
I am many things, but one of the things I am is a lesbian.
Being made to feel like an irrelevant child was probably an asset. Benign negligence is not a bad parental attitude or at least a cross between a benevolent dictator and benign negligence - you should just let kids crack on with it.
You come across words all the time that are everyday sexism. I was described as 'competently bossy' and 'bossily competent' by a male journalist, and I thought, 'Gosh, 'bossy' is never used of a man.'
I know sport can change the world, and that matters to me.
I find people interesting. People trying hard are interesting. People with a passion are interesting - whether it's old cars or taxidermy or knitting.
People like to think of you as a certain person, or a certain type of person, and they do love to give you a label. We like luggage labels, and we like people labels.
I think I can be spiritual, and I can feel that I want to live well, I want to do things that I'm proud of, and I think that's important. Now, do I need a church to tell me that? Actually, no, I don't.
I want to make the world a better place, for women, mainly.
Women's sport helps break down a lot of barriers for women in other areas, whether in religion or politics.
If you look back at British history, women being allowed to play sport in schools meant they had to change their clothing. They couldn't be running around in their long skirts and corsets, because you can't.
Swimming and athletics are the big gigs at the Olympic games. Cycling and rowing are pretty big for Britain, but globally, the two big things are athletics and swimming.
Very rarely will you listen to the radio in a judgmental way, the way you'll watch telly.
Dad is a really surprising guy. Every time I think he's going to be useless, he ends up doing something amazing and saying exactly the right thing.
Particularly when you're young, you're terribly flattered by people who like you, so you think you love them.
I don't make decisions for money or popularity. I do things because they're right for me, and they're interesting and challenging.
When you're little, your father is your hero. Mine was. Then it all becomes more complicated.
Like so many kids, I just wanted to fit in, and I see now that I spent most of my life trying to be what I wasn't, trying to get people to like me.
It had become boring to write: 'I like Clare Balding'. To say: 'I don't like Clare Balding' is much more newsworthy.
I cannot be a placard waver for every campaign; that's why I have mostly kept quiet about gay marriage.
I felt like a misfit at school, and I think that's quite common.
I've had so many things, good and bad, said about me. I'm way beyond worrying about what people say.
Sport develops your brain. It helps your learning. It's not an add-on at the end of the day.
