Cuban,Journalist
To realize the American dream, the most important thing to understand is that it belongs to everybody. It's a human dream. If you understand this and work very hard, it is possible.
I'm a royal pain in the behind.
My hope is to see Tom Cruise jumping on my couch.
I want to make sure I'm not a dilettante. Decorating has been a passion all my life. I love it.
For me, the American promise isn't just an idea or a theory - it's my life story.
I have gotten into a lot of trouble in my life for being brutally honest. Sometimes I put both my feet in my mouth. But like Elton John, I'm still standing.
How proud I am to be compared to Oprah. I really admire her. She's a minority woman and she's done all this by herself... I'm very happy to be Oprah with salsa and not Donahue in drag.
President Obama is a principled man who has worked hard to put healthcare and a good education in the reach of millions of Americans and believes that everyone who works hard and plays by the rules, should have a fair shot at the American dream.
Like most Latinas, I'm not afraid to speak my mind.
America was the place that said, 'It doesn't matter where you come from, it doesn't matter what your last name is, it doesn't matter if you drink cortaditos, or lattes, or coffee with milk. Here, if you work hard, anything is possible.'
The difference between Oprah Winfrey and me is about $200 million.
If you stay on the air for 18 years, people know you.
We Latin women are liberated from the neck up, not the neck down.
On the television planet, where men make up the tribe, the law of the caveman rules. So, for a woman coming from another world, without experience or cunning, to succeed gradually in gaining control over what is to be taped, what goes out over the air, what is said without censorship, is an epic feat.
The talk show, as a genre, has been in decline for a while. It started with Jerry Springer, when the talk shows suffered a metamorphosis, going from the real and social issues to the hair-raising.
Being a professional woman, I function the best when I don't distinguish between work and play.
I'll never retire from working; I'll keep my life interesting until I drop dead.
Latin life is rich with warmth, family values and history. I want to bring that beauty into American homes.
I love beating the men. When I beat 'em in the ratings, when I beat 'em in the salary, I always say, 'One more for the girls.'
You have to eat right. That does not mean that I don't drink Cuban coffee. That does not mean that I do not have two cigarettes a day - that's what I'm down to. I drink wine - you know, I'm normal. But I do eat well.
You need to put easy, nice, tranquil thoughts in your head before you go to bed. You know what I do? I read metaphysical books. The good stuff stays in your brain once you go under.
In my house, we speak Spanglish to the dogs, to the grandchildren, to the kids.
People look at you and see that you've made it, but sometimes they forget that it took you years of being a human being.
The world is not ideal, and the only weapon we can give our children is information. Information which is not pretty, but honest.
People would write me hate letters. How dare I try to represent Hispanics when I was so white? I tried to make them see it was racism.
I'm very, very Spanish. I have fat cheeks on both ends. I'm sitting on my Spanish part. And it's my heart, the way I am, the way I speak. It has nothing to do with the way I look.
