English,Journalist
We love but once, for once only are we perfectly equipped for loving.
The secret of success is to be in harmony with existence, to be always calm to let each wave of life wash us a little farther up the shore.
Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self.
It is only in the country that we can get to know a person or a book.
For what is liberty but the unhampered translation of will into act?
A lazy person, whatever the talents with which he set out, will have condemned himself to second-hand thoughts and to second-rate friends.
Words today are like the shells and rope of seaweed which a child brings home glistening from the beach and which in an hour have lost their luster.
All charming people have something to conceal, usually their total dependence on the appreciation of others.
Like water, we are truest to our nature in repose.
Purity engenders Wisdom, Passion avarice, and Ignorance folly, infatuation and darkness.
Hate is the consequence of fear; we fear something before we hate it; a child who fears noises becomes a man who hates noise.
Literature is the art of writing something that will be read twice; journalism what will be grasped at once.
We must select the illusion which appeals to our temperament, and embrace it with passion, if we want to be happy.
Slums may well be breeding grounds of crime, but middle class suburbs are incubators of apathy and delirium.
In the sex war, thoughtlessness is the weapon of the male, vindictiveness of the female.
There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbours will say.
No one over thirty-five is worth meeting who has not something to teach us, - something more than we could learn for ourselves, from a book.
Imprisoned in every fat man a thin man is wildly signaling to be let out.
Always be nice to those younger than you, because they are the ones who will be writing about you.
As repressed sadists are supposed to become policemen or butchers so those with an irrational fear of life become publishers.
Those of us who were brought up as Christians and have lost our faith have retained the sense of sin without the saving belief in redemption. This poisons our thought and so paralyses us in action.
The civilized are those who get more out of life than the uncivilized, and for this we are not likely to be forgiven.
Idleness is only a coarse name for my infinite capacity for living in the present.
Civilization is maintained by a very few people in a small number of places and we need only some bombs and a few prisons to blot it out altogether.
There is no more sombre enemy of good art than the pram in the hall.
The true index of a man's character is the health of his wife.
