American,Journalist
I believe that the war on drugs is a tragically misplaced use of resources - an immoral venture that produces far more suffering than it alleviates.
You don't have to get things done all the time to be productive.
A cultural shift is not always an ideological one - or at least not always the one you imagine. Our norms are always evolving.
You will notice that the Occupy Wall Street crowds - and the progressives who support them - focus on bringing the wealthy down to earth rather than lifting the 99 percent. They have a nearly religious belief that too much wealth is fundamentally immoral and unhealthy for society.
A true fascist is anyone who wants to take away my air conditioning or force me to ride a bike.
The Bible is filled with intriguing stories about complex and flawed human beings who ponder immense moral questions and engage in colossal clashes with evil.
Times change. Every generation has a new set of problems. Human nature is unmoved.
Are you sick and tired of these moralizing moralizers imposing their morality on the rest of us? I know I am.
Aside from the occasional genocide, oppression, evil and torture, etc., it is inarguable that public policy could be implemented more rapidly in an autocracy.
Political correctness is one of the engines of nannyism. Allowing and even encouraging 'offensive' ideas is vital for the intellectually health of a free society.
It is easy to fall into the trap of believing that democracy will improve the function of policy.
Common Core, the initiative that claims to more accurately measure K-12 student knowledge in English and math, also encourages children to step up their 'critical thinking.'
It's difficult for democracy to function properly under the most favorable circumstances, but it has no chance at all when millions of voters are divorced from objective reality and incapable of understanding what is going on in Washington.
I don't think that voters should be fixated on public policy. In a healthy republic, they wouldn't have to worry every waking hour about what their government is doing.
Few things trigger fear and misconception more than economic tribulation, and nothing prompts elected officials to react with more simplistic populism.
Democracy is just a reflection of our morals and the things that we believe.
Anyone who's had a casual conversation with his neighbors or is cognizant of reality TV should already be petrified of democracy.
A boatload of government money is indeed a gift. Unless, I suppose, you're one of the saps paying for the cargo.
Democracy allows rhetoric, false empathy and emotion to pummel rational thinking - so it's no wonder so many politicians thrive in it.
My parents both defected from communist Hungary and were what most people would today call libertarian. I grew up with a general distaste for taxation and any policy that intruded on our lives.
Living most of my life in New York, I witnessed plenty of nanny state laws. Later, I lived in D.C. for a bit and saw even more. I assumed when I got to Colorado, the Wild West, there would be a rejection of such intrusive legislation. I was wrong.
Most nanny-state initiatives begin on a local level.
Zero-tolerance on drinking and driving - meaning no drinking at all before driving - is a collective punishment that, in essence, only affects responsible adults who follow the law.
As with most people, my ideology and my attitudes about life were informed by parents and family.
If had to label myself, I guess classical liberal would be best.
When I was younger, I was drawn to Ayn Rand books and other works of fiction celebrating individualism.
The deepest mystery of Twitter is why celebrities and elected officials take part. After all, we all know they can't write their own lines.
Now, admittedly, Twitter can be entertaining on occasion, as it turns out that 140 characters offers a great chance to be misunderstood - and an even greater chance one will expose his inner troglodyte.
For Philistines like me, the mysteries of Washington can be both perplexing and wondrous.
