American,Journalist
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
Nostalgia is a file that removes the rough edges from the good old days.
If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical would have something to do with a shortage of flowers.
If people concentrated on the really important things in life, there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman.
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon.
More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Sometimes opportunity knocks, but most of the time it sneaks up and then quietly steals away.
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.
There are few things more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own.
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows.
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.
The world is full of people looking for spectacular happiness while they snub contentment.
Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
There must be a happy medium somewhere between being totally informed and blissfully unaware.
Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two, opulence is when you have three - and paradise is when you have none.
The cat could very well be man's best friend but would never stoop to admitting it.
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself.
Real elation is when you feel you could touch a star without standing on tiptoe.
Establishing goals is all right if you don't let them deprive you of interesting detours.
Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
