American,Journalist
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Never have more children than you have car windows.
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.
Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving.
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child.
My theory on housework is, if the item doesn't multiply, smell, catch fire, or block the refrigerator door, let it be. No one else cares. Why should you?
Never go to your high school reunion pregnant or they will think that is all you have done since you graduated.
For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward.
On vacations: We hit the sunny beaches where we occupy ourselves keeping the sun off our skin, the saltwater off our bodies, and the sand out of our belongings.
Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
The only reason I would take up jogging is so that I could hear heavy breathing again.
I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.
I never leaf through a copy of National Geographic without realizing how lucky we are to live in a society where it is traditional to wear clothes.
When your mother asks, 'Do you want a piece of advice?' it is a mere formality. It doesn't matter if you answer yes or no. You're going to get it anyway.
When humor goes, there goes civilization.
In general my children refuse to eat anything that hasn't danced in television.
There is nothing more miserable in the world than to arrive in paradise and look like your passport photo.
I have a theory about the human mind. A brain is a lot like a computer. It will only take so many facts, and then it will go on overload and blow up.
My second favorite household chore is ironing. My first being hitting my head on the top bunk bed until I faint.
Once you get a spice in your home, you have it forever. Women never throw out spices. The Egyptians were buried with their spices. I know which one I'm taking with me when I go.
Housework, if you do it right, will kill you.
In two decades I've lost a total of 789 pounds. I should be hanging from a charm bracelet.
How come anything you buy will go on sale next week?
Thanksgiving dinners take eighteen hours to prepare. They are consumed in twelve minutes. Half-times take twelve minutes. This is not coincidence.
Youngsters of the age of two and three are endowed with extraordinary strength. They can lift a dog twice their own weight and dump him into the bathtub.
For some of us, watching a miniseries that lasts longer than most marriages is not easy.
All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them.
Some say our national pastime is baseball. Not me. It's gossip.
Sometimes I can't figure designers out. It's as if they flunked human anatomy.
A friend never defends a husband who gets his wife an electric skillet for her birthday.
Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments.
Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you.
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat.
God created man, but I could do better.
I was terrible at straight items. When I wrote obituaries, my mother said the only thing I ever got them to do was die in alphabetical order.
I will buy any creme, cosmetic, or elixir from a woman with a European accent.
Never accept a drink from a urologist.
Never order food in excess of your body weight.
No one ever died from sleeping in an unmade bed. I have known mothers who remake the bed after their children do it because there is wrinkle in the spread or the blanket is on crooked. This is sick.
Someone once threw me a small, brown, hairy kiwi fruit, and I threw a wastebasket over it until it was dead.
Who in their infinite wisdom decreed that Little League uniforms be white? Certainly not a mother.
Why would anyone steal a shopping cart? It's like stealing a two-year-old.
It goes without saying that you should never have more children than you have car windows.
A friend will tell you she saw your old boyfriend - and he's a priest.
I've exercised with women so thin that buzzards followed them to their cars.
