American,Journalist
To me, natural, healthy looking skin is really beautiful. With a little concealer, eyeshadow, liner, gloss and bronzer, I love my lighter makeup look. I've saved so much money on facials!
If you are strong enough as a couple, reality shows can be a good thing for the relationship.
We are really looking at all of our options. I mean, listen, whether it's IVF or whatever it is, we want to have a baby and we will have a baby.
Through my attempt to get pregnant through IVF, we sadly found out that I have early stages of breast cancer. It's been a shock.
I have a new found respect for women who have been through breast cancer and this surgery.
A rumor that followed me forever was that my family was in the mafia. For years I had to live with it. They'd call me the mafia princess, so I rolled with it for the rest of high school. People even joke about it today.
I'm from Naples. I was born in a poor neighborhood and I always, in my heart, felt like it would be amazing to be able to adopt a child from Naples. I could give someone the opportunity I had. I would love to give back in that way and pay it forward.
I just feel such a connection to the little kids in Naples. I remember being on the street wanting a small piece of candy.
There is a bigger plan for us. There is some reason we haven't had a kid. Our kid hasn't come yet for some reason. We really believe that.
I would like to take the stigma away. 'Mastectomy' the word seemed so scary to me at first. After doing research and seeing the advancements, the surgery has come a long way from 20 years ago. The results can be incredible.
I want to encourage everyone to be proactive with their health and get checked out.
When I went public with my breast cancer diagnosis six weeks ago, the overwhelming outpouring of love, prayers and support really helped me heal faster. I want to make sure to thank everyone.
One of my first thoughts I had when I started considering the mastectomy was, 'What am I going to look like?' And then, 'What will my husband think?'
Knock on wood, but I think we hit the gestational carrier lottery!
I never thought my marriage could be stronger, or I could be closer to Bill. We prayed on our own, but now we prayed together and you'll never know how much that means until you do it.
To finally get that call from the doctor that you're pregnant and you're having a baby.... It was just another world.
When you do a reality show and host shows, it's hard to have secrets.
There are thin girls with infertility issues, normal sized girls with infertility issues and overweight girls with infertility issues. Unless your doctor tells you your weight is affecting you in some way... once the doctor rules it out, that's really not it.
I eat as much as the next girl, but I work my butt of in the gym every morning! The key is moderation. I splurge on the weekend. A big bowl of pasta and a delicious slice of cake for dessert are my favorites.
For me it was just more important to get the cancer out. With the double mastectomy I now have less than one per cent chance of getting it back, otherwise it was 20, 30 or 40 per cent chance and for me it wasn't worth it.
I thought I was dreaming. It was the most amazing moment of my entire life. Not only is Bill the love of my life, but he's also my best friend. I couldn't believe my dream guy was asking me to marry him!
A lot of us think we're invincible... but we have to start putting ourselves on the to-do list.
I started realizing I could be an example for women to not just be aware of breast cancer but to act on it, to make an appointment, to give themselves an exam.
I wasn't prepared to get a mammogram until I was 40 years old, like I'd been told. I never in my wildest dreams expected anything to be wrong.
We really believe that whatever we put our minds to, we can achieve.
I was probably a B student in high school, but it wasn't until I got to college that I said, 'Oh! This is what it's all about.' And then I became an A student. I studied journalism in college and that's what really kicked it into high gear for me.
