American,Journalist
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.
Political Correctness doesn't change us, it shuts us up.
We all have our inner demons.
The most used phrase in my administration if I were to be President would be 'What the hell you mean we're out of missiles?'
I have found there are four steps to change. 1. You must want it. 2. You must believe it. 3. You must live it. 4. You will become it.
Remember, beneath every cynic there lies a romantic, and probably an injured one.
I believe that if we get out of people's way, the sky's the limit. The sky is the limit.
I think every American has a role in saving this country. Whether you're Democrat, Republican, independent, it doesn't matter. We all know the country's in trouble. We may disagree on how to solve it, but we all know the country's in trouble.
We're giving our freedoms away. The American experiment was about freedom. Freedom to be stupid, freedom to fail, freedom to succeed.
If you have a priest that is pushing social justice, go find another parish. Go alert your bishop.
What does it mean to be a conservative? I don't even know anymore. I know what it means to me. It means to me, personal responsibility. That if I've done something wrong, its up to me to pay the price. It's up to me to make it right.
'Hello my name is the Republican Party and I got a problem. I'm addicted to spending and big government.' I'd like one of them just to stand up and say that.
Let me tell you, it is still morning in America. It just happens to be kind of a head pounding, hung over for four hours in America - and it's shaping up to be a nasty day, but its still morning in America.
When did it something of shame or ridicule to be a self-made man in America?
What is the point of competing for a trophy if everyone gets a trophy?
When you live in an alcoholic family or an abusive family, you tiptoe, you don't want to step on any mines.
Oprah is wildly successful, and she's a brilliant businesswoman. She's also somebody who's overcome a ton of demons in her own life, and that's really what shaped her. I think the same could be said for me.
Let me go over this again on the reclaiming the civil rights movement. People of faith that believe that you have an equal right to justice - that is the essence. And if it's not the essence, then we've been sold a pack of lies. The essence is everyone deserves a shot - the content of character, not the color of skin.
We should reject big government and look inside ourselves for all the things that built this country into what it was.
You can get rich making fun of me. I know. I've made lots of money making fun of me.
Timothy McVeigh was a coward. Violence is the stupid way out. It'll discredit any real legitmate movement.
We just put General Motors in the hands of people who can't even run our own government.
I am like Howard Beale. When he came out of the rain and he was like, none of this makes any sense. I am that guy.
I am a conservative, but I am not a zombie.
Good for you, you have a heart, you can be a liberal. Now, couple your heart with your brain, and you can be a conservative.
You know, we all have our inner demons. I, for one - I can't speak for you, but I'm on the verge of moral collapse at any time. It can happen by the end of the show.
I'm not interested in breaking news. I'm interested in telling the story of what's going on and then trying to figure it out.
What I'm trying to do is get this message out about self-empowerment, entrepreneurial spirit and true Americanism - the way we were when we changed the world, when Edison was alone, failing his 2,000th time on the lightbulb.
I can multitask like crazy. I'm riddled with ADD - a blessing and a curse.
I was one of the hardest-hitting conservatives on George W. Bush. Republicans didn't like me on George W. Bush. Republicans still don't like me on many things. If any Republican thinks I've been hard on Mitt Romney or Newt Gingrich or any of these guys, wait until Mitt Romney gets into office. I'll hold his feet to the fire just as much.
People should be free, people should be unencumbered by regulation as much as possible, that big government always goes corrupt and the truth shall always set you free.
A country is made not by policy alone, but by its music, its entertainment shows, all of it.
My father told me abuse is generational.
I don't fancy myself a political commentator. I hate politics. I hate it.
When you're true to yourself - not the audience that reads about me in the newspaper or sees a clip someplace, but the audience that actually comes and watches, just like Oprah - they get to know you and they sense something genuine.
Music is the language of the heart, and conservatives always screw it up.
I am going to take something I learned over in Israel. Their Independence Day is preceded the 24 hours before with Memorial Day, so it gives them a chance to serve and reflect and then celebrate. I am going to try to start that tradition here in America.
I wasn't just pro-choice, I was pro-everything, until I started taking everything off the table and began looking at things and asking if this view was consistent with that view.
I'm the whitest guy you will ever meet. The first time I saw an African-American, my dad had to tell me to stop staring.
I am a conservative who happens to not be a Republican.
