American,Journalist
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
I worked half my life to be an overnight success, and still it took me by surprise.
Shootouts are not gunfights of honor, they're gang wars and racial riots.
Television news is a delicate balance of serving public good and private gain.
The single life is not one I willingly chose for myself.
The news anchor is exactly that - an anchor, a center, a focus.
You can easily die racing to cover a bank robbery as you can in a war zone.
Never refuse an assignment except when there is a conflict of interest, a potential of danger to you or your family, or you hold a strongly biased attitude about the subject under focus.
Some news managers have been slow to grasp that good television news is always substance over form.
Women were seldom given quality assignments or adequate air time.
Women may not have it easy, but we are given a fairer chance to reach for the top.
Women didn't want to watch other women on television because they were jealous of their husbands' diverted attention.
When I was a little girl in the 1950s, it would not have been possible for me to say, I want to be an anchorwoman when I grow up.
When I first anchored in 1970, I had never seen a woman anchor a news show.
When for so long you can't get a job for reasons that seem specious, you you finally do have it, you are constantly afraid of losing it.
What is the value of sticking a microphone in a man's face right after he has learned of his wife's death?
Walking into a room filled with people you don't know but who know you brings out your worst vulnerabilities.
To get it first is important - but more important is to get it right.
The relationship between talent and management is uneasy, at best.
The most important event I covered was the Panama Canal debate, which dragged on for months.
The minute viewers callin or write about your looks, they were not listening to what you were saying.
The latest wrinkle is on wrinkles. There is a widespread belief that women can't grow old in television news.
The idea of stardom was difficult to grasp. It was like being schizophrenic; there was her, the woman on television, and the real me.
The code of the road is, if there is anything to eat, eat; if there is a place to sit, sit; if there is a restroom, go.
The better the coverage, the more discriminating the viewer.
The bad news is that 50 people died in a hotel fire; the good news is that we got exclusive footage.
Every time I am in danger of believing the glamour of my own press, some incident inevitably brings me back to earth.
By far my most perilous assignment was covering a tank car explosion.
Being a novelty had its advantages.
Anyone who writes an autobiographical work at the age of 34 is, at best, presumptuous. It occurred to me that it was time to set the record straight.
Although I was entirely relaxed on camera, if I had to stand up and say something to an assembled group of people, I was rendered all but inarticulate.
A press card does not provide you with an invisible shield. You're flesh and blood.
A fact of modern life is that it takes women longer to get ready than men.
