American,Journalist
Happiness comes when we test our skills towards some meaningful purpose.
Competition leads both drug companies and private regulators to be trustworthy. If they are not trustworthy, they die.
People acting in their own self-interest is the fuel for all the discovery, innovation, and prosperity that powers the world.
Patrick Henry did not say, 'Give me absolutely safety or give me death.' America is supposed to be about freedom.
People like getting what they think is free stuff from government.
I like taking the subway to work.
I never wanted to be an anchor for 25 years, and suddenly I wanted to be one.
All our rights are gradually eroded as government gets bigger.
A thousand restaurants close every month. They re-open, and that's good for America. Nobody's rescuing them. They employ people, too. If we let them go bankrupt, the factories don't go away, the creative people don't go away. They get employed more productively by others.
I'm a libertarian. It's a terrible word.
Give me a break.
The happiest stutterers, I learned, are those who are willing to stutter in front of others.
The one thing I've learned is that stuttering in public is never as bad as I fear it will be.
I was a closet stutterer.
I was ashamed for people to see me struggle.
I've built my career on unpaid interns, and the interns told me it was great - I learned more from you than I did in college.
Take away the government's monopoly, and private groups will do it better.
As a free person, I ought to be allowed if I'm dying to take something.
Central authority is bad. The bias should be for freedom. And without a central authority, there are lots of little authorities, and we learn which ones to trust.
Private businesses ought to get to discriminate.
I won't ever got to a place that's racist, and I will tell everybody else not to and I'll speak against them. But it should be their right to be racist.
The people who tried government regulation have lives which are miserable.
When entrepreneurs are free to compete, they grow the pie so that everyone's share gets larger.
What I've learned in 40 years of consumer reporting is that the market is imperfect, and some people get ripped off.
Isn't allowing people a choice what America is all about?
There is all of this protesting against corporate power, but in reality, corporations have to persuade you - they could have a ton of money, but actually only government can use force.
