American,Journalist
I love meeting new people.
I try to limit my time with Michael Davies to as little as possible per week, and he is pretty good with that, since he has a bazillion things to do. When I do see him, I try not to talk about dental work or anything like that because I know the Brits get very sensitive.
You are not just a funny person or just a journalist. Most people are hybrids of having a smart opinion and a great sense of humor.
I am not going to say I have never spoken with Bill Simmons because I have. I respect him greatly.
When I review my contract, it is to make sure that I am not going to get in trouble or not paid. Then afterward, people say, 'Did you make sure they gave you a green room,' and I'm like, 'No, I didn't get any of the cool stuff.'
I think the vision for FOX is to have a network full of people who have opinions as opposed to people who say news. If my message doesn't fit in, but I get that platform, then I'm reaching the people who most need to hear it.
'Garbage Time' was the name I came up with. Midnight was my decision. Were they the right decisions? I dunno.
I have no other network to compare it to, but FOX has treated me lovely.
I wanted to go to school for public relations, and I also wanted to minor in dance. And Hofstra had two really good programs for both of those, so that's why I ended up there.
I'm sure you're used to hearing that when people get to Long Island for the first time, it's a bit of a shock to the system. But I found Long Island people very endearing.
There are a lot of interesting differences between Boston and New York in general, and I think they're sort of heightened in Long Island.
It's an interesting dynamic living in New York in general as a Boston fan. It's kind of fun that way. It's fun to be the contrarian when everyone hates you as long as your team is winning.
I make funny videos. I hate saying I'm a comedian because then people stick their finger in your face and demand you tell a joke. But the other thing people call me is 'a YouTube sensation,' which is even worse.
I was bartending in Boston five, six nights a week, living in my grandmother's condo. By the way, I'm a really good bartender - that's the only skill I can confidently say I have.
'Guyism' wanted a daily video series. They told me they were planning on hiring a girl and then hiring someone to write all her jokes. Then they figured it would be easier just to get me, so they offered me $750 a month to do it, which turned into an offer to move to New York and do it full-time for $30,000 a year.
My grandmother is 82, and some days she doesn't even put her teeth in.
It is very easy to try to type cosmopolitan.com and accidentally type foxsports.com, if you just got your nails done.
I went by Kyle, and I made friends on the team as Kyle. It went on for a pretty long time, until I went to a birthday party in a dress and all the hockey players were like... 'Kyle?'
I miss Boston so much and want to get back there someday.
My dad likes to tease me over this. We weren't there at Fenway, and it wasn't a consequential game, but Trot Nixon let a ball go through his legs, and from that moment on, I hated Trot Nixon. Really irrational. Based in nothing. But did not like him.
My first sales assessment, they tell you your strong points, and they told me I was the emotional salesman, the one who could really connect with people by making them feel comfortable. Once someone told me that, I couldn't get past how manipulative it made me feel.
I'd get home at 3:30 A.M. from the bar after my shift ended at 1. I'd write jokes, film it, and then sleep. So I did that for two years.
Not every woman goes to sporting events to find men, but 2-3 percent of women do.
People are confused when you work for a national sports outlet and they've never seen you on a local affiliate.
I make sort-of funny videos for the Internet that are watched by a handful of people.
Women in sports television are allowed to read headlines, patrols sidelines, and generally facilitate conversation for their male colleagues. Sometimes, they even let us monitor the Internet from a couch.
