American,Journalist
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind.
Whoever wants me to talk, I'll come over and tell them about the necessity of preserving the Everglades.
The miracle of light pours over the green and brown expanse of saw grass and of water, shining and slowly moving, the grass and water that is the meaning and the central fact of the Everglades. It is a river of grass.
To be a friend of the Everglades is not necessarily to spend time wandering around out there.
I take advantage of every thing I can - age, hair, disability - because my cause is just.
There are no other Everglades in the world. They are, they have always been, one of the unique regions of the earth; remote, never wholly known. Nothing anywhere else is like them.
I feel greatly at fault in not having made a loud public protest about Belle Glade before this.
They are unique in the simplicity, the diversity, the related harmony of the forms of life that they enclose.
Child welfare ought really to cover all sorts of topics, such as better water and sanitation and good roads, and clean streets and public parks and playgrounds.
You can't conserve what you haven't got.
Since 1972, I've been going around making speeches on the Everglades.
No matter how poor my eyes are I can still talk.
I'll talk about the Everglades at the drop of a hat.
Sometimes, I tell them more than they wanted to know.
I wanted to go to a good college, and my mind was set on Wellesley.
I'm just a tough old woman.
You have to stand up for some things in this world.
It's a little bit late in the day for men to object that women are getting outside their proper sphere.
The wealth of south Florida, but even more important, the meaning and significance of south Florida lies in the black muck of the Everglades and the inevitable development of this country to be the great tropic agricultural center of the world.
Conservation is now a dead word.
The problem of the environment is the extension of good housekeeping of the thinking woman.
There is always the need to carry on.
No one is satisfied with their life's work.
The hardest thing is to tell the truth about oneself. One doesn't like to remember unpleasant details, but forgetting them makes one's life seem disorganized.
Pigheaded covers a multitude of virtues - as well as sins.
