Canadian,Journalist
Reality TV is sleazy, it is manipulative. It is as momentary as anything in popular culture.
The helicopter is a fine way to travel, but it induces a view of the world that only God and CEOs share on a regular basis.
You can never have enough garlic. With enough garlic, you can eat The New York Times.
No great pastry chef has sweet teeth.
Who knows who will be on board? A couple of spies, for sure. At least one grand duke; a few beautiful woman, no doubt very rich and very troubled. Anything can happen and usually does on the Orient Express.
It is always disarming to treat with the enemy, so to speak.
Kids' views are often just as valid as the teachers'. The best teachers are the ones that know that.
We don't want anything from the government but that furtive little fellow called the truth - which, by the way, they'll never give you - which you have to go out and find by talking to people.
A lot of sponsors over the years have left us. They've all come back. But they chose to leave us for a while because of stories we have done about them or their products or their friend's products or whatever.
After four or five different wars, I grew weary of that work, partly because in an open war, open to coverage, as Vietnam was, it's not that difficult, really.
Clinton's pardoning of Marc Rich was off-the-wall.
Don may yawn at the idea, which he often does, but the great thing about Don, he has confidence in me and Mike and Ed and Leslie and Steve, that we're not going go out and do stories that will put people to sleep.
I am not in this business as a calling. I don't do what I do to right any wrongs.
I did three tours in Vietnam. I guess a total of about almost two years.
I really don't care what movie stars have to say about life.
I think it has sullied his presidency. As brilliant a politician as Bill Clinton is, as magnetic a personality as he can be, there is one little screw loose somewhere.
In many ways when Jerry Ford pardoned Nixon, in a certain way, he did speak for the country.
Killing is the payoff of war.
Parents like the idea of kids, they just don't like their kids.
Pilgrims who are looking for a cure are soon looking for a curio.
Some people, you have to grit your teeth in order to stay in the same room as them, but you get on and ask the questions you assume most of the people watching want to ask.
The Bush Cabinet is quite interesting, there are no flashy people in there. No stars. They all seem quite focused and serious and knowledgeable about the areas to which they have been appointed.
The Republicans learned well from Bill Clinton.
We are on Sunday night because that is where they put us 30-odd years ago. I think we became a habit.
What does it say about us that people who are considered defective are instinctively caring and compassionate?
What has reality shows got to do with reality? It is beyond unreality; there is nothing real about it.
