American,Journalist
I think the truth is black-and-white.
With every story that TV covers, somebody - some corporation, some shareholders - are making money. That's true whether covering Libya, Iraq, the tsunami in Japan, Osama bin Laden, whatever story there is. That day, the shareholders are making money off it. Every newspaper that's sold, somebody's making a dime.
You see, some lawyers have the talent, have the charisma, but no discipline. They come into court unprepared, without having done their research.
The reality is, when you're representing someone that's guilty, you're in the position of taking that position.
It's hard for me to believe someone could harm a child.
After I lost my fiance, it seemed like it would be better to always be alone than to risk being hurt again.
I majored in Shakespearean studies at a very tiny school in Georgia.
My father was a railroad man his entire life; 43 years for Southern Railroad.
I have 'To Kill A Mockingbird' signed by Harper Lee. That is my prized possession.
What joy would I get from putting the wrong person behind bars?
I do not favor the gag order.
I always thought that was one of the single most important things a prosecutor could do is to seek justice for the families of victims.
Well, of course I think people can be forgiven. But our justice system is not set up to dispense forgiveness. You can go to the local priest for that.
I have faith in the jury system.
I went nearly 30 years without being able to really seriously entertain marriage or a family. In fact, the word 'marriage' would actually give me a shake when it was brought up.
Look, the justice system is made up of people. People have faults. It's not perfect.
All the criticism and all of the praise, it doesn't - it's not worth the salt that goes on my bread, because TV is fickle. You can be loved one day and hated the next day. One day, you're getting an award. And the next day, you're getting a death threat.
Listen, when somebody says, 'I take the fifth,' well, you know, they did something, OK? Why else would they take the fifth?
I really like my doctors. Some of them I love. I trust them.
I'm on a search for the truth.
I don't really want to have any part of getting guilty people off.
I grew up in a courtroom kind of like the one you saw in 'To Kill a Mockingbird' - big, big courtroom, sometimes it didn't even have air conditioning.
I'm not a judge.
I was a prosecutor for many years, I'm a crime victim myself, and I've tried so many cases I don't even know how many anymore.
Believe it or not, there are people who want to be on juries.
To suggest that you can't be both a mother who is completely in love with her babies, and a professional who is tough and tenacious, is ridiculous.
