American,Journalist
I'm not a liberal elite who was educated in the northeast, for example, I'm just a kid from Mississippi.
Not even my parents know how I vote.
We don't communicate in full sentences anyway. We don't need all those words.
The exact time of death, I think, is not something that matters so much at this moment for we will be reliving John Paul's life for many days and weeks and even years and decades and centuries to come.
I look for those moments that are 'gee whiz' moments. There's some 'gee whiz' stories in our show, and they can't be written like A-1 in the Times. They have to be written more like Page 6 in the Post.
I need to keep my story count high. I'm trying to get as many stories in my hour as is humanly possible. We're telling more stories in our hour than any national newscast has in the history of this business, I think.
We have a product for sale called news, and I'm a salesman.
When I make an error, it's a very bad day in my house.
Interviewing politicians and movie stars, you know what you'll get. I like the people-stories better.
I like stories that affect families.
It is troublesome sometimes when people get up in your face in public, you know? And say, 'How could you, how dare you?' Well, they don't know me.
I'm fortunate enough not to be poor, and I'm not a bad tipper.
Oh, I don't talk about God.
Everybody comes to the journalist with an agenda.
Working for the Man seemed really good to me.
There has to be news at a place called Fox News.
When I hear people say that Fox News is right wing, I know that's not true, because I'm the one doing the news. It's my show, and there's no place for opinion on my show. It's uninteresting to me.
I'm a journalist, I run to the fire, that's what we do.
We are America; we don't torture. And the moment that is not the case, I want off the train.
I enjoy reporting on triumph over tragedy.
I take the subway to work. I love mass transportation.
I don't own a car.
I've always been fascinated by weather.
I like to cover news when it happens, not five years later.
I've never been in a focus-group meeting. I wonder how many anchors can say that.
In New York, I like it when you can get bagels at 3 in the morning.
