American,Journalist
Customer service, they say, is dead. Actually, it isn't. It's just hiding behind a call center in Manila.
Politicians have such large egos that it usually takes them an inordinately long time to grasp when they've become a pathetic joke.
Whenever a president nominates somebody to a high-profile post, there is always the risk that some skeleton, real or imagined, will emerge from the nominee's closet and doom the whole enterprise.
When businesses affirmatively like regulations, that's when to reach for your wallet.
On Wall Street, financial crisis destroys jobs. Here in Washington, it creates them. The rest is just details.
Expressing truth is hard work.
To pine for the days before public education became a practical reality is to pine for an America held back by mass ignorance and mass illiteracy.
The $100 bill may be America's most successful export.
In shuttering Yucca Mountain, Obama makes it extremely likely that nuclear power in the United States will continue its long, slow, and extremely welcome death.
Whenever a Kurd wants to measure the depth of some foreign leader's commitment to Kurdish autonomy, he listens for one particular word. That word is 'federal.' Anyone who will say he favors Kurdish federalism can be counted a friend of the Kurds.
I've come to the conclusion that the government needs to impose price controls on tuition increases - and so, I think, has President Obama.
Creativity seldom thrives in an atmosphere of great discipline or scrutiny. That's one reason we tend not to want our leaders to get too creative.
Republicans don't seem to mind taking inflation into account when the subject is tax rates.
The Supreme Court needs jurists, not politicians.
Obama is an intelligent man whose life and work experience sensitize him to class distinctions.
The Kurds were the only people in Iraq who were completely unguarded in expressing their gratitude to the United States for setting them free.
Nothing energizes me more than to burrow myself under a pile of received wisdom and emerge triumphant with the truth.
If you want to slow medical inflation in the private sector, it makes sense to expand the government's investment in private health care.
Wal-Mart uses technology to increase sales volume, but the more it does so, the more it drives down profit margins - its own and everybody else's. The same logic does not appear to hold for Goldman Sachs.
GOP candidates routinely sign a pledge never, ever to raise taxes. Democratic candidates aren't even asked to sign a parallel pledge never, ever to cut entitlements.
We live in an era of mind-blowing scientific discovery, virtually none of which ever makes the front page, even as every trivial twist and turn in the rococo political drama has a secure place as the lead story.
The U.S. policy of hoarding crude oil never made the world, or even the U.S., a safer place.
Is New Ageism inherently fascist? Of course not, though I'm happy to pronounce its babble about chakras and cosmic energy errant quackery.
What I've learned, and will try to remember from now on, is that defending your country's credibility is never sufficient reason to fight a war.
Bottom line: A market approach to national defense would give us a lousy national defense.
What if an asteroid were to strike planet Earth? What could we possibly do to prevent it? However many guys we have working on this problem, it can't possibly be enough.
What I've come to believe is that psychological advice isn't worth much if it isn't rooted in personal experience.
To cut the federal budget without cutting entitlements is like giving up chocolate-chip cookies and then deciding it's OK to eat the ones that don't have any nuts.
The idea that the business world's needs get ignored in Washington is perpetuated by business so it can fulfill even more of its needs, real or imagined.
Loopy as the Motion Picture Association of America's ratings system is, it's better than what you'd probably get by putting such decisions in the federal government hands.
The intriguing aspect of food charges on airlines is that they create the perfect laboratory for any economist who wishes to study the question of how to price a good that possesses, by universal consensus, absolutely no objective value.
The Pentagon got fed up with its recruits getting ripped off by payday lenders and in 2007 got Congress to make it illegal to extend such loans to members of the military. But civilians remain fair game.
Inequality doesn't create unhappiness.
If we were to compile a list of the ways in which the United States has made both itself and the wider world a better place, then at or very near the top would be its commitment to universal education.
Just about everything I own was made in China. Just about everything you own was made in China, too.
The chief purpose of a union is to maximize the income of its members.
I'm an incompetent consumer. I have two settings: Buy and Don't Buy.
Economic inequality is less troubling if you live in a country where any child, no matter how humble his or her origins, can grow up to be president.
It's no surprise that Mitt Romney bent himself into a pretzel to disavow the portions of Obamacare that derive from his own reform in Massachusetts.
Voters care only that student loans remain freely available and that they cost taxpayers as little as possible.
The pathological degree to which former Vice President Dick Cheney operated in secrecy led to government abuses that we'll probably spend years learning about.
Gun Owners of America is a lobby group dedicated to the proposition that the National Rifle Association is a bunch of accommodationist sissies.
Why does Medicare have such difficulty accommodating a cut - no, wait, a trim to its annual spending increase - of two measly percentage points? Two words: baby boom.
Washington is a place where politics and economics often aren't on speaking terms.
I'd never have guessed that, six years after Medicare introduced a drug benefit, it would still be forbidden to negotiate prices with pharmaceutical companies. Health reform might fix that, but it probably won't.
Success is a wonderful thing, but it tends not to be the sort of experience that we learn from. We enjoy it; perhaps we even deserve it. But we don't acquire wisdom from it.
When Democrats lose, they're pathetic. When Republicans lose, they're bitter and mean.
Democrats view elections as a means to an end, while Republicans view an election as an end in itself.
In removing the friction involved in paying bills, electronic billing has substantially increased the friction involved in not paying them.
Whatever the reason, American Muslims appear far less inclined to support the global jihad than their European counterparts.
The financial services industry is a ward of the state.
Electing Barack Obama president was a glorious Jackie Robinson moment for the United States of America. Obama didn't just win; he became the first Democrat since Jimmy Carter to win a popular-vote majority.
There's no shortage of Democrats who are at least as committed as Schwarzenegger to reducing greenhouse gases.
The central con of the political coalition assembled by Ronald Reagan and maintained by his successors was that government was a common enemy.
The promise of Obama's presidency, in many people's minds, is partly that America will move toward becoming a post-racial society. It's pretty clear, though, that we aren't there yet.
The white working class likes being pandered to even less than it likes being insulted.
To argue that universal health care would wreck the U.S. lead in cancer survival, you'd have to argue that universal health care would wreck the entire U.S. economy.
The United States is not, nor has ever been, anything close to a fascist country.
Capitalism can't deliver decent health care.
Markets can do many wonderful things, which is why I'm glad to live in a capitalist country.
The advantage of a market-based national defense is obvious: Every citizen would receive an individualized amount of military protection, based on the value each of us placed on defending the homeland.
Within the narrow confines of Permanent Washington - the journalists, lobbyists, and congressional lifers who are the city's avatars of centrism and continuity - Ford is considered the beau ideal of American leadership.
The only agency of the federal government with a more demoralized workforce than Homeland Security is the Small Business Administration, a notorious turkey farm that should have been abolished years ago.
The Bush administration got a lot of things horribly wrong in its disaster response to the New Orleans flood, and it deserves almost all of the bitter recriminations hurled its way.
It never fails to astonish me how cheaply a politician can be bought.
An orthodox belief in big government's inefficiency cannot coexist with an orthodox belief in private industry's inability to compete with big government.
Cable television and the Internet have created an unending demand for information, and there simply isn't enough truth to go around.
I'm all for lifting the payroll-tax cap, if only to make payroll taxes a little less regressive.
With so much to be aware of, awareness bracelets have reverted to signifying nothing more than color itself. Idealism has devolved into fashion.
We live in a diverse nation, but it isn't that diverse. If any one state showed results so dramatically different from the results in each of the other 50 states, the likeliest explanation would be that someone had tampered with the polls.
Rule of thumb: When Democrats lose, they blame the candidate. When Republicans lose, they blame the opposition.
The problem with wanting the tax code to be 'simpler, fairer,' and 'pro-growth' is that it's impossible to achieve all three at the same time.
The liberation of Iraq, which is already hard to justify from the perspective of American interests, at least had the virtue of freeing Iraqis from a brutal dictator. Despite all the anarchy and violence, life has gotten better for most Iraqis.
The Sudan bombing is a blot on the Clinton presidency, and a blot it ought to remain.
There's a growing consensus that the best way to defeat communism in Cuba is to get its citizens hooked on American goods.
Without the three-fifths rule, there wouldn't have been a Constitution of the United States - not one that governed the American South, at any rate - because the South wouldn't have ratified it.
In Washington, the accepted method for passing along information about how the government fails to meet real-world needs is to leak it.
One of the enduring mysteries of America's occupation of Iraq is why a nation that so little relishes peacekeeping nonetheless refuses to turn the job over to the United Nations.
If the 1992 and 2000 elections were any guide, third-party candidates are death on the mainstream parties with which they're most naturally aligned.
Washington culture has always had a difficult time acknowledging untruth.
Various people have explained why Henry Kissinger is a bad choice to run an investigation into what went wrong on Sept. 11. He's a liar. He's an apologist for corrupt regimes.
What is the engine that drives economic growth in an ideopolis? The university.
Universities are basically socialist institutions.
If one does not wish to take the word of journalists, human rights groups, and the United Nations that Iraq conducted a deliberate campaign to eradicate the Kurdish population, there's always the word of the Iraqis themselves.
One can imagine nonviolent or minimally violent ways to reduce or eliminate hatred, but there's no mollifying evil.
Spoken language's elaborate rhythms and inflections convey more meaning per word than the printed word.
You can be president of the United States and have the best, most bipartisan-seeming idea in the world. But if it doesn't have a constituency, you might as well be town clerk of Toad Suck, Arkansas.
President Obama has his faults, but overall, I think, is a good president.
Republican presidents talk about freedom. Democratic presidents talk about equality.
Under Obama, income growth has been confined almost entirely to those at the top of the income distribution, continuing a pattern that began under President George W. Bush.
President Obama seems to think that you win by demonstrating that you're a more reasonable person than your opponents. It didn't work too badly, I'll grant, as an electoral strategy in the 2012 election.
The United States is a country where practically everybody considers himself middle class.
The argument most commonly made in the filibuster's favor is crudely partisan: 'Our side may be in the majority now, but someday it will be in the minority, and when that happens we'll want to block the other side's extremist agenda.'
We Americans love our Constitution so much that we can't bear to change even the stupid parts.
When the topic is growing income inequality, it's hard to prettify an imbalance between the rich and everybody else, so instead, conservatives try to argue that it doesn't exist.
A thriving middle class is a necessary precondition for a free representative government.
Romney has become reluctant to say that human activity causes global warming, and even in his greener days he was always somewhat cagey about which remedies he'd support.
If Romney were a chair, he'd be a squishy, expensively upholstered easy chair that bore the imprint of whoever last sat on it.
No man is an island. If you want to blame anybody for poisoning the world with that socialistic idea, blame John Donne.
We all need to save money to send our kids to college, to buy our first house, and to retire. But the truth is that most of us don't save very much.
Being a teacher is back-breakingly difficult work. It is also extremely important work.
Being superintendent or the superintendent's chief of staff is important work, but there's no chance it's as difficult as being a teacher, and I hesitate to say that it's as important.
What people want is big government that they don't have to pay for.
When a conservative praises a liberal as 'morally serious,' he means that person is less liberal than most.
Was President Obama's endorsement of gay marriage crassly political? God, I hope so.
The thing to strive for is to get paid to talk about yourself.
One of my lifelong hobbies has been to collect 'aptronyms' - the newspaper columnist Franklin P. Adams's term for people whose names were curiously appropriate to, or provided ironic comment on, their occupations.
Stock prices relative to company assets are no better at signaling the likelihood of future earnings growth than they were the day the Titanic sank, and risk management is a good deal worse.
Right now, as I'm typing this, some liberal somewhere is saying something unforgivable about Michelle Bachmann or Ann Coulter. I condemn you, whoever you are! But I'm not going to conduct a house-to-house search to find you.
What the 1990s taught the Clinton veterans was that you could 'triangulate' with a GOP-controlled Congress.
Vote Republican if you like, but don't kid yourself that a Republican president would replace Obamacare with anything at all.
Federal law prohibits anyone convicted of a felony from owning a gun. Seems like kind of a good idea, no?
The worst an ex-con is likely to do if given the right to vote is vote for a Democrat.
When Grover Norquist launched his project to name anything and everything after Ronald Reagan, I humbly proposed that the deficit be re-christened 'the Reagan.'
The Reagan years really were a bonanza for the rich; you didn't imagine that.
Moderates tend more than ideologues to be other-directed types who respond to external pressure.
I recognize that Republicans see a moral difference between a dollar taken away from a millionaire in government benefits and a dollar taken away from a millionaire in taxes.
Everyone agrees that animals should not be exposed to unnecessary pain. But neither should scientists be hamstrung by the requirement to use anesthesia in every animal experiment that might cause pain.
If the Pentagon truly confined itself to providing defense, then presumably we wouldn't need a whole separate government agency to provide 'Homeland Security.'
The typical family of four with employer-based health insurance is not the same as the typical family of four. It's better-off.
Health care probably contributes a lot more to the common wealth than finance.
When the only people in mainstream discourse who care about the working class are Wall Street investors, it really is time to ask where our politics went wrong.
You know what isn't class warfare? Progressive taxation, as in, say, expecting billionaires to pay at least as much in taxes as their secretaries. Ideally, in fact, they should pay more.
Sometime, while I wasn't paying attention, trickle-down economics got respectable.
