American,Journalist
I won't insult your intelligence by suggesting that you really believe what you just said.
Liberals claim to want to give a hearing to other views, but then are shocked and offended to discover that there are other views.
A Conservative is a fellow who is standing athwart history yelling 'Stop!'
I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word 'fair' in connection with income tax policies.
Even if one takes every reefer madness allegation of the prohibitionists at face value, marijuana prohibition has done far more harm to far more people than marijuana ever could.
I'd rather entrust the government of the United States to the first 400 people listed in the Boston telephone directory than to the faculty of Harvard University.
It is not a sign of arrogance for the king to rule. That is what he is there for.
I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence.
Truth is a demure lady, much too ladylike to knock you on your head and drag you to her cave. She is there, but people must want her, and seek her out.
All adventure is now reactionary.
Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive.
The more complicated and powerful the job, the more rudimentary the preparation for it.
It had all the earmarks of a CIA operation; the bomb killed everybody in the room except the intended target!
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.
I get satisfaction of three kinds. One is creating something, one is being paid for it and one is the feeling that I haven't just been sitting on my ass all afternoon.
I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
One can't doubt that the American objective in Iraq has failed - different plans have to be made. And the kernel here is the acknowledgement of defeat.
Back in the thirties we were told we must collectivize the nation because the people were so poor. Now we are told we must collectivize the nation because the people are so rich.
There is an inverse relationship between reliance on the state and self-reliance.
Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security.
To buy very good wine nowadays requires only money. To serve it to your guests is a sign of fatigue.
The majority of the senior class of Vassar does not desire my company and I must confess, having read specimens of their thought and sentiments, that I do not desire the company of the majority of the senior class of Vassar.
Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
One must bear in mind that the expansion of federal activity is a form of eating for politicians.
It seems to me that the idea traditionally defended of endeavoring to maintain existing ethnic balances simply doesn't work any more.
We love your adherence to democratic principles.
