American,Lawyer
True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else.
I am an agnostic; I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure of.
History repeats itself, and that's one of the things that's wrong with history.
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom.
You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom.
I have suffered from being misunderstood, but I would have suffered a hell of a lot more if I had been understood.
As long as the world shall last there will be wrongs, and if no man objected and no man rebelled, those wrongs would last forever.
The only real lawyers are trial lawyers, and trial lawyers try cases to juries.
Justice has nothing to do with what goes on in a courtroom; Justice is what comes out of a courtroom.
Laws should be like clothes. They should be made to fit the people they serve.
No other offense has ever been visited with such severe penalties as seeking to help the oppressed.
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure - that is all that agnosticism means.
The trouble with law is lawyers.
Lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for.
The first half of our lives are ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
There is no such thing as justice - in or out of court.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President; I'm beginning to believe it.
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
The pursuit of truth will set you free; even if you never catch up with it.
The law does not pretend to punish everything that is dishonest. That would seriously interfere with business.
I do not believe in God because I do not believe in Mother Goose.
I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend, than be one.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
If you lose the power to laugh, you lose the power to think.
The world is made up for the most part of morons and natural tyrants, sure of themselves, strong in their own opinions, never doubting anything.
To think is to differ.
