American,Lawyer
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
The only difference between the Republican and Democratic parties is the velocities with which their knees hit the floor when corporations knock on their door. That's the only difference.
John D. Rockefeller wanted to dominate oil, but Microsoft wants it all, you name it: cable, media, banking, car dealerships.
The use of solar energy has not been opened up because the oil industry does not own the sun.
When strangers start acting like neighbors... communities are reinvigorated.
A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done.
The networks are not some chicken-coop manufacturing lobby whose calls nobody returns.
Every time I see something terrible, it's like I see it at age 19. I keep a freshness that way.
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
For almost seventy years the life insurance industry has been a smug sacred cow feeding the public a steady line of sacred bull.
I once said to my father, when I was a boy, 'Dad we need a third political party.' He said to me, 'I'll settle for a second.'
We must strive to become good ancestors.
The shortcomings of America's political leaders do not stop at our borders.
Up against the corporate government, voters find themselves asked to choose between look-alike candidates from two parties vying to see who takes the marching orders from their campaign paymasters and their future employers. The money of vested interest nullifies genuine voter choice and trust.
This country has far more problems than it deserves and far more solutions than it applies.
The liberal intelligentsia has allowed its party to become a captive of corporate interests.
A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity.
If God hadn't meant for us to eat sugar, he wouldn't have invented dentists.
Turn on to politics, or politics will turn on you.
Our founders did not oust George III in order for us to crown Richard I.
President Reagan was elected on the promise of getting government off the backs of the people and now he demands that government wrap itself around the waists of the people.
I don't think meals have any business being deductible. I'm for separation of calories and corporations.
The corporate lobby in Washington is basically designed to stifle all legislative activity on behalf of consumers.
People are stunned to hear that one company has data files on 185 million Americans.
