American,Businesswoman
You have to get under the hood and spend some quality time with someone to understand what they're really good at.
You can't get into the trap of paying for customer acquisition.
I have a tremendous network of friends and colleagues at other firms.
Consider the social proof of a line of people standing behind a velvet rope, waiting to get into a club. The line makes most people walking by want to find out what's worth the wait. The digital equivalent of the velvet rope helped build viral growth for initially invite-only launches like Gmail, Gilt Groupe, Spotify, and Turntable.fm.
I played with different words like 'home run,' 'megahit,' and they just all sounded kind of 'blah.' So I put in 'unicorn' because they are - these are very rare companies in the sense that there are thousands of startups in tech every year, and only a handful will wind up becoming a unicorn company. They're really rare.
We're in this incredible age where new brands are making people's lives easier, more convenient, more personalized.
There is very little diversity among founders in the Unicorn Club.
Some investors may grumble about entrepreneurs wanting 'unicorn valuations.' But let's be honest: most investors want them, too, and are supporting the massive capitalization of these companies.
Female users are the unsung heroines behind the most engaging, fastest growing, and most valuable consumer Internet and e-commerce companies.
I've learned that you really cannot judge a book by its cover.
Spend the first six to 12 months building a great product or service that people love, rather than chasing investors. When the time comes to engage investors, you will be meeting them from a position of strength. This makes all the difference.
Each major wave of technology innovation has given rise to one or more super-unicorns - companies that could change your life to work at or invest in if you're not lucky/genius enough to be a co-founder.
Why do investors seem to care about 'billion dollar exits?' Historically, top venture funds have driven returns from their ownership in just a few companies in a given fund of many companies.
Many entrepreneurs, and the venture investors who back them, seek to build billion-dollar companies.
Immigrants play a huge role in the founding and value creation of today's tech companies. We wonder how much more value could be created if it were easier to get a work visa.
When companies are private, founders can share more about their future dreams with investors; report less; and the shares are illiquid, constraining short-term changes in valuation.
History suggests the 2010s will give rise to a super-unicorn or two that reflect the key tech wave of the decade, the mobile web.
If you're looking to grow your user base, is there a best way to cost-effectively attract valuable users? I'm increasingly convinced the best way is by harnessing a concept called social proof, a relatively untapped gold mine in the age of the social web.
What is social proof? Put simply, it's the positive influence created when someone finds out that others are doing something. It's also known as informational social influence.
If you're a digital startup, building and highlighting your social proof is the best way for new users to learn about you.
Especially when it comes to social and shopping, women rule the Internet.
Comscore, Nielsen, MediaMetrix and Quantcast studies all show women are the driving force of the most important net trend of the decade, the social web.
Women are thought to be more social, more interested in relationships and connections, better at multi-tasking.
There's an opportunity to make your board - and your company - smarter by adding diversity, especially of gender.
Savvy companies are quietly changing up their boards of directors and teams, and this is giving them better collective intelligence, more community admiration, and better financial results.
I grew up in New Jersey and played sports and rode my bike around. It was a really nice time - kids didn't have cellphones then - and you knew everyone in the town.
I was ringside for Amazon and Google.
I really have become very interested at working with and helping entrepreneurs at the early stages of their growth.
I think, from a woman's perspective, that my interest as an investor and the way that I relate to entrepreneurs is a little bit different.
It's not that I am saying that women and men are completely different. But I do think that if you are one of the only people around the table who is a woman, by definition, you're different.
If a firm hasn't hired a single female partner in its history, I don't think it will finally happen by accident.
There needs to be more deliberate effort on the part of folks at VC firms to bring in a more diverse team of talent. You have to make a more concerted effort to bring in people who are different and who may not be in your network.
The question for Dropbox is whether, when they run out of private sources for funding, they will be able to maintain that valuation when they go to public sources for funding and their valuation is set on the public markets.
Over the long term, there will be many more billion-dollar technology companies than there are today.
I'm a first-born child of a Chinese immigrant family, I grew up on the East Coast. And I have to admit, I did not grow up around technology.
My dad was a dentist; my mom managed his office.
I appreciate the sacrifices my dad made. I went to a great public high school.
When I was growing up, I had lots of smart classmates that were girls, but none of us were really pushed into math or computers or anything like that. Girls took AP history and AP English and AP European history. And boys took calculus and physics.
Seed stage is an investment area that is really important for early stage startups. It feels like there is a need for trusted, experienced people to work with and to guide startups at this level.
There are not many people from top-tier venture capital firms who are focused on the seed stage.
Having been a venture-backed CEO, and having an established background in working with consumer-focused companies, I've built a strong network of entrepreneurs and people who can help startups.
I'm a huge believer in power of women on the web.
A lot of the entrepreneurs and founders have big dreams and are on a mission to build things that the world has never seen before.
The reality is that in a tech environment that is 90 percent to 100 percent male, it's not super-encouraging for females to be successful. It's just a lot of things that contribute to that: things that people do or things that people say that they may not realize have unintended consequences.
I think there are many things that we can do today to make it a better work environment that is more supportive and encouraging of diversity.
