American,Businesswoman
I grew up in a physical world, and I speak English. The next generation is growing up in a digital world, and they speak social.
Store windows are like landing pages on the website.
I work through teams. It's the only way I know how to work.
Intuition is the wisdom formed by feeling and instinct - a gift of knowing without reasoning... Belief is ignited by hope and supported by facts and evidence - it builds alignment and creates confidence. Belief is what sets energy in motion and creates the success that breeds more success.
Everyone talks about building a relationship with your customer. I think you build one with your employees first.
I think if I'm guilty of anything, I'm guilty of always being incredibly focused on the task at hand. So wherever I've worked, I've just always tried to do my best, achieve my best, build a great team around me.
Everyone in the world should have a trench coat, and there should be a trench coat for everyone in the world. It does not matter your age; it doesn't matter your gender.
It is one of the most important parts of my job, showing that you can't do it all.
I don't want to be a great executive without being a great mum and a great wife. I don't want to look back and say I wish I had done things differently. 'Balance' is a really big word for me.
I'm nearly always at home at the weekends; that's important for every working woman today, not just me. I don't encourage people to come in at the weekend and work; I encourage people to go home and create great families.
In China, you've got six people buying for one child. But the thing is, you've got the largest rising upper-middle class in the world.
You have to realise that I am the third out of six children, and I am raised with very strong core values and a very strong upbringing. I always put myself in other people's shoes.
Forget luxury; as a great company you have to keep evolving.
The thing is, I don't want to be sold to when I walk into a store. I want to be welcomed.
I don't want to be a great chief executive without being a great mum and a great wife.
I hadn't grown up always aspiring to be a CEO.
I am not in favour of quotas. Just put the best person into the job. It is not about gender; it is about experience, leadership and vision.
You're going to see relationships with technology across anything that's brand. I don't care if that's in home or what you wear. I just think it's a new fact of life.
Just because you're a luxury brand doesn't mean you have to have an attitude.
