Icelander,Businesswoman
I worked as President of House of Waris for a year and a half, and Waris is one of my favorite people. He is not only a talented designer but also a warm and genuine person and a pleasure to work with.
The Stockholm street style is distinctive, with ensembles that exemplify the city's understated elegance.
While my trips are most often focused on business, I always try to take some time to experience the local culture.
A lot of people made their first luxury fashion purchase, but at a discount. And that made it an easier purchasing decision.
I so often heard from women that they saw this beautiful fashion, but it didn't always work for them - whether it was cultural reasons, lifestyle reasons, body type reasons. So it seemed like in my mind there was a gap there, that women really wanted to be able to customize items to fit their needs and their tastes.
We were the first multibrand platform for the customization of designer clothing. And it's great to be a first mover if you manage to pull it off. You can have a great competitive advantage. But if you're quite early, you're learning a lot: both learning as a company, and the customer is still learning.
It's definitely an interesting question: 'Do you need more funding to start a luxury business?' That's something I want to think about a little bit more.
Each individual garment has its own customizations based on a collaboration between us and the designer. We say what we think our woman wants, and they say, 'This is what we think we can do with our production.'
I choose my outfits based on the shows on a particular day. If there's an edgier designer, it might be a slightly edgier outfit. I don't think it matters, but still that's how I think about it.
There were no tourists. Beer was illegal. There was only government television and no television on Thursdays or in the summer.
Daft Punk's 'One More Time' remains one of my favorite 'getting ready to go out tonight' songs.
I first met Michael Angel when he came to my office with a box of prints and asked me whether I thought he should make dresses from the prints.
I try to keep my closet organized by color and category so that it's not only aesthetically pleasing but practical as well - it really makes getting ready so much easier.
People are saying fashion week is no longer just a press event, it has become a shopping event because of us.
The fashion sector is very hot in New York, especially the fashion tech sector, and a lot of women have been the leaders in the industry.
If someone is making a very expensive purchase decision, they typically have a lot of questions about the fit and about what to wear the item with. In some cases, they'll ask for additional images or want to contact the designer.
I like feminine suits with unexpected details.
As I have written before, one of my favorite parts of my job as CEO of Moda Operandi is the opportunity I get to explore international fashion scenes to discover new talent, and then being able to introduce these designers to our community of fashion-savvy customers worldwide.
I was eager to see what Swedish design had to offer and get a sense of its fashion culture, and Altewai Saome was the perfect introduction.
Overall, I was extremely impressed with the fashion scene that Stockholm has to offer, both on and off the runways.
I consider myself to be a citizen of the world.
Having grown up in Iceland and Los Angeles, gone to school in Europe and America, and lived and worked in London and New York, my insatiable appetite for travel has informed many of my life decisions.
While my calendar with Moda Operandi often takes me to fashionable locales like Milan and Paris, I am thrilled when opportunities to visit new places present themselves.
Driven to design by what she refers to as the lack of glamour in the industry, Bar Or creates for the modern woman who is a fashion risk-taker, one who is confident and, perhaps, has a larger than life personality.
It is always a pleasure to see what NYC, London, Paris and Milan have to offer.
We want every woman to have something unique, a wardrobe she can really make her own.
