American,Businesswoman
Sexual harassment is as difficult to prove as it is to disprove.
I've noticed a lot of people are very bold and blustery on Twitter because it's easy to do that with the poison keyboard and a hundred and forty characters.
Women in my focus groups, they say a bald man is trustworthy. He has nothing to hide.
I tell people all the time, 'Don't be fooled, because I am a man by day.'
I don't sugarcoat things, but I'm very polite in delivering them.
I never knew how ugly and how stupid I was until, you know, we had Twitter.
Women have been late-in-the-game deciders. They weigh all of the issues, all of the images, and all of the information and make a choice almost at the last minute.
The fact is that Hillary Clinton could not stand up to a cheating husband, so how in the world would she stand up to North Korea and some of our other enemies around the globe?
Most women say 'Please speak to me from the waist up: my brain, my eyes.'
Donald Trump embraces his wealth. Hillary Clinton wants us to forget that she made $21.5 million on 92 speeches.
It wasn't like anybody said, 'Oh, Ronald Reagan will have a landslide in 1980.' In fact, you look back at the Dukakis numbers, the Perot numbers, there was always this presumption that the Republican was going to lose. Not just that the Democrat would win, but that the Republican was going to lose.
Although it shouldn't be, men behaving badly is sort of an occupational hazard for those working in Washington.
Donald Trump performs consistently better in online polling, where a human being is not talking to another human being about what he or she may do in the election.
Nothing creates a winner quite like earning it, not just inheriting it.
I want to do right, apart from my gender - I want to do right as a campaign manager.
I think that people have realized it's very unwise to bet against Donald Trump.
Very few people know anybody like John McCain, someone who suffered and had his body, yet not his spirit, broken for six years as a POW and who has served his nation.
Women overwhelmingly support conservative policies.
If the Republican Party does not learn to understand unmarried women as the political force and potent voting bloc that they have become, we risk becoming the minority party.
Voters deserve - and they indeed expect - a good debate on the issues.
Donald Trump is at his very best, at his very best, when he talks about the issues.
Republican politics can sometimes feel like you're walking into, you know, an Elks Club or bachelor party.
I've been in a very male-dominated business for decades. I found, particularly early on, that there's plenty of room for passion, but there's very little room for emotion.
Pro-lifers believe there are two victims in an abortion: the unborn child and the woman who felt that that was her best option.
2016 is a change election, and that favors Trump.
Most political wives are accidental politicians.
The Republican Party is too fixated on this fiction of electability.
Women are trying to have it all but are trying to regain control over their time. That's why many women are busting out of the traditional workforce and starting their own businesses.
Washington is built on power.
In New York, the currency is money. You have money, and you get anonymity.
John McCain was one of the senators who voted against George Herbert Walker Bush's disastrous break of his no new taxes pledge when he raised taxes in 1990. That's really important. He's a supply-sider. And he's got supply siders like Phil Graham and Jack Kemp to vouch for that.
The country is increasingly culturally conservative, with a small C. Every time marriage is on the ballot, it passes. People are increasingly pro-life. They don't like taxes.
We got Defense of Marriage Act as a federal law from President Bill Clinton. And it was passed with bipartisan support.
I think it's important for people to understand that this started with President Bill Clinton. He, as president, thought it was such a big priority, he passed the defense of marriage - defense of traditional non-gay marriage - that we have it as a federal law.
You live by the media, you live by the polls, you've got to suffer by the polls, too.
Voters go into the ballot box with big ideas in their mind: leadership, change, experience, hope.
Of course there's racism in this country, and we have a terrible history of that in this nation.
