American,Businesswoman
Even if you can't afford to travel the world, you can take your children to the museum, zoo or local park. And don't be afraid to take them to grown-up spots. Eating out in a restaurant teaches children how to be quiet and polite and gives them the pleasure of knowing you trust them to behave.
Live honestly to a higher note. Life is too short. So, do the best you can and live your life to a higher note.
Yes, I'm quirky, loud and crazy.
I think one great tip is that you should always love yourself. If you don't love yourself, take care of yourself, cater to yourself and that little inner voice, you will really not be very worthy of being with someone else, because you won't be the best version of you.
I was bullied and picked on because I was so different to everyone else, and I definitely didn't believe or even know I was fabulous back then. But those hard times made me everything I am today. It's all water under the bridge now, but being bullied and going through adversity definitely made me stronger.
I have a really big mouth, I have a lot of opinions and I will be heard.
It's not about how skinny you are or how much money or how many diamonds you have - that's the fluff that people sometimes look at as being the main thing. It's about understanding that the things that make you fabulous are all inside of you.
I try to do everything from the viewpoint of what's best for my kids. I have three kids and two great dads and it's not always easy, but you have to try to be a little selfless and we manage just fine.
I try not to be neurotic; I try to create and present healthy body image.
I wanted my closet to look like a boutique.
Women call me all the time and tell me, 'You inspired me to get out of a bad situation,' or 'You inspired me to take the reigns for myself and go and do this.' I try to tell people to live their best life, and do what you know you need to do for yourself and your family. You need to be supported.
I'm a girl's girl. I'm a woman's woman. I'm a cool girl.
I don't apologize for my diamonds, Rolls-Royce, Range Rover, or anything. Look, Queen Elizabeth has more diamonds than me. Why don't people attack her for it?
I look forward to spring cleaning and putting things in their place. It's therapeutic for me.
You don't have to dumb down - you just have to find a clever, good, secure man. I've found a couple - I've been lucky - but it's probably hard for everybody to find that true love of a good man.
I don't eat too much. I don't have a lot of time, but I can get in a little treadmill. I eat healthily just because it's good for me, and running after my three kids takes a lot of energy.
I feel like I'm a good motivator; I'm very determined.
I'm very determined, honest, open and definitely very energetic. I expect a lot as a boss and I'm very demanding, but I ask that of myself too.
I represent luxury, and that's what I love.
Fabulosity. It's a state of being.
I am not the kind of girl that gets in trouble.
I'm not one of those Hollywood moms where my kid is three weeks old and I'm a size zero. I'm a real woman and I'm a working woman and a working mom.
I have a lot of hang-ups in life with men. I'm not very trusting.
'Fabulosity' is to get up when you've been kicked down, and it's not to go after who kicked you down.
I'm much more into old-world, intimate conversations on the phone. I like to write letters.
I'm fiercely protective of my children even though we are on TV.
