American,Businesswoman
My number one philosophy for leadership is leadership by example. If you are not willing to do it yourself, how can you show others how to do it?
I was my father's son and my mother's daughter. There was never any time when I felt I wasn't equally capable - whether it was being the only girl in the county who could hit a jump shot in basketball or playing first base in the baseball with the boys. I was always encouraged to do whatever I wanted to do.
Like all small-business owners, I know what it's like to take a risk on an idea, manage cash flow, navigate regulations and tax laws, and create jobs.
While they're in WWE, we absolutely have a health and wellness policy. I'll probably always say 'we,' even though I've resigned as the CEO. It's kind of hard to break a 30-year habit.
We went bankrupt one time and lost everything. When I tell that story at my Women's Leadership LIVE conferences, people are shocked. I mean, our house was auctioned off and the car repossessed in the driveway. We had to start over again.
I have learned it's not how you fall but how you get up that truly matters.
You cant be afraid to take a risk. You can't be afraid to take a risk because you think you might fail.
My parents' greatest wish was that I graduated from college. Neither of my parents had a college education, and they really wanted me to have one.
Being under the political spotlight is far different than anything I'd experienced before. Every word is a critical word. Sometimes you really aren't allowed to get your full thought out. A lot of it is about having a 30-second sound bite.
Small business people are people with goals and values that can't be calculated on a profit and loss statement.
As a CEO, I want to show women that there are no limits to what they can achieve, whether through entrepreneurship, government, science or any path they choose, and there is plenty of room for women at the top.
It's unfortunate, you know, that you can't change people's - habits, their personal habits.
I don't know Gov. Palin. I've certainly seen her, since she came on the scene, you know, running with John McCain.
You know, the state of Connecticut is... sometimes it's a provincial state. And I've been working very hard to get the endorsement of the people within our state, and ultimately, the ultimate endorsement is from the voters in the state of Connecticut.
I'm not going to take any special interest money or any PAC money... when I get to Washington I want to be the voice for the people of Connecticut and not owe special favors.
I'm going to continue to talk about what is important to the people of Connecticut which is jobs, getting people back to work, the economy.
I have said from the beginning, I would spend what it would take for the people of Connecticut to know who I am and what I stand for.
I certainly think you could look at the business side of how WWE was run, which was as a conservative company with little debt and strong cash balance.
You have to think about the WWE as soap operas.
It was acting, and WWE is the longest-running weekly episodic program in television. Sure, there are story lines that are better than others.
I thought I was answering a question that I had heard that was about increasing the minimum wage - would I consider that. So let me just go on record and say this: I am not for decreasing the minimum wage. I did not say that and that is not something I would consider.
The minimum wage now in our country, I think we've set that, so there are a lot of people have benefited from it in our country, but I think we ought to review how much it ought to be, and whether or not we ought to have increases in the minimum wage.
I never really thought about the fact that there weren't female role models, because I had them in my life. The women I knew in my life were so strong.
Someone asked me recently if marriage is 50-50 - it averages out to be 50-50, but sometimes it's 75-25, sometimes it's 90-10. In the end, it has to average out to be 50-50; that's how you support each other.
I think it's high time that we had a woman president. But I don't want to elect someone just because she's a woman; I want the best candidate to be elected. I think that any woman who is elected to the highest office in the land would clearly have positive role model effects for other young women.
I found when talking with many other women that they sometimes are more reluctant to toot their own horn, to talk about their success. They have to be more confident in doing that. That is not always the case, but there is that element that women don't put forth who they are.
