American,Businesswoman
I am happy to keep working on books because I'm always reading, and I'm always trying to fall in love.
It's definitely a tough blow to your morale to get fired.
I know many filmmakers, and shooting in IMAX is challenging. Filmmakers love the vividness and power of those big images.
The IMAX cameras are big and heavy. And they're loud. So you have to be mindful of whether or not they're worth it; I'd say the image quality is incredible and the scale is amazing.
When I love a book, I really love a book. You don't get that very often.
When you're younger and you see something that really speaks to you, it's indelible in a way that's not the same as when you're an adult. So I'll always love reading books and making movies that resonate with young people.
I've been fortunate enough to match up the material I'm producing with the right buyer, the company that will make it and that wants it, and that isn't saying yes to be nice, but is saying yes because they want and need that movie and it's going to be important on their slate.
Getting movies developed doesn't do me any good as a producer. It only does me good to get movies made.
I think that one of the greatest perspectives that I have, from being a buyer for my whole career until I became a producer, is that I have a pretty good understanding of the buyer's mentality.
Suzanne Collins, it was such a big thing for me to make the handshake with her and to say, 'You can trust me. I will not screw up your books. And I won't let them be diluted and softened. And I won't let them be exploited and made guilty of the sins that are being commented on in the books.' I take that really seriously.
My daughter and I have this thing we call a PMA: 'perfect moment alert.' I try to really notice when we're having a PMA.
There's as much great authorship in the filmmaker community as in the literary community, and I'd love to welcome more filmmakers into the fold.
When doing family entertainment, you don't actually worry about kids. You know what you can't do. But in terms of sensibility and sophistication and wit and ambition, aim for your own taste level, and kids will - if they're interested in the subject matter - be glad that you did.
I think that women are underrepresented behind the camera as directors.
There are still so few female directors. There are far fewer writers than we'd like to see.
Ultimately, I am very filmmaker oriented, as a producer.
When you read a book, you create that tonal bandwidth. You set a tone for yourself, as you're reading it, in which everything exists within the world of your imagination.
I'm very superstitious. I come from a family that's big on not painting the nursery until the baby is home.
Ultimately, only audiences decide what's a franchise.
