American,Businesswoman
The rich are different. Their wants are very high maintenance. They'll pick eye color and hair color, all the way down to what she does for a living, what school she went to. Their list can be extremely long. But at the end of the day, dating is dating, because they're human beings.
I dated a guy and he liked me but I didn't like him. I went through his wardrobe and cleaned out his house and got him to get a new car. He said to me, 'If I give you $10,000, will you find me my wife because I want someone like you?' And within a year, he got married. That was the first match that led to me leaving my corporate job.
I was single for a really long time, then I realized I had abandonment issues. Then I found love online.
Gays don't have a lot of testosterone. I'm talking about that they use both sides of their brain. Straight men only use one side. Gay men are very bright, very handsome... they put themselves better together. They dress good, they decorate, they clean, they cook.
I think the men in L.A. are very rugged, good-looking. Men in New York look metro with their manis and pedis and their Bruno Magli loafers, but inside they're very masculine - aside from the Meatpacking District. The problem is the men in New York are five to one: five women to one man.
If you're giving love and not receiving it, you're not in the right relationship. If you're receiving it and not giving it than you are taking advantage of the other person.
The best part about being a matchmaker is you are getting credits in heaven, as I really believe I work for God. The worst part is that matchmakers can often fix everyone up, all the way to the altar, but cannot find love themselves, so it is bittersweet.
To get rid of depression, I swim with dolphins.
I'd like to date another millionaire. I've never done that.
I had to find a diet that would kick me back into dating shape, because I know that I can't date at size 8. I have to date at size 2. And it's just a fact of nature. Go get your injections and your chemical peels. You gotta look good to attract a man.
A man can be drawn across the room with the simplicity of a smile. That's why your pearly whites should always be straight and shiny. I think most of my clients are drawn to a fun, flirty nature in a woman. The problem is, most women do not often feel fun and flirty.
It hit me really hard that I want kids in my life.
We're all getting plastic surgery. Come on, this is the game here, and HDTV exaggerates all the features. Yeah, I'm proud of it, because we're all doing it. Nobody's talking about it.
It's not hard to find a date if you are Jewish in New York and Miami, but its hard in Texas.
I really want to adopt a child... I want to be called 'Mom.' It really is the most beautiful word in the English language.
I'd like to adopt an older child, maybe 5 years old.
Women are smart in business and dumb in love. They won't date outside their zip code, let alone outside the city. They are city snobs.
For the women in California, they're just downtrodden because they're so gorgeous here. Every hot cheerleader comes to California to make it. The men don't want to get married, they're lazy lions. Matthew McConaughey is their poster boy so they can procreate and live on the beach in the trailer and have kids and have money and be hedonistic.
There are a lot of millionairess situations. I'm one of them. I've always dated down financially. And now I'm changing my tune on that one. Things are going to change for me.
I don't hate redheads! The millionaire men - wealthy men - never pick them. Every time I offer them they say no. I could say the most gorgeous redhead in the world and they'll say no, they don't want it. Now if you ask an Irish guy in Ireland, he says 'yes,' because that's indigenous to that country.
If I was in a situation where it wasn't working and I had a choice with another man, I'm gonna assess it like a business deal: who is the better person for me?
When a man gets cheated on, I'm like, 'Meh, he'll find somebody else.' When a woman gets cheated on, that's a deep wound. I think when a man is widowed, like Liam Neeson, I think that has more of an effect - you had a great love and the universe took her.
If you have been divorced once - male or female, but especially for females - and you're over 40 you're actually a commodity. It means you were able to commit once, and you'll do it again.
I state in my book 'Become Your Own Matchmaker,' confidence is the key to any endeavor. Women don't realize that when they do things they love and are passionate about - their confidence soars. Men are attracted to women who feel happy and decisive about life.
As long as women are in the work force making their own money and decisions, men are going to have to realize that this way of life is here to stay - because it takes two incomes to make it and more now. The sooner you address your style of saving and spending with your mate the better off your relationship will be.
I always believe a woman should have 5 non-negotiables that she should stick to when attracting a mate. If the guy does not have these five major things - then she should not give the guy a chance as she's wasting her time. The rest is up to the magic and wiggle room the universe gives.
We've heard some theories, but there is a lot of mystery surrounding my adoption.
When you know what the male species is looking for - 'I'm not into a redhead,' 'I don't want a fat chick,' - I have to tell them that X won't date you unless you're this. I'm just the messenger.
It's hard for women who make a lot of money and make decisions all day long, then they have to come home and be 'Stupid Sally.' Men need respect, and they need to know that they can lead in the relationship, so even if they don't make the most money they need to be able to call the shots.
I'm Jewish, I can say it. We're storytellers. We were the moneylenders... Therefore we tell great tales to get what we need. I love Jewish men. They make the best husbands.
Oprah didn't want to put me on the show for a really long time because she thought I was more for the men than for the women.
Valentine's Day is the hardest day of the year for a woman to get out, but everybody who is anybody and single is out that night.
I was a VP of marketing, I was regional sales manager in fashion, and marketing director in communications and product development. I was always a corporate Fortune 500 girl.
Successful men don't date up. They are intimidated by wealthy women unless they are blue bloods. Successful men want to always take care of their women, and that means financially.
I have a great track record, and I have never been sued. If I can't find someone for someone, I refer them out. I have an affiliate division of matchmakers all over the world that I work with. Men like certain types of women, and I can subcontract that out to foreign countries.
I'm very quiet and shy in my personal life, as hard as that is to believe.
I'm on the Sensa diet. It's a little magic powder based on Dr. Hirsh's clinical trials and studies and it basically signals the brain that you're full through smellology.
I had a breast reduction.
