Indian,Actress
I don't think I was a good model. I think I was born to emote and act. I would walk down the ramp and smile and they used to say, 'Give us a blank look.' It was really difficult not to smile.
I genuinely don't care about the 'number one' tag. That's not my goal. You know, no one does that with heroes, but with actresses it's the same number game. It's not a bloody pageant. Everyone has something unique to offer.
Boys used to call me Soda in school days. Soda means 'serving officers daughters association.' I miss those days when I had a very protected life: one could get close and bond with other army people that they gradually would become your extended family.
If I lead my life according to someone else, I've screwed my life up.
I take pride in saying that I am an army officer's daughter even more than being an actor.
When my friends in college had crushes, I used to think something is wrong with them. I just chill out.
I share a very good rapport with Shah Rukh, so I was at ease working with him, and Imtiaz is a dream director for any actor.
To work with the same director is a great feeling.
My journey has been good, and by God's grace, I have not changed.
Wrestling is not an action; it is a sport.
I have never planned things in life. I believe in living life or doing things to the moment.
I am not as confident as the characters I play. I am a bit aloof. I am uncomfortable in social situations.
My friends once told me I remind them of the main character from the American comedy series 'Curb Your Enthusiasm.' I thought they must mean a sunny, affable girl-next-door, but instead I was confronted with Larry David! Crabby, moody, perversely neurotic Larry David. And the thing is, my friends were right.
I love the work that goes into making a movie and creating a different world. It is a wholesome experience.
As a viewer, I really want to watch author-backed stories, and there is something amazing about thrillers, the way it captivates your imagination.
I think if you want to do something, then you should go all out completely and be fearless.
Sometimes I get extremely disturbed with the things that are written. But you can't do anything about it. As a celebrity, you are putting yourself out there to be judged, and that's fine. I am now learning not to get affected by such things. I am building my career and making choices that I think are right while minding my own business.
I can never be in the same place for too long. It feels like the world is caving in.
I don't think I'm the best-looking actress around. I'm not Katrina Kaif; she is stunningly beautiful. There are some roles that might need a beautiful girl, and there would be a doubt in a director's mind whether he should cast me. But that perception will change with time. I'd like to believe actresses look better with experience.
There are two things that give me perfect happiness - doing the perfect shot and travelling. I get stressed, really stressed by the fact that there is just so much to see and I am not going to live long enough to visit all the places I want to.
Tell me one director who will go on record to say that I don't get along with them? I get along famously with all my directors because I am what I am today because of them.
I have never been a girlie girl and have always been a boys' girl with an equal amount of friends who were boys and girls.
If I know the guy is not interested, I don't fall in love. This is my safety.
I do have moments when I feel insecure. I do have moments when I feel jealous, and that's normal. It's a very normal emotion. It's your action and your attitude and your reaction to that that is important.
I am not a bloody ghoda running a race that you give me a tag. I am competitive, and the reason for that is that I want to do the best films.
I enjoyed playing the dual role of an actor and producer.
I always wanted to be a model, never an actress. I would see children in ads and stuff and wanted to be like them.
I am not a vivacious person in real. I hate smiling. I hate doing small talk.
I just got exposed to electronica, and I really liked it. I am also good with alternative rock. I like Lana Del Rey, Adele, Dido, Jack Johnson, and I love the Beatles and the Beach Boys.
Growing up, my parents treated my brother and me with absolute equality.
I was very young when I became an actor: I was 19 years old.
A female newcomer and a male newcomer will get paid different amounts of money. You're a newcomer, nobody knows who you are, man or woman doesn't matter. But you're going to get paid different money.
I was never treated differently. I never felt like I was lesser or I was discriminated against. I've only experienced that after I became an actor.
I tell myself that if I start to listen to these people and start to let them decide how I should behave and what I should do, then this is not my life - it's theirs.
I'm not gonna give anybody the power to control my life.
I don't think that a film should be known as 'male-centric' or 'female-centric,' but it should be known for the story. That would be really nice, and viable, too.
I think 'NH10' could have been done equally well by anybody else, and it's not a 'female-centric' or 'male-centric' film. It's the story that will appeal to the audience.
I always do stories that I believe in, characters that I find interesting, and directors who I want to work with. All these factors have contributed while making choices and continue to as an actor and as a producer.
For me, it's not like I am going to look at the money the director's film has made before their film... For me, it is about working with the director whose work I have admired.
I have nothing to hide. So when I spoke about my lip job, a lot of people called me brave for coming out.
I want to do a biopic as an actor. It's a thrill... I would love it if I am able to do a biopic.
I am someone who doesn't pay so much attention to how I am looking. I get so involved in what I am doing, so I overlook that.
That is the beauty of working with Karan Johar: you are going to look your best.
I dont understand flirting.
I find Tom Hardy very hot. About Bollywood actors, I dont think like that, as I know them.
I dont have a crush on anyone easily.
I have no illusions of being an icon to young girls or anybody.
I have never emulated any star or celebrity completely, and I hope nobody does the same of me.
It is so common in middle-class families to consider modelling and acting not serious.
One actress can't challenge or change anything.
People who speak different languages, they are watching the movie from our language. So, I think all of us should be proud as nation and as cinema lovers.
I can do a film only if it excites me as an actor.
As an actor, I have tried to do new things, and that's why I have done few films.
I think it is a wonderful process of transformation from an actress to a producer.
In future also, we would like to back films that can be considered slightly risky since they don't have song and dance.
For me, as an actor, it is brilliant that I can do both song-dance films and also something like 'NH10.' It is versatility which every actor aspires.
My parents never gave me a nickname. But for my friends, I am everything from 'Nushki' to 'Nusheshwar.'
I am very practical. It's not like I will fall in love with someone standing far away.
You can't go on telling, 'I am in love.'
As an actor, I am careless with the way I look on screen.
I would watch films like 'Frances Ha' and 'The Squid and the Whale,' and wonder why we weren't making these beautiful slice-of-life movies. Then I thought, 'Why am I not doing it?'
After I turned producer, people asked me, 'Why are you taking up production? You are still so young and doing well.' Just because an actress decides to make movies, do people assume that her career is not going well?
My style is a bit of what I like to call chic-casual. It is easy and comfortable.
It is very important for me that my clothes are comfortable and allow me to feel like myself and at ease.
I shouldn't feel awkward or feel disconnected to myself or my body while wearing the clothes or a particular fashion. This is very important.
Style, to me, is an extension of one's personality, a kind of self expression which is very personal. It is an expression of your moods, your personality.
I'm an honest person and don't lead my life on other people's terms.
I don't hide anything about myself, so I don't find it difficult to talk about things that happen in my life... But at the same time, I don't like putting myself out there too much. That's how I am.
I don't have any sense of inhibition, so I'm able to lead my life with a lot of honesty.
I am not against two-heroine films.
I would love to do a chick flick sometime soon, a film with strong female characters - when I say strong, I don't mean that they are changing the world, but just be real women.
When we worked together for 'Band Baaja Baaraat,' Ranveer used to be very anxious and hyper on set. He used to do weird things, but now he is calmer, less anxious. He's a better actor now.
Acting has always been my passion and will remain so.
I really wanted 'NH10' to be made, and being associated with it eased the entire process.
I want to be part of great cinema. That is my only aim.
As an actor, you want to do your best but not overshine the film. No actor is above the film.
I never come to know if somebody is in love with me; they will have to hold placards and say it.
I am a very basic person. I still believe marriage happens only once, and you have to sustain it.
I have done everything in my life very normally. And marriage is definitely there on my agendas in life. But I don't know when will it happen.
I didn't like when people said that actresses have shelf life.
Everything that I am going to do as an actress doesn't matter where it's coming from. It just has to be interesting.
I don't want to go and play a cliched Indian girl.
When you are not part of an industry, your knowledge of that field is based on what you read and hear and on the stereotypes that are attached to it.
When you see the industry's fickleness so early on, you realise that you are only as good as your last release. It is all about your work. And that has set the way I look at my profession and what I do in my career.
I believe that if your film is good, and if you are good, you will do well.
The stereotypes attached to Bollywood were that it's a big, bad world or that it's a dirty world.
I have been trolled multiple times, and it doesn't affect me anymore.
The decisions that you make in your career stem out from the experiences you have early on in your career.
I feel that in spite of having a big launch with 'RNBDJ' and the film doing well for me in terms of getting appreciation, I don't think it made me the next big thing.
I haven't done many films. But with every movie, I try to showcase a different side of me through a character.
'Jab We Met' is the reason why I have become an actress.
Having failures in life is important to understand where, exactly, you stand.
I don't want to carry the burden of a flop. I don't fall into that trap.
I feel that's a good thing as an actor that you do not feel satisfied. Whenever I go back and watch myself on screen, I find multiple reasons to redo that scene. That's an occupational hazard that most actors face. You can never come to terms with it.
It's difficult to judge yourself.
We shot many films in Delhi that turned out to be successful at the box office. So the attachment is definitely on the positive side.
Usually, I come for film promotions or events, but I have so many fond memories of Delhi.
I will share a personal experience: my father was posted in Jammu & Kashmir during the Kargil war. I remember my mom sitting in front of television throughout the day reading tickers which had name of the martyrs.
I know what soldiers or their families go through.
Being a soldier's daughter, I understand that what they are doing is the real deal. But me giving statement on the issue is of no significance.
I find it really cheap when people talk about an issue just for the sake of talking and are not making any difference to the actual situation.
I feel there is a great sense of achievement coming from a non-filmy background. But when you are going through a low phase, you don't have anybody to advice you because your parents possibly can't advice you on that.
I think everything has its own pros and cons.
We have to look good... our hair does get damaged due to straightening... tonging. We have to do something that helps our hair look good and healthy.
While I was shooting for 'NH10,' my hair had to look dirty in the film. To improve the texture... quality of hair, I had to use a lot of conditioner.
I don't want to endorse products that propagate fair skin at all.
I have got good films, and I am thankful to Aditya Chopra. He put a lot of faith in me.
Whenever I work on any Yash Raj film, I feel that they believed in me, and that's why I have been able to be in films today. I had no connection with movies apart from watching them.
I treat my acting career with a lot of respect.
As a producer, I want to back projects, talents, and scripts that speak to me not just as someone from the industry, but as an audience.
I have never planned my career here in Bollywood, so planning to do Hollywood films is a distant thing. You have to see how things come.
I don't like to talk about my personal life, so I will not talk about others. I don't give advice. I give advice to only my mother, father, and brother on health.
