Indian,Director
I think I am a travel junkie, and I have never enjoyed anything else in my life more than travelling and going to places.
Dilip Kumar was the only Bollywood hero who could make a girl shiver just by looking at her. If you don't believe it, ask your mom!
I was complexed and awkward that I was good for nothing and was always lying. I would lie to my school friends that I was a stud in my colony and to my colony friends that I was a stud in the school cricket and football teams, though I was in no team.
When you write a story, it just flows and you don't control it. It's subconscious.
I enjoy looking beyond the obvious and look at the stories happening all around me - you kind of formulate things in your mind and get excited about them.
All the conscious decisions that I have taken in my life have never borne fruit. Not even come close! So, I am just very happy not planning.
'Love Aaj Kal' is not really a road movie, but it does involve some travel.
My father did irrigation jobs, and I would sometimes accompany him, and that gave me a taste of what was going on in the innards of India.
I was interested in theatre and media and came to Mumbai to get a job. I imagined that the film industry would be a white building with producers sitting in different rooms, and you could walk in and meet them, and they would interview you and select you.
Anything I wanted to do and achieve has not been influential in my life, but my failures have.
I'm a big foodie. Hyderabadi cuisine is amazing, and the kind of mutton dishes available at some restaurants in the Old City is incredible.
I feel whatever an actor does on screen is something the actor 'does,' and what the director can do is to tell, talk or instruct. So, all the credit for an actor's performance goes to the actor alone.
I'm not the 'look at me' kind of a person. I do not like showing off in public or written about.
I just write characters, and somehow they happen to be a boy and a girl. When the story is put together, and their characters interwoven, they do end up together somehow.
Through travel, you discover a new aspect to your personality. You discover things which you wouldn't seated in the confines of your home.
Coming from a middle class background, travel was always considered a luxury then, even if it meant going to a relative's place or a religious shrine.
The physical journey in my films is indicative of the internal journey that my characters take.
I myself got married at a very young age. It has always intrigued me because marriage is very synthetic in an otherwise natural world.
I come from a middle class background. I have travelled a lot by trains and have lived in the world. It is a world I cannot get away from; I would not even want to.
I want to direct what I feel is interesting - not what is supposed to be my zone.
I have always tried to make profitable films because people's offices shut down if films fail, and I will do everything to avoid that.
I'm not educated about cinema or genres.
The film industry has been extremely welcoming to me. It's an industry which is biased to what they think is talent. If they think you can bring value to cinema, they'll support you.
I want all my films to look distinctly different, like some other directors I admire. But in a way, I can't really take myself completely out of the movies I make.
Especially on unexpected journeys, you have time; you can figure certain deeper things out, like who you are and what you want. That's why I enjoy journeys.
I try to travel as much as I can... I'm always looking for a reason to.
