Indian,Leader
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening.
The good man is the friend of all living things.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people.
When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment, full effort is full victory.
Non-violence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind. It is mightier than the mightiest weapon of destruction devised by the ingenuity of man.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes.
Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding.
There is a sufficiency in the world for man's need but not for man's greed.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
No culture can live if it attempts to be exclusive.
We may stumble and fall but shall rise again; it should be enough if we did not run away from the battle.
The real ornament of woman is her character, her purity.
Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow-men.
I did once seriously think of embracing the Christian faith. The gentle figure of Christ, so full of forgiveness that he taught his followers not to retaliate when abused or struck, but to turn the other cheek - I thought it was a beautiful example of the perfect man.
Non-violence and truth are inseparable and presuppose one another.
Non-violence is the article of faith.
Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
Jesus is ideal and wonderful, but you Christians - you are not like him.
Self-respect knows no considerations.
What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans, and the homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty or democracy?
My religion is based on truth and non-violence. Truth is my God. Non-violence is the means of realising Him.
In matters of conscience, the law of the majority has no place.
I am prepared to die, but there is no cause for which I am prepared to kill.
We may never be strong enough to be entirely nonviolent in thought, word and deed. But we must keep nonviolence as our goal and make strong progress towards it.
All compromise is based on give and take, but there can be no give and take on fundamentals. Any compromise on mere fundamentals is a surrender. For it is all give and no take.
The moment there is suspicion about a person's motives, everything he does becomes tainted.
What do I think of Western civilization? I think it would be a very good idea.
I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers.
Prayer is a confession of one's own unworthiness and weakness.
An unjust law is itself a species of violence. Arrest for its breach is more so.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.
It has always been a mystery to me how men can feel themselves honoured by the humiliation of their fellow beings.
I have nothing new to teach the world. Truth and Non-violence are as old as the hills. All I have done is to try experiments in both on as vast a scale as I could.
When restraint and courtesy are added to strength, the latter becomes irresistible.
Fear has its use but cowardice has none.
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.
A 'No' uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a 'Yes' merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble.
Those who say religion has nothing to do with politics do not know what religion is.
Everyone who wills can hear the inner voice. It is within everyone.
It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.
To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest.
The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within.
Man is supposed to be the maker of his destiny. It is only partly true. He can make his destiny, only in so far as he is allowed by the Great Power.
Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly. The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body.
The law of sacrifice is uniform throughout the world. To be effective it demands the sacrifice of the bravest and the most spotless.
Man can never be a woman's equal in the spirit of selfless service with which nature has endowed her.
Sense perceptions can be and often are false and deceptive, however real they may appear to us. Where there is realization outside the senses, it is infallible. It is proved not by extraneous evidence but in the transformed conduct and character of those who have felt the real presence of God within.
Glory lies in the attempt to reach one's goal and not in reaching it.
Morality which depends upon the helplessness of a man or woman has not much to recommend it. Morality is rooted in the purity of our hearts.
Infinite striving to be the best is man's duty; it is its own reward. Everything else is in God's hands.
A man who was completely innocent, offered himself as a sacrifice for the good of others, including his enemies, and became the ransom of the world. It was a perfect act.
Nearly everything you do is of no importance, but it is important that you do it.
There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever.
I have also seen children successfully surmounting the effects of an evil inheritance. That is due to purity being an inherent attribute of the soul.
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living?
Nonviolence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed.
As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world - that is the myth of the atomic age - as in being able to remake ourselves.
Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances.
A vow is a purely religious act which cannot be taken in a fit of passion. It can be taken only with a mind purified and composed and with God as witness.
Faith... must be enforced by reason... when faith becomes blind it dies.
Commonsense is the realised sense of proportion.
I will far rather see the race of man extinct than that we should become less than beasts by making the noblest of God's creation, woman, the object of our lust.
I know, to banish anger altogether from one's breast is a difficult task. It cannot be achieved through pure personal effort. It can be done only by God's grace.
Interdependence is and ought to be as much the ideal of man as self-sufficiency. Man is a social being.
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.
I look only to the good qualities of men. Not being faultless myself, I won't presume to probe into the faults of others.
Healthy discontent is the prelude to progress.
Culture of the mind must be subservient to the heart.
Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India, history will look upon the act depriving a whole nation of arms as the blackest.
Whatever you do may seem insignificant to you, but it is most important that you do it.
I claim that human mind or human society is not divided into watertight compartments called social, political and religious. All act and react upon one another.
To deprive a man of his natural liberty and to deny to him the ordinary amenities of life is worse then starving the body; it is starvation of the soul, the dweller in the body.
An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it.
Let everyone try and find that as a result of daily prayer he adds something new to his life, something with which nothing can be compared.
Purity of personal life is the one indispensable condition for building up a sound education.
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience. It supercedes all other courts.
I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary; the evil it does is permanent.
To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.
That service is the noblest which is rendered for its own sake.
The human voice can never reach the distance that is covered by the still small voice of conscience.
Are creeds such simple things like the clothes which a man can change at will and put on at will? Creeds are such for which people live for ages and ages.
Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French.
Each one prays to God according to his own light.
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.
It may be possible to gild pure gold, but who can make his mother more beautiful?
Where love is, there God is also.
Man's nature is not essentially evil. Brute nature has been known to yield to the influence of love. You must never despair of human nature.
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.
Truth never damages a cause that is just.
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
God is, even though the whole world deny him. Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.
Moral authority is never retained by any attempt to hold on to it. It comes without seeking and is retained without effort.
God sometimes does try to the uttermost those whom he wishes to bless.
Providence has its appointed hour for everything. We cannot command results, we can only strive.
Is it not enough to know the evil to shun it? If not, we should be sincere enough to admit that we love evil too well to give it up.
I claim to be a simple individual liable to err like any other fellow mortal. I own, however, that I have humility enough to confess my errors and to retrace my steps.
Violent means will give violent freedom. That would be a menace to the world and to India herself.
For me every ruler is alien that defies public opinion.
Though we may know Him by a thousand names, He is one and the same to us all.
Let us all be brave enough to die the death of a martyr, but let no one lust for martyrdom.
All the religions of the world, while they may differ in other respects, unitedly proclaim that nothing lives in this world but Truth.
Constant development is the law of life, and a man who always tries to maintain his dogmas in order to appear consistent drives himself into a false position.
I would heartily welcome the union of East and West provided it is not based on brute force.
I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world.
Just as a man would not cherish living in a body other than his own, so do nations not like to live under other nations, however noble and great the latter may be.
Confession of errors is like a broom which sweeps away the dirt and leaves the surface brighter and clearer. I feel stronger for confession.
Increase of material comforts, it may be generally laid down, does not in any way whatsoever conduce to moral growth.
A policy is a temporary creed liable to be changed, but while it holds good it has got to be pursued with apostolic zeal.
It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.
I am a humble but very earnest seeker after truth.
Partition is bad. But whatever is past is past. We have only to look to the future.
Prayer is not an old woman's idle amusement. Properly understood and applied, it is the most potent instrument of action.
I have worshipped woman as the living embodiment of the spirit of service and sacrifice.
Ours is one continued struggle against degradation sought to be inflicted upon us by the European, who desire to degrade us to the level of the raw Kaffir, whose occupation is hunting and whose sole ambition is to collect a certain number of cattle to buy a wife with, and then pass his life in indolence and nakedness.
A religion that takes no account of practical affairs and does not help to solve them is no religion.
God cannot be realized through the intellect. Intellect can lead one to a certain extent and no further. It is a matter of faith and experience derived from that faith.
Capital as such is not evil; it is its wrong use that is evil. Capital in some form or other will always be needed.
There is no principle worth the name if it is not wholly good.
If a man reaches the heart of his own religion, he has reached the heart of the others, too. There is only one God, and there are many paths to him.
We do not need to proselytise either by our speech or by our writing. We can only do so really with our lives. Let our lives be open books for all to study.
It is any day better to stand erect with a broken and bandaged head then to crawl on one's belly, in order to be able to save one's head.
A weak man is just by accident. A strong but non-violent man is unjust by accident.
Religion is more than life. Remember that his own religion is the truest to every man even if it stands low in the scales of philosophical comparison.
He is lost who is possessed by carnal desire.
One's own religion is after all a matter between oneself and one's Maker and no one else's.
I wear the national dress because it is the most natural and the most becoming for an Indian.
Justice that love gives is a surrender, justice that law gives is a punishment.
I believe that a man is the strongest soldier for daring to die unarmed.
We should meet abuse by forbearance. Human nature is so constituted that if we take absolutely no notice of anger or abuse, the person indulging in it will soon weary of it and stop.
We win justice quickest by rendering justice to the other party.
I reject any religious doctrine that does not appeal to reason and is in conflict with morality.
Intolerance betrays want of faith in one's cause.
God, as Truth, has been for me a treasure beyond price. May He be so to every one of us.
But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac.
Religion is a matter of the heart. No physical inconvenience can warrant abandonment of one's own religion.
Measures must always in a progressive society be held superior to men, who are after all imperfect instruments, working for their fulfilment.
The spirit of democracy is not a mechanical thing to be adjusted by abolition of forms. It requires change of heart.
There is an orderliness in the universe, there is an unalterable law governing everything and every being that exists or lives. It is no blind law; for no blind law can govern the conduct of living beings.
The pursuit of truth does not permit violence on one's opponent.
I took the vow of celibacy in 1906. I had not shared my thoughts with my wife until then, but only consulted her at the time of making the vow. She had no objection.
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
A principle is the expression of perfection, and as imperfect beings like us cannot practise perfection, we devise every moment limits of its compromise in practice.
What is true of the individual will be tomorrow true of the whole nation if individuals will but refuse to lose heart and hope.
Man lives freely only by his readiness to die, if need be, at the hands of his brother, never by killing him.
It is my own firm belief that the strength of the soul grows in proportion as you subdue the flesh.
Every formula of every religion has in this age of reason, to submit to the acid test of reason and universal assent.
If co-operation is a duty, I hold that non-co-operation also under certain conditions is equally a duty.
Man falls from the pursuit of the ideal of plan living and high thinking the moment he wants to multiply his daily wants. Man's happiness really lies in contentment.
I am in the world feeling my way to light 'amid the encircling gloom.'
I think it is the height of ignorance to believe that the sexual act is an independent function necessary like sleeping or eating. Seeing, therefore, that I did not desire more children, I began to strive after self-control. There was endless difficulty in the task.
I do all the evil I can before I learn to shun it? Is it not enough to know the evil to shun it? If not, we should be sincere enough to admit that we love evil too well to give it up.
I claim to be a simple individual liable to err like any other fellow mortal. I own, however, that I have humility enough in me to confess my errors and to retrace my steps.
Action is no less necessary than thought to the instinctive tendencies of the human frame.
I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the present. God has given me no control over the moment following.
Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point.
Spiritual relationship is far more precious than physical. Physical relationship divorced from spiritual is body without soul.
We may have our private opinions but why should they be a bar to the meeting of hearts?
Unwearied ceaseless effort is the price that must be paid for turning faith into a rich infallible experience.
Only he can take great resolves who has indomitable faith in God and has fear of God.
Morality is contraband in war.
Rights that do not flow from duty well performed are not worth having.
Let not the 12 million Negroes be ashamed of the fact that they are the grandchildren of slaves. There is dishonor in being slave-owners.
My religion teaches me that whenever there is distress which one cannot remove, one must fast and pray.
