Indian,Actor
In fitness, there are no short cuts. It involves immense discipline and hard work.
I'm very thankful to all my fans for their constant love and support. I am what I am because of their unconditional love.
My father is an amazing person. While he was a huge star, he never carried his stardom home and always remained simple and just our father at home. I have four siblings, and we were all very grounded. We lived a very simple life: would go in an auto rickshaw to school, played with normal boys.
In modern life, we tend to forget family values because of the hectic schedule.
As long as I am acting, I will do only Telugu films. I want to take Telugu films to the world. Everyone should talk about our films.
No good actor ever stops learning. He is constantly evolving.
My father is my idol, and I have grown up watching his films. He is my biggest influence and inspiration. I have learnt a lot from him, and I am who I am because of him. I'm extremely grateful to him for that.
Over the years, with all the experience, I've become more mature about the subjects I pick. I have a better understanding of what works at the box office. Once the story is finalised, I surrender to the director and follow him. After that, my performances speak for themselves.
I work out every day - and my daily routine is a mix of functional and strength training.
Everyone should change; otherwise, you can't grow as a person in life.
I don't have any dream role. I give my 100% to every character I play, and when the film clicks, it automatically becomes a dream role.
I believe in content, and I go accordingly.
I like to tread uncharted territory and push myself in terms of performance.
Stress and looks are directly connected as far as I am concerned. If you are happy, you look good.
If you have a happy home, everything is sorted, I guess.
Being a father is the most important thing, if you ask me. It changed me as a person and gave me an all new life.
When people say they take hits and flops in their stride, I personally feel that they are just lying. Of course, I'm upset when my movies flop. I take it very personally.
I am very close to my brother Ramesh Babu. When my father was away for shootings, my brother would take care of me, and I am very close to him, and yes, Dad's always special. He used to call me and enquire about my film's progress. Whenever I deliver a hit, I can see a glow on my father's face.
For a Tamil debut, I wanted to make sure the script is the right one. We are hopeful 'Bramhotsavam' will be that film.
If the home is good, all will be good.
My father is my inspiration.
'Srimanthudu' was very important for me and my career at that time, so I was tensed. But for 'Brahmotsavam,' honestly speaking, I am more excited because of its content. I have attempted something new, and I am keen to see how the audience receives it.
I grew up in Madras and did my schooling at St. Bedes and college at Loyola.
I was 13 - 14 when I first tasted stardom. In the summer holidays, my dad made me act in these films that went on to become superhits. I became a child star.
When my film flops, I believe it is my mistake. There have been times when I didn't come out of my house because my films didn't do well. I lock myself in for months. I don't talk to people. I feel bad for producer, director, for those who lost money. It's never about myself or my career alone.
The only thing I have learnt over the years is that if you enjoy your work and put in the best efforts, it will show. If you follow this process, things work out. But if you go chasing a formula, success will elude you.
To be honest, I have never thought about getting into direction.
Directing a film requires a different set of skills. It is a difficult job, and I am happy being an actor.
I love holidaying with the kids after working hard, it is amazing.
When I am shooting a film, and it has a big schedule, I make sure that I take a week off with the family. It gives you new energy.
True, I was born and raised in Chennai, fluent in Tamil, but essentially, I am a Telugu guy and a Telugu actor.
'Bramhotsavam' is a celebration of families, life and togetherness. It's a film I hold close to my heart.
Pressure is there with any release of mine. It's more my own, as I need to surpass my own expectations.
I'm very happy to co-produce a film like 'Srimanthudu.'
Siva is one of the best writers in the industry, and 'Srimanthudu' is a great script.
I don't know how to put it, but I don't have many friends. All my friends circle was in Madras, and I lost touch with them. But I'm friends with all my directors, and they are very important for me.
You have to be a little commercial, and that's what I learnt over the years.
C Kalyan has been amazing and totally committed as a producer.
First and foremost, I look for a great script. Then, the team that I am working with. Only then, we will be able to come up with a good film.
You see, at 25, I was very new to my craft. I was raw as an actor; my exposure was limited... No matter what field you are in, experience adds to your personality.
I'm extremely particular how my look should be in a film.
Yes, 'Aagadu' was a failure. I was dejected for a couple of months, since there was a lot at stake.
Gautham was a premature baby. I remember when doctors said that his health condition was critical, I was tense. I could afford the treatment, but a lot of commoners can't. I believe more children's lives can be saved if we work towards it.
Whatever my father did were great films. I don't want to remake any of them.
People used to say I'm weak in comedy. But, with 'Mahesh Khaelja' and 'Dookudu,' I have proved that I am good at comedy.
I believe children's blessings are very powerful.
I don't remake any movie, whether old or of other language.
I would like the thrill of making a new project every time.
I am strictly against remaking a movie.
I have been very pleased at the response we have got for 'SVSC.'
'Baahubali's success augurs well for the Telugu film industry as a whole. It has opened up new markets.
'Selvandhan' is my first dubbed venture, which will release simultaneously with the original. It is a family drama. It has familiar Tamil faces, and I hope it does well.
Initially, when I joined Twitter, I was active. But, later, I felt that whatever I was tweeting or saying on a social platform turned out to be a little boring.
Personal life? I'd like to keep it private.
A lot of things and a lot of money is involved in a movie. It is very upsetting when a movie doesn't fare well at the box-office.
I can only hope that my future movies will do well.
I try to make my fans happy by working hard in every film of mine, and I give my films everything I've got.
Over the years, I have worked very hard to achieve what I have so far. But I've not been alone in this journey. A lot of the credit for this goes to my fans - it's because of them that I'm here today.
I really don't know the secret to it, but I'd like to think my desirability is a combination of my personality, my image, and, most importantly, the kind of films I do.
I'm a big fan of my father.
A hit film is what we work for as actors, as that goes to show that we have managed to entertain our audiences who shower us with their love and affection throughout the years.
It's healthy to have two or three weeks' gap between big releases.
I am neither going to Bollywood nor joining politics.
Everybody has been saying 'Srimanthudu' is the best film of my career. After watching the film, Dad told me that he's never seen me perform like this. I just couldn't stop myself from crying.
Telugu audiences love cinema. They won't let a good film down, and they've proved this with the way they accepted 'Srimanthudu.'
My son Gautham usually doesn't watch my films. But he watched 'Srimanthudu' in the theatre.
When I started as a child actor, my father didn't tell me anything.
I like to reinvent with each project, in any which way possible.
It's better to do a film that works.
I try to work on a film that my audiences would appreciate and enjoy their time in a theatre.
I'm under pressure with all my films. And the reason we are always under pressure is because it's only in our profession that months and even years of hard work is judged by the first show on Friday.
Our entire film fraternity should be proud of 'Baahubali.' These are the kind of films that are not made very often.
Pressure is part and parcel of our career.
Over the years, I've learnt from co-actors, directors, technicians, and even from junior artists.
With every film, the pressure is on the rise for the next.
My father usually does not talk to me about my films, and it was a pleasant moment when he appreciated me the first time.
Who cares and remembers if my last film was a success? I need to work harder.
My director is usually aware of what works for me and what doesn't. For 'Srimanthudu,' I have to give full credit to director Koratala Sivagaru for handling my character the way he did.
On the clothes front, I have a designer who sits with the director for each film to chalk out a look for me based on the script.
I am very close to my brother Ramesh Babu. When my father was away for shootings, my brother would take care of me, and I am very close to him, and yes, Dad's always special.
Whenever I deliver a hit, I can see a glow on my father's face. Sometimes, I think he turns 10 to 15 years younger when I deliver a hit.
Men who are not loyal to their wives are foolish.
