Indian,Editor
Lisbeth Salander is one of the most compelling heroines of 21st century crime literature, and I am thrilled to see readers have welcomed her return.
I have, from time to time, stopped using it for books, when they pissed me off about something - the negotiation with Hachette, for instance. I thought that was outrageous bullying, and I discontinued using Amazon for books. I did use it for socks, but I didn't use it to buy books.
If the response to 'Suite Francaise' is any indication, there's a great deal of curiosity about Nemirovsky, and the best way to deal with it is to produce another book. So much of her work has been unavailable, and we want to bring as much of it back into print as possible.
I think I'm more marketing- and sales-oriented than others, and the notion of selling books continues to interest me.
I was from somewhere else. Then all of a sudden I was here, in New York. With one suitcase.
The biggest kick is reading something new and exciting and then getting other people to share your enthusiasm. Beyond all the cant and hypocrisy in publishing, that's what it's all about.
Tony Blair is an extremely popular figure in North America. His memoir is refreshing, both for its candour and vivid portrayal of political life.
The original publication of 'The DaVinci Code' preceded the e-book era.
Tony Blair is one of the most significant world leaders of the modern era. He has a remarkable story to tell. His tenure as prime minister was marked by close relationships with Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush, and he enjoys a profile in this country that is rare among foreign leaders.
President Clinton is one of the dominant figures on the global stage. He has lived an extraordinary life, and he has a great story to tell.
There isn't really a whole lot to know about me.
I'm a boring guy who's got a great job in a profession that still gives me a great deal of pleasure after 35 years.
One of the great things about New York is this wonderful park we have.
I've started taking long walks in the park, which is quite wonderful.
Most writers of entertainment fiction tend to receive controversial reviews.
There are not too many people who are polymathic these days.
I see myself as a transient, not an immigrant.
It was the cholesterol. I had two fried eggs a day for breakfast. I had no checkups for five years. I kept meaning to go. The doctor would probably say it was years of bad living. I've always had a good time. Maybe I've had too good a time.
I don't have a glamorous lifestyle.
We all have our notions of sport. If I'd wanted to make my living climbing mountains, I wouldn't have gone into publishing. Most of the time, you're sitting in a dark room reading a manuscript.
I have nothing but regret that I cannot continue to behave the way I behaved all my life, and I can't wait for a chance to behave immoderately again.
In 'Lean In,' Sheryl Sandberg gives a frank assessment of what it will take for women to move forward as equals to men. Her book is full of sound advice and informed recommendations and marked by its positive outlook.
I believe 'Lean In' has the power to change not only our outlook but also the world and that it will become a touchstone publication for a generation of women.
There are distinctions between Indian and Pakistani writers.
The Pakistani writers are addressing change and what's happening today in the world. There is something completely contemporary in this writing.
'French Women Don't Get Fat' has become something of a phenomenon.
I've always loved the physical book and remain committed to it.
Hillary Clinton is one of the most compelling figures in the world today... and Carl Bernstein's stunning portrait shows us, for the first time, the true trajectory of her life and career.
Not all new books carry endorsements, and I wouldn't say that blurbs are indispensable for marketing.
At Knopf, we look at each book on a case-by-case basis... in some cases, we think a writer might get a boost from an endorsement by a fellow writer, but in other cases, a new book will be better served by other means, such as publicity and reviews.
A blurb might bring a reader to a book, but then the book itself has to do the rest of the work.
There is such a very large quantity of books clamouring for a buyer's attention that publishers have relied more and more on support such as blurbs as a way of getting an independent recommendation from a familiar name, much in the same way that Amazon.com will send an e-mail recommending Book A to a customer who's already purchased Book B.
Andre Agassi is one of the world's most popular and admired figures. He has lived an extraordinary life, and he has a great story to tell.
I have been waiting a long time to see what's next for Bridget Jones, and I am beyond thrilled she's back.
