Indian,Actor
I am not at all stylish. For me, style is a state of mind and individuality.
Every son's first superhero is his father, and it was the same for me. For me, he was Superman and Batman combined.
I am who I am. I am not very complicated. I am simple and an introvert.
We are entertainers. We have to give our audience a good time. If my name serves that purpose, if that brings a smile on your face, then I think it is good and my job has been done.
Apparently, I used to bite, scratch and growl at people when I was young, so my parents named me 'Tiger.'
I am a day dreamer. I visualise a lot of things at the same time.
I like superheroes who are very human and underdog. That's why I relate to my character in 'A Flying Jatt': because he is a very normal person and very human. He was very unsure about his super powers; he didn't know how to use them. He is scared of heights, speed. Especially he is scared of his mom, but he has to listen to her.
I think cinema is so visually driven now, and people are so taken in by the glamour, gloss and all things good looking that we don't appreciate the craft as much as we used to in the bygone era.
I think stardom means a big responsibility that one has to shoulder.
Even as a child, I would get film offers, and all my friends would tease me saying, 'You will also be an actor like your father,' or 'Don't forget us.' I always took it as a joke, but subconsciously, I felt maybe this was my true calling.
I can stand up for what I believe in. I don't take the word 'rebel' in a negative connotation.
I am happy with my name. It is such an attraction, and it makes people laugh.
My mom is my biggest support and critic. I've tried to be a good son, and I don't think I've given her a single day of grief. I want her to know she has my unconditional love.
It's a very competitive world out there. The competitive spirit is fine within limits. But it shouldn't drown the sheer joy of the game being played. It's natural to want to win. But to me, it's not natural to want others to fail.
I am comfortable in my character's skin. I am uncomfortable being in my own skin.
I wish I could say I am a rebel for love in real life. I don't think I am so cool.
If I have to use a body double, it means I'm not well prepared to do what I have to do.
Stuntmen don't have a lavish life. They are such hard working people, but not respected enough. And I don't like that. If I become something in my life, I want to give them a better life, take them to a higher level.
I look for roles where I can do justice, show people a side of Bollywood they haven't seen before.
Action is a universal language, so everyone understands a punch and a kick.
My becoming an actor wasn't planned. My interest always lied in sports such as football, martial arts, gymnastics and dance.
Michael Jackson is so unique, and I look up to him and try to imbibe as much from him and marry it to my own style.
I have had a lot of crushes but have never had the courage to go up to a girl and say what I feel. I am scared of rejection.
After my 12th standard, I started preparing for the film industry. I've had no formal acting training.
As I grew older, I realised that Bruce Lee was an actor first and a martial artist second. If he wasn't a convincing actor and didn't have the emotion in his eyes before delivering a kick or a punch, it wouldn't have made that much of an impact.
I am trying to give whatever little fans I have as much information as they want from me. I don't want to come across as arrogant or mean by not telling or giving them what them I want. These are the people who make you a star.
Martial arts is what pulled me through tough times, and it is one of the reasons for my happiness.
The day I think I've achieved everything will be the day I fail. There is no end to learning, and I want to continue being a student.
Hrithik Roshan is my idol both onscreen as well as off screen. I wish that I could become just 50 percent like him.
As for Aamir Khan, he keeps raising the standard with every film. For an artist like me or a newcomer like me, we can only look up to that and dream, 'When will that be us someday?' There's so much to learn from him. He is the encyclopedia of acting.
Since childhood, I have been a fan of Spider Man because, according to me, he has the maximum humanity; he is very human, very mortal. So he even gets hurt. He has a poor background, but when he wears the costume, he forgets all of that, all the pressures of the society on him.
Since childhood, I wanted to become a superhero. When I do anything in real life, I believe that I am a superhero, like in the way I fight, dance, or jump.
In my house, my mother is my superhero.
There are so many talented actors in my contemporaries and my seniors... I seek inspiration from each one of them.
It is easier for a star kid to get noticed than for a person coming from a non-film background. That being said, I didn't get my first movie because I was Jackie Shroff's son.
Being star kids, there are certain expectations to live up to. There's a certain pressure from the public. And, if your film doesn't work, it's even worse.
I deliberately try to carry a different perception of myself as opposed to my father's. I respect my dad and his body of work, but I can't give him credit for what I am today. As a person, I give my parents full credit; career-wise, no.
Whenever I meet children's parents, they complain that the kids don't sleep until they listen to my whistle baja song! My songs have captivated the kids.
