American,President
If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.
The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors, and for the purpose of profiting by dearly bought experience.
Nothing can be more hurtful to the service, than the neglect of discipline; for that discipline, more than numbers, gives one army the superiority over another.
Laws made by common consent must not be trampled on by individuals.
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.
The foolish and wicked practice of profane cursing and swearing is a vice so mean and low that every person of sense and character detests and despises it.
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.
Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
It will be found an unjust and unwise jealousy to deprive a man of his natural liberty upon the supposition he may abuse it.
Mankind, when left to themselves, are unfit for their own government.
When we assumed the Soldier, we did not lay aside the Citizen.
The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism.
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire, called conscience.
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
There is nothing which can better deserve your patronage, than the promotion of science and literature. Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness.
Let your heart feel for the afflictions and distress of everyone, and let your hand give in proportion to your purse.
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of government.
A slender acquaintance with the world must convince every man that actions, not words, are the true criterion of the attachment of friends.
I beg you be persuaded that no one would be more zealous than myself to establish effectual barriers against the horrors of spiritual tyranny, and every species of religious persecution.
I am persuaded, you will permit me to observe, that the path of true piety is so plain as to require but little political direction.
The constitution vests the power of declaring war in Congress; therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be undertaken until after they shall have deliberated upon the subject and authorized such a measure.
