American,President
The people are the only legitimate fountain of power, and it is from them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches of government hold their power, is derived.
Liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty, but also by the abuse of power.
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.
If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary.
America was indebted to immigration for her settlement and prosperity. That part of America which had encouraged them most had advanced most rapidly in population, agriculture and the arts.
The rights of persons, and the rights of property, are the objects, for the protection of which Government was instituted.
In Republics, the great danger is, that the majority may not sufficiently respect the rights of the minority.
The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.
The purpose of separation of church and state is to keep forever from these shores the ceaseless strife that has soaked the soil of Europe with blood for centuries.
Philosophy is common sense with big words.
A well-instructed people alone can be permanently a free people.
It will be of little avail to the people that the laws are made by men of their own choice if the laws be so voluminous that they cannot be read, or so incoherent that they cannot be understood.
The happy Union of these States is a wonder; their Constitution a miracle; their example the hope of Liberty throughout the world.
A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them.
The essence of Government is power; and power, lodged as it must be in human hands, will ever be liable to abuse.
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.
A popular government without popular information or the means of acquiring it, is but a prologue to a farce, or a tragedy, or perhaps both.
Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind and unfits it for every noble enterprise, every expanded prospect.
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.
Let me recommend the best medicine in the world: a long journey, at a mild season, through a pleasant country, in easy stages.
A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country.
Where an excess of power prevails, property of no sort is duly respected. No man is safe in his opinions, his person, his faculties, or his possessions.
No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.
Ambition must be made to counteract ambition.
A pure democracy is a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person.
The internal effects of a mutable policy poisons the blessings of liberty itself.
Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.
The operations of the federal government will be most extensive and important in times of war and danger; those of the state governments, in times of peace and security.
War should only be declared by the authority of the people, whose toils and treasures are to support its burdens, instead of the government which is to reap its fruits.
The personal right to acquire property, which is a natural right, gives to property, when acquired, a right to protection, as a social right.
Every nation whose affairs betray a want of wisdom and stability may calculate on every loss which can be sustained from the more systematic policy of its wiser neighbors.
The diversity in the faculties of men, from which the rights of property originate, is not less an insuperable obstacle to an uniformity of interests. The protection of these faculties is the first object of government.
The executive has no right, in any case, to decide the question, whether there is or is not cause for declaring war.
What prudent merchant will hazard his fortunes in any new branch of commerce when he knows not that his plans may be rendered unlawful before they can be executed?
I entirely concur in the propriety of resorting to the sense in which the Constitution was accepted and ratified by the nation. In that sense alone it is the legitimate Constitution.
Learned Institutions ought to be favorite objects with every free people. They throw that light over the public mind which is the best security against crafty and dangerous encroachments on the public liberty.
Of all the enemies of public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other.
Union of religious sentiments begets a surprising confidence.
War contains so much folly, as well as wickedness, that much is to be hoped from the progress of reason.
Any reading not of a vicious species must be a good substitute for the amusements too apt to fill up the leisure of the labouring classes.
Commercial shackles are generally unjust, oppressive, and impolitic.
If we are to take for the criterion of truth the majority of suffrages, they ought to be gotten from those philosophic and patriotic citizens who cultivate their reason.
I have no doubt but that the misery of the lower classes will be found to abate whenever the Government assumes a freer aspect and the laws favor a subdivision of Property.
All that seems indispensible in stating the account between the dead and the living, is to see that the debts against the latter do not exceed the advances made by the former.
Despotism can only exist in darkness, and there are too many lights now in the political firmament to permit it to remain anywhere, as it has heretofore done, almost everywhere.
