American,President
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
A Bill of Rights is what the people are entitled to against every government, and what no just government should refuse, or rest on inference.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add 'within the limits of the law' because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the rights of the individual.
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions that I wish it to be always kept alive.
All, too, will bear in mind this sacred principle, that though the will of the majority is in all cases to prevail, that will to be rightful must be reasonable; that the minority possess their equal rights, which equal law must protect, and to violate would be oppression.
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very far.
Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of liberty.
I believe that every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another.
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning.
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.
Commerce with all nations, alliance with none, should be our motto.
The boisterous sea of liberty is never without a wave.
Whenever the people are well-informed, they can be trusted with their own government.
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give you happiness.
There is not a sprig of grass that shoots uninteresting to me.
He who knows best knows how little he knows.
Here was buried Thomas Jefferson Author of the Declaration of American Independence Of the Statute of Virginia for religious freedom & Father of the University of Virginia.
Delay is preferable to error.
History, in general, only informs us of what bad government is.
None but an armed nation can dispense with a standing army. To keep ours armed and disciplined is therefore at all times important.
Merchants have no country. The mere spot they stand on does not constitute so strong an attachment as that from which they draw their gains.
Where the press is free and every man able to read, all is safe.
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it.
I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.
I cannot live without books.
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
Nothing is unchangeable but the inherent and unalienable rights of man.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.
I have done for my country, and for all mankind, all that I could do, and I now resign my soul, without fear, to my God - my daughter to my country.
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?
There is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talents.
Books constitute capital. A library book lasts as long as a house, for hundreds of years. It is not, then, an article of mere consumption but fairly of capital, and often in the case of professional men, setting out in life, it is their only capital.
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.
That government is the strongest of which every man feels himself a part.
It behooves every man who values liberty of conscience for himself, to resist invasions of it in the case of others: or their case may, by change of circumstances, become his own.
An association of men who will not quarrel with one another is a thing which has never yet existed, from the greatest confederacy of nations down to a town meeting or a vestry.
Taste cannot be controlled by law.
Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations; entangling alliances with none.
It is incumbent on every generation to pay its own debts as it goes. A principle which if acted on would save one-half the wars of the world.
Conquest is not in our principles. It is inconsistent with our government.
The moment a person forms a theory, his imagination sees in every object only the traits which favor that theory.
I am an Epicurean. I consider the genuine (not the imputed) doctrines of Epicurus as containing everything rational in moral philosophy which Greek and Roman leave to us.
Speeches that are measured by the hour will die with the hour.
Power is not alluring to pure minds.
The constitutions of most of our States assert that all power is inherent in the people; that... it is their right and duty to be at all times armed.
I never will, by any word or act, bow to the shrine of intolerance or admit a right of inquiry into the religious opinions of others.
Our country is now taking so steady a course as to show by what road it will pass to destruction, to wit: by consolidation of power first, and then corruption, its necessary consequence.
The earth belongs to the living, not to the dead.
Dependence begets subservience and venality, suffocates the germ of virtue, and prepares fit tools for the designs of ambition.
For a people who are free, and who mean to remain so, a well-organized and armed militia is their best security.
No occupation is so delightful to me as the culture of the earth, and no culture comparable to that of the garden.
When we get piled upon one another in large cities, as in Europe, we shall become as corrupt as Europe.
In every country and every age, the priest had been hostile to Liberty.
Errors of opinion may be tolerated where reason is left free to combat it.
Leave no authority existing not responsible to the people.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
How much pain they have cost us, the evils which have never happened.
War is an instrument entirely inefficient toward redressing wrong; and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses.
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way.
No man will ever carry out of the Presidency the reputation which carried him into it.
We are not to expect to be translated from despotism to liberty in a featherbed.
Politics is such a torment that I advise everyone I love not to mix with it.
If we can but prevent the government from wasting the labours of the people, under the pretence of taking care of them, they must become happy.
Only aim to do your duty, and mankind will give you credit where you fail.
It is always better to have no ideas than false ones; to believe nothing, than to believe what is wrong.
A coward is much more exposed to quarrels than a man of spirit.
The whole commerce between master and slave is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, the most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading submissions on the other. Our children see this, and learn to imitate it.
If the present Congress errs in too much talking, how can it be otherwise in a body to which the people send one hundred and fifty lawyers, whose trade it is to question everything, yield nothing, and talk by the hour?
Mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed.
Peace and abstinence from European interferences are our objects, and so will continue while the present order of things in America remain uninterrupted.
As our enemies have found we can reason like men, so now let us show them we can fight like men also.
No government ought to be without censors; and where the press is free no one ever will.
The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to gain ground.
The good opinion of mankind, like the lever of Archimedes, with the given fulcrum, moves the world.
Experience demands that man is the only animal which devours his own kind, for I can apply no milder term to the general prey of the rich on the poor.
Happiness is not being pained in body or troubled in mind.
The natural cause of the human mind is certainly from credulity to skepticism.
An injured friend is the bitterest of foes.
It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good.
I am mortified to be told that, in the United States of America, the sale of a book can become a subject of inquiry, and of criminal inquiry too.
Force is the vital principle and immediate parent of despotism.
No duty the Executive had to perform was so trying as to put the right man in the right place.
I do not take a single newspaper, nor read one a month, and I feel myself infinitely the happier for it.
There is not a truth existing which I fear... or would wish unknown to the whole world.
It is more dangerous that even a guilty person should be punished without the forms of law than that he should escape.
I think with the Romans, that the general of today should be a soldier tomorrow if necessary.
If there is one principle more deeply rooted in the mind of every American, it is that we should have nothing to do with conquest.
I find that he is happiest of whom the world says least, good or bad.
The republican is the only form of government which is not eternally at open or secret war with the rights of mankind.
Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
Resort is had to ridicule only when reason is against us.
Truth is certainly a branch of morality and a very important one to society.
It is in our lives and not our words that our religion must be read.
Enlighten the people generally, and tyranny and oppressions of body and mind will vanish like evil spirits at the dawn of day.
I have no ambition to govern men; it is a painful and thankless office.
We never repent of having eaten too little.
Be polite to all, but intimate with few.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
Wisdom I know is social. She seeks her fellows. But Beauty is jealous, and illy bears the presence of a rival.
To penetrate and dissipate these clouds of darkness, the general mind must be strengthened by education.
Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.
I know of no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them but to inform their discretion.
An enemy generally says and believes what he wishes.
The world is indebted for all triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression.
It is our duty still to endeavor to avoid war; but if it shall actually take place, no matter by whom brought on, we must defend ourselves. If our house be on fire, without inquiring whether it was fired from within or without, we must try to extinguish it.
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
If God is just, I tremble for my country.
Every citizen should be a soldier. This was the case with the Greeks and Romans, and must be that of every free state.
I own that I am not a friend to a very energetic government. It is always oppressive.
I abhor war and view it as the greatest scourge of mankind.
In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.
Ignorance is preferable to error, and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing than he who believes what is wrong.
We did not raise armies for glory or for conquest.
I have seen enough of one war never to wish to see another.
Difference of opinion is advantageous in religion. The several sects perform the office of a Censor - over each other.
My theory has always been, that if we are to dream, the flatteries of hope are as cheap, and pleasanter, than the gloom of despair.
The second office in the government is honorable and easy; the first is but a splendid misery.
Bodily decay is gloomy in prospect, but of all human contemplations the most abhorrent is body without mind.
My only fear is that I may live too long. This would be a subject of dread to me.
The Creator has not thought proper to mark those in the forehead who are of stuff to make good generals. We are first, therefore, to seek them blindfold, and then let them learn the trade at the expense of great losses.
We may consider each generation as a distinct nation, with a right, by the will of its majority, to bind themselves, but none to bind the succeeding generation, more than the inhabitants of another country.
So confident am I in the intentions, as well as wisdom, of the government, that I shall always be satisfied that what is not done, either cannot, or ought not to be done.
The most successful war seldom pays for its losses.
The spirit of this country is totally adverse to a large military force.
The way to silence religious disputes is to take no notice of them.
I have no fear that the result of our experiment will be that men may be trusted to govern themselves without a master.
One loves to possess arms, though they hope never to have occasion for them.
In defense of our persons and properties under actual violation, we took up arms. When that violence shall be removed, when hostilities shall cease on the part of the aggressors, hostilities shall cease on our part also.
