Japanese,Designer
The obvious objective of video games is to entertain people by surprising them with new experiences.
Video games are bad for you? That's what they said about rock-n-roll.
I think that inside every adult is the heart of a child. We just gradually convince ourselves that we have to act more like adults.
A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad.
When I'm making video games today, I want people to be entertained. I am always thinking, How are people going to enjoy playing the games we are making today? And as long as I can enjoy something other people can enjoy it, too.
I'd like to be known as the person who saw things from a different point of view to others.
Our job as the game creators or developers - the programmers, artists, and whatnot - is that we have to kind of put ourselves in the user's shoes. We try to see what they're seeing, and then make it, and support what we think they might think.
Nintendo's philosophy is never to go the easy path; it's always to challenge ourselves and try to do something new.
I don't want to criticize any other designers, but I have to say that many of the people involved in this industry - directors and producers - are trying to make their games more like movies. They are longing to make movies rather than making videogames.
Players are artists who create their own reality within the game.
I think I can make an entirely new game experience, and if I can't do it, some other game designer will.
I wanted to make something very unique, something very different.
I think what's really the most ideal thing is for the player themselves, within their own imagination, to carve out what they view as being the essence of the character.
Providing new means of entertainment is the important thing.
Game music has a purpose and it does incorporate sound effects.
I try not so much to create new characters and worlds but to create new game-play experiences.
Games have grown and developed from this limited in-the-box experience to something that's everywhere now. Interactive content is all around us, networked, ready. This is something I've been hoping for throughout my career.
Well, for over a year now at my desk, a prototype program of Luigi and Mario has been running on my monitor. We've been thinking about the game, and it may be something that could work on a completely new game system.
This is the entertainment industry, so game designers have to have a creative mind and also have to be able to stand up against the marketing people at their company - otherwise they cannot be creative. There are not that many people who fit that description.
I think everyone can enjoy games.
I enjoy thinking about ways to create something that other people have not even thought about, something no one has managed to achieve.
To create a new standard, you have to be up for that challenge and really enjoy it.
I made some games, but I'm pretending like I didn't because they all turned out weird.
People often say that videogames made by Western developers are somehow different in terms of taste for the players, in comparison with Japanese games. I think that means that the Western developers and Japanese developers, they are good at different fields.
I'm not saying that I'm going to retire from game development altogether.
There are some ghost stories in Japan where - when you are sitting in the bathroom in the traditional style of the Japanese toilet - a hand is actually starting to grab you from beneath. It's a very scary story.
There's definitely space for uniqueness in a home console.
Nowadays I think it's really important that designers are really unique and individual.
