Japanese,Artist
I think I will be able to, in the end, rise above the clouds and climb the stairs to Heaven, and I will look down on my beautiful life.
Forget yourself. Become one with eternity. Become part of your environment.
With just one polka dot, nothing can be achieved. In the universe, there is the sun, the moon, the earth, and hundreds of millions of stars. All of us live in the unfathomable mystery and infinitude of the universe. Pursuing 'philosophy of the universe' through art under such circumstances has led me to what I call 'stereotypical repetition.'
Polka dots can't stay alone. When we obliterate nature and our bodies with polka dots, we become part of the unity of our environments.
I wanted to start a revolution, using art to build the sort of society I myself envisioned.
More and more, I think about the role of the arts, and as an artist, I think that it's important that I share the love and peace.
I have a flood of ideas in my mind. I just follow my vision.
I never have a plan of what I am going to draw.
While producing art works, illusions appear from time to time due to my mental illness. Every day is a struggle for me.
Since my childhood, I have always made works with polka dots. Earth, moon, sun and human beings all represent dots; a single particle among billions.
I believe that eyes are very important motifs. That's something that can discern the peace and love.
Polka dots are fabulous.
My art originates from hallucinations only I can see. I translate the hallucinations and obsessional images that plague me into sculptures and paintings.
If there's a cat, I obliterate it by putting polka dot stickers on it. I obliterate a horse by putting polka dot stickers on it. And I obliterated myself by putting the same polka dot stickers on myself.
My mother was against me being an artist. She just wanted me to marry a rich man.
I want to become more famous, even more famous.
I have been taking every step toward the future every day through making many paintings and sculptures with my deep emotion hidden in my life.
When I was a child, I used to paint intently. The older I become, and the closer death approaches, the brighter my life gets day by day.
You should create a work that is so valuable it might eventually sell at a high price, but you've got to concentrate on how you create that artwork.
I want to create a thousand paintings, maybe two thousand paintings, as many as I can draw.
I, Kusama, am the modern Alice in Wonderland.
I love painting so much that nothing else matters.
It doesn't matter at all for me that I work in hospital or anywhere with limited space. Every day, I'm creating new works with all my might.
Certainly, I devote my energy to both telling my personal life story and seeking self- obliteration. However, I will not destroy myself through art.
New York is the place that made my and other artists' dreams come true by giving us a chance to realise our ideas and concepts. It was a great place for making a presentation of artistic creation.
In my home country, there was a little shop with old books, but it was really in the countryside. You couldn't find English books. I found this very avant-garde American art book that had information about Georgia O'Keeffe. I was very much impressed by her.
