Roman,Educator
A liar should have a good memory.
We must form our minds by reading deep rather than wide.
The mind is exercised by the variety and multiplicity of the subject matter, while the character is moulded by the contemplation of virtue and vice.
While we are making up our minds as to when we shall begin, the opportunity is lost.
Nothing is more dangerous to men than a sudden change of fortune.
Everything that has a beginning comes to an end.
It is worth while too to warn the teacher that undue severity in correcting faults is liable at times to discourage a boy's mind from effort.
We excuse our sloth under the pretext of difficulty.
While we are examining into everything we sometimes find truth where we least expected it.
Those who wish to appear wise among fools, among the wise seem foolish.
Whilst we deliberate how to begin a thing, it grows too late to begin it.
It is the nurse that the child first hears, and her words that he will first attempt to imitate.
In almost everything, experience is more valuable than precept.
It is fitting that a liar should be a man of good memory.
Consequently the student who is devoid of talent will derive no more profit from this work than barren soil from a treatise on agriculture.
That which prematurely arrives at perfection soon perishes.
He who speaks evil only differs from his who does evil in that he lacks opportunity.
Our minds are like our stomaches; they are whetted by the change of their food, and variety supplies both with fresh appetite.
When defeat is inevitable, it is wisest to yield.
It is much easier to try one's hand at many things than to concentrate one's powers on one thing.
A laugh, if purchased at the expense of propriety, costs too much.
The perfection of art is to conceal art.
Vain hopes are like certain dreams of those who wake.
It seldom happens that a premature shoot of genius ever arrives at maturity.
Where evil habits are once settled, they are more easily broken than mended.
Men, even when alone, lighten their labors by song, however rude it may be.
