Welsh,Actor
Shyness is invariably a suppression of something. It's almost a fear of what you're capable of.
You look at any culture, and prohibition has invariably been an unmitigated failure. It is just idiotic to criminalise any substance, I think.
I am an artisan. I only became an artist when people watch what I do. That is when it becomes art.
I've had the longest mid-life crisis ever.
I never thought I would be in a film.
If you had to find a period in history that would equate to what the Internet has presented us with now, it would be Elizabethan England. It was a world in flux.
The war on drugs is being lost on a daily basis.
Every time the Tories get a bit of power, they rip off all the things I love... The mining industry. Milk.
Acting is not an intellectual process for me. It comes from my heart. It's this strange netherworld of osmosis where I simply become.
I'm Welsh. We didn't do 'Peter Pan.' We have far more ancient legends to be put to sleep with.
A pub can be a magical place.
As an actor, our very palette is one of imagination. So it is a walk onto an empty space and then imagine the world beyond it is what we do.
Club DJs don't talk to the crowd.
I come from a culture where the pub is the centre of the community. The pub is the Internet. It's where information is gathered, collated and addressed.
My personal life is invented for me, so why bother?
Very often, actors have to face being rejected time and again, and we must remember that the red carpet lasts just a minute.
I think that all great art never strives to answer any questions; it just asks the appropriate ones at the appropriate time.
What was extraordinary about Occupy London was that it was a village with a louder voice than one of the biggest cities of the world.
Film and stage are very different; I don't necessarily prefer one over the other. Every few years, I get a big itch to go back to the theater. To learn humility, to learn bravery and to remind yourself that the pistons that drive your craft are working on full power. And to remind yourself how badly paid actors can be.
Villains are fun. I think the important thing in playing them is that they don't see themselves as villains. It lets you be a little more expansive.
I've done a lot of Shakespeare onstage, and I'm not convinced that the Earl of Oxford was the author of all those works, but I am convinced that the Stratfordian William Shakespeare was not. My feeling is that it was an amalgamation of many writers, in the same way that most films are a collaborative endeavor.
Welsh women aren't the most tactile unless they're your relatives. And then you don't want them to be.
I work hard and I party hard. When I go to work, I know what I am doing and I do it to the best of my abilities. When I party, I take exactly the same rule book with me.
If I'd been a rock star, I'd probably now be dead.
My work is my way of expressing myself without being arrested.
In Wales, singing and storytelling are party skills, not professions.
It's every boy's dream to play Captain Hook.
The older I get, I'm really reminded how important the arts are to our wellbeing as a society.
I'm a sporadic reader. I have moments when I can't stop... then I kind of forget that I can read. But then I go, 'Oh God, yeah, books!'
I'm a real magpie when it comes to music; it's all random, and there's no pattern to what I like.
For me, 'Come and See' is, by a million miles, the best film about war that has ever been made. I would highly recommend, encourage and enforce anyone to watch it.
Edward Curtis was a photographer in the late 19th century who tried to document the rapidly disappearing Native Americans. He assembled a canon of work which, today, is exemplary and invaluable.
I'm becoming more indulgent and less giving as an actor as I get older. I'm immersing myself more in roles emotionally.
I just don't take myself as seriously anymore. But as a result of that, I am taking myself more seriously. My ego has gone on holiday, and it can't get a flight back home.
When I was young, I was in a hurry to live. And now I'm just not in a hurry.
Every species has its pub.
Being on tour is a giggle.
If you've got a camera, go to a war zone and tell a story.
I think Liverpool generates generosity which rubs off - it's a good place to work and to party.
Spider-Man is a school boy that's looking for his parents.
I just don't buy the tabloids.
I go to work, and I work very hard. I'm loyal, generous, true, kind, fair - all those boxes are ticked. I'm going to Heaven.
When I'm not filming, I do rock n' roll; when I'm not doing rock n' roll, I do filming.
Each generation needs a 'Spider-Man' to mirror their angst.
In terms of partying and reckless abandon, I'm Don Juan. But, in terms of my heart, I'm the most loyal man you'll ever meet.
I do find real life a bit overwhelming sometimes. I'm totally chaotic.
I am essentially very shy. Which, I guess, is why I'm very good at not being shy.
More than any other super-hero, 'Spider-Man' presents us with something very local in its ethics. It's not messianic. It's far more tangible.
I consider projects very deeply, but there's always a point in your life where there's a bit of randomity.
I don't have a problem with green screen at all. I think children invented CGI. We invent worlds. A stick can become a sword. Or a bowl of stones can become a bowl of tomatoes. That's what children do, and that's what CGI enables us to do.
I honed my passion for acting in theatre and education, and I think it's important not to belittle the child audience.
The majority of comic book villains are pure evil, but Curt Connors is an exception. Curt Connors is a good man who initially wants to save the world, but he gets hungry and greedy and reckless, and he pays the price for that.
I'll move back to Wales if and when I have children. I want them to speak the language I speak, but I love living in London. It's my favourite city in the whole world. I love it because it's not England, it's London.
There aren't many odysseys in cinema for characters.
All punk rockers hate Christmas.
As a Welsh speaker, I'm very conscious of how activism can effect real change.
On a conventional film, you do one take, and if it's good, they say, 'Let's do another one for insurance.'
I play really bad punk rock guitar.
After you have been incarcerated for so long, whatever story is told in the aftermath is beautiful.
The whole film genre is one of deceit. It is the suspension of disbelief. That's what all theater and all film is based on.
There is no such thing as a criminal life. Life is life, and life is criminalized. No one ever, in the history of life, has chosen a criminal life. No one has ever said, 'I want to be a criminal.' No one ever has done that.
The strange thing is, if I was speaking to drama students about the thing that you should do if you're lucky enough to know or to meet the character that you're playing, I'd say, 'It's obvious: you quiz them diligently about their experience.'
You know you are in a good film when it affects the audience.
Film can become stagnant as a medium.
I think that Liverpool's particular modern history lends itself to the cinema better than London in many ways. When you go to Liverpool, you absorb that whole sound and humour.
