American,Composer
When the systems we expect to help us actually hurt us, we have tragedy.
The jarring change going from an urban environment to an extremely remote natural environment is extremely inspiring. It's constantly stimulating, it's like a slap in the face.
A carefree quality is a whole aspect of life that I will never understand. I don't think I have ever been carefree and can't see the pleasure of it.
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.
I prefer a life in which we don't take ourselves too seriously.
Hopefully each film can be given a musical voice of its own, which is not to say that the instrumentation is always unique, but that the relationship between the sound and the image is unique.
I don't find myself lobbying for projects. Filmmakers almost always come to me.
On Being John Malkovich and the cinema of the absurd, I do enjoy it. I wish there were more like it. The very fact that there can't be more like it is one of the reasons it's admirable.
Death is always around the corner, but often our society gives it inordinate help.
If not bliss, ignorance can at least be fun.
I like business and personal life to be distinct.
Los Angeles is an industry town, and it has great facilities and personnel. The disadvantage is that everyone there seems to talk about the same subject matter.
I like the fact that New York looks a bit backwards, toward the Old World, rather than resolutely forwards.
New Yorkers may think they're on some cutting edge, but that's not especially true. It is, however, the most exciting heterogeneous mess of a town I've ever seen.
John Barry was the first film composer I was aware of. As a teenager I owned several of his Bond soundtracks.
Carefully execute every instruction given to you by the director, producer, and studio. But that would be a life not worth living.
I would like to do a science fiction film some day. Star Wars seems really to have destroyed the genre, which at one time offered great musical opportunities.
Any film which views the darker side of life, which is death with a sense of humor, is very much to my taste.
I don't personally see my work as being dark. What interests me is a balance between light and dark.
Connection is what one is after in probably most media, but certainly in film, which is an immersive medium.
Music is the subliminal connecting adhesive in film, or at least in narrative feature films.
I write music to please myself. Hopefully the director's enjoying it too.
How does my music connect to an audience? That is just a complete mystery to me.
All my music is very simple in that melody is usually clearly stated.
I almost never try to make the audience comfortable. I wouldn't want that if I were in the audience.
I'm one of those people who is actually inspired by a deadline. I might not sleep for many days on end, it may not be good for my health, but it definitely helps.
