English,Psychologist
Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at things in a different way.
Creative thinking - in terms of idea creativity - is not a mystical talent. It is a skill that can be practised and nurtured.
Dealing with complexity is an inefficient and unnecessary waste of time, attention and mental energy. There is never any justification for things being complex when they could be simple.
An expert is someone who has succeeded in making decisions and judgements simpler through knowing what to pay attention to and what to ignore.
Studies have shown that 90% of error in thinking is due to error in perception. If you can change your perception, you can change your emotion and this can lead to new ideas.
Most of the mistakes in thinking are inadequacies of perception rather than mistakes of logic.
Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven.
In the future, instead of striving to be right at a high cost, it will be more appropriate to be flexible and plural at a lower cost. If you cannot accurately predict the future then you must flexibly be prepared to deal with various possible futures.
To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field.
Unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents and our expectations.
Opportunity ideas do not lie around waiting to be discovered. Such ideas need to be produced.
One very important aspect of motivation is the willingness to stop and to look at things that no one else has bothered to look at. This simple process of focusing on things that are normally taken for granted is a powerful source of creativity.
If you never change your mind, why have one?
Sometimes the situation is only a problem because it is looked at in a certain way. Looked at in another way, the right course of action may be so obvious that the problem no longer exists.
Creativity is a great motivator because it makes people interested in what they are doing. Creativity gives hope that there can be a worthwhile idea. Creativity gives the possibility of some sort of achievement to everyone. Creativity makes life more fun and more interesting.
If you wait for opportunities to occur, you will be one of the crowd.
Removing the faults in a stage-coach may produce a perfect stage-coach, but it is unlikely to produce the first motor car.
What the joke displays is a switch in perception. This is important in changing the way we think.
There's a danger in the internet and social media. The notion that information is enough, that more and more information is enough, that you don't have to think, you just have to get more information - gets very dangerous.
It has always surprised me how little attention philosophers have paid to humor, since it is a more significant process of mind than reason. Reason can only sort out perceptions, but the humor process is involved in changing them.
It's always amazed me how little attention philosophers, psychologists, or anyone else actually has paid to humor.
I do a great deal of work with young children, and if you give a child a problem, he may come up with a highly original solution, because he doesn't have the established route to it.
A painter may be looking at the world in a way which is very different from everyone else. If he's a craftsman, he can get other people to see the world through his eyes, and so he enlarges our vision, perception, and there's great value in that.
Argument is meant to reveal the truth, not to create it.
Logic will never change emotion or perception.
