British,Psychologist
All civilization has from time to time become a thin crust over a volcano of revolution.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
The sun, the moon and the stars would have disappeared long ago... had they happened to be within the reach of predatory human hands.
The Promised Land always lies on the other side of a Wilderness.
The family only represents one aspect, however important an aspect, of a human being's functions and activities. A life is beautiful and ideal or the reverse, only when we have taken into our consideration the social as well as the family relationship.
I always seem to have a vague feeling that he is a Satan among musicians, a fallen angel in the darkness who is perpetually seeking to fight his way back to happiness.
The mathematician has reached the highest rung on the ladder of human thought.
Pain and death are part of life. To reject them is to reject life itself.
When love is suppressed hate takes its place.
The place where optimism most flourishes is the lunatic asylum.
It is only the great men who are truly obscene. If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
There has never been any country at every moment so virtuous and so wise that it has not sometimes needed to be saved from itself.
Men who know themselves are no longer fools. They stand on the threshold of the door of Wisdom.
Man lives by imagination.
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.
A man must not swallow more beliefs than he can digest.
Sex lies at the root of life, and we can never learn to reverence life until we know how to understand sex.
Every man of genius sees the world at a different angle from his fellows, and there is his tragedy.
What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.
There is nothing that war has ever achieved that we could not better achieve without it.
The greatest task before civilization at present is to make machines what they ought to be, the slaves, instead of the masters of men.
Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive.
The romantic embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.
However well organized the foundations of life may be, life must always be full of risks.
The omnipresent process of sex, as it is woven into the whole texture of our man's or woman's body, is the pattern of all the process of our life.
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.
The husband - by primitive instinct partly, certainly by ancient tradition - regards himself as the active partner in matters of love and his own pleasure as legitimately the prime motive for activity.
The relation of the individual person to the species he belongs to is the most intimate of all relations.
Socialism also brings us up against the hard rock of eugenic fact which, if we neglect it, will dash our most beautiful social construction to fragments.
Still, whether we like it or not, the task of speeding up the decrease of the human population becomes increasingly urgent.
There is a very intimate connection between hypnotic phenomena and religion.
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
The sanitary and mechanical age we are now entering makes up for the mercy it grants to our sense of smell by the ferocity with which it assails our sense of hearing.
