Austrian,Psychologist
Time spent with cats is never wasted.
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection.
Flowers are restful to look at. They have neither emotions nor conflicts.
The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water.
Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.
The ego is not master in its own house.
The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind.
The conscious mind may be compared to a fountain playing in the sun and falling back into the great subterranean pool of subconscious from which it rises.
He that has eyes to see and ears to hear may convince himself that no mortal can keep a secret. If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips; betrayal oozes out of him at every pore.
If youth knew; if age could.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is 'What does a woman want?'
The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing.
I have found little that is 'good' about human beings on the whole. In my experience most of them are trash, no matter whether they publicly subscribe to this or that ethical doctrine or to none at all. That is something that you cannot say aloud, or perhaps even think.
Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility.
Civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock.
The goal of all life is death.
We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.
Children are completely egoistic; they feel their needs intensely and strive ruthlessly to satisfy them.
Neurosis is the inability to tolerate ambiguity.
Men are more moral than they think and far more immoral than they can imagine.
Illusions commend themselves to us because they save us pain and allow us to enjoy pleasure instead. We must therefore accept it without complaint when they sometimes collide with a bit of reality against which they are dashed to pieces.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Love and work... work and love, that's all there is.
If a man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.
Everywhere I go I find that a poet has been there before me.
What we call happiness in the strictest sense comes from the (preferably sudden) satisfaction of needs which have been dammed up to a high degree.
Every normal person, in fact, is only normal on the average. His ego approximates to that of the psychotic in some part or other and to a greater or lesser extent.
A certain degree of neurosis is of inestimable value as a drive, especially to a psychologist.
Just as no one can be forced into belief, so no one can be forced into unbelief.
The psychical, whatever its nature may be, is itself unconscious.
Sadism is all right in its place, but it should be directed to proper ends.
Incidentally, why was it that none of all the pious ever discovered psycho-analysis? Why did it have to wait for a completely godless Jew?
Like the physical, the psychical is not necessarily in reality what it appears to us to be.
One is very crazy when in love.
Analogies, it is true, decide nothing, but they can make one feel more at home.
Man has, as it were, become a kind of prosthetic God. When he puts on all his auxiliary organs, he is truly magnificent; but those organs have not grown on him and they still give him much trouble at times.
America is a mistake, a giant mistake.
Obviously one must hold oneself responsible for the evil impulses of one's dreams. In what other way can one deal with them? Unless the content of the dream rightly understood is inspired by alien spirits, it is part of my own being.
A belligerent state permits itself every such misdeed, every such act of violence, as would disgrace the individual.
Neurotics complain of their illness, but they make the most of it, and when it comes to talking it away from them they will defend it like a lioness her young.
A civilization which leaves so large a number of its participants unsatisfied and drives them into revolt neither has nor deserves the prospect of a lasting existence.
We believe that civilization has been created under the pressure of the exigencies of life at the cost of satisfaction of the instincts.
It is impossible to overlook the extent to which civilization is built upon a renunciation of instinct.
