English,Psychologist
Today, 'fat' has become not a description of size but a moral category tainted with criticism and contempt.
Boys, young men, men of all ages are being captivated by the new visual grammar which pushes men to pout and posture.
Fat is a way of saying no to powerlessness and self-denial.
I'd like to see much more understanding of emotional issues around hurt, abandonment, disappointment, longing, failure and shame, where they stem from and how they drive people and policies brought into public discourse.
Beauty has been democratised. No longer the preserve of movie stars and models but available to all. But while the invitation to beauty is welcomed, it has become not so much an option as an imperative.
If you continually diet, you are putting your body in a quasi-famine situation. It slows your metabolism down and breaks the thermostat. Diets don't work. They don't help you understand why you're eating more than your body wanted in the first place.
'Skinny' is only one body type.
Mothers unconsciously allow more latitude to sons, and open encouragement, and with daughters they treat them as they would treat themselves.
The analyst's psyche operates as a kind of... something to hold on to while somebody's going through therapy, if they're deconstructing their own psyche, if that's cracking up in some way, or dissolving.
There are so many young women who tip over into being a facsimile: they don't really inhabit their lives or their bodies.
There is no such thing as a neutral therapist.
In my mum's day, you needed to be beautiful for a very short time to catch your man. It didn't start at six and go on until you're 75, right?
I'm a therapist and that fascinates people because they think I carry secrets.
Celebrity culture is something that pains me.
I'm the sort of person who likes to undo everything.
I wish we could treat our bodies as the place we live from, rather than regard it as a place to be worked on, as though it were a disagreeable old kitchen in need of renovation and update.
In general, the Western body has become a global brand.
If I were afraid of wrinkles, I'd probably be hiding in a cupboard, because I have a lot of them.
Bodies are becoming our personal mission to tame, extend and perfect.
When I was growing up, one or two girls were beautiful, but it was not an aspiration, right?
I think what's most interesting about me is the work that I do.
I've always felt very sympathetic from the first days of writing about women that, whatever the woman, whether she is trying to be a woman in the conventional sense or breaking the boundaries, those struggles are quite difficult.
I think it is one of the capacities of human beings, to create style.
Fat people are so rarely included in visual culture that fat is perceived as a blot on the landscape of sleek and slim.
Our idea of a healthy body is so destabilised that insecure people have come to bolster their own bodies by deeming others - those with fat bodies - less worthy, less capable and less employable.
Consumer society tantalises us. We then try within ourselves to control the needs that are being constantly stimulated.
