American,Psychologist
We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.
It is almost impossible for anyone, even the most ineffective among us, to continue to choose misery after becoming aware that it is a choice.
Using no control and using humor will build a relationship and make a dent to where the client puts the counselor in their quality world and then begins to relate and seek out the counselor. Effective therapy begins with the acceptance of the therapist into the client's quality world.
What students lack in school is an intellectual relationship or conversation with the teacher.
Education is the process in which we discover that learning adds quality to our lives. Learning must be experienced.
What happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do with what we are today, but revisiting this painful past can contribute little or nothing to what we need to do now.
If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior.
We may be up against a stone wall, but we don't have to bloody our heads against it unless we choose to.
We can teach a lot of things, but if the teacher can't relate by talking to a group of friendly students, he'll never be a competent teacher.
This is at the heart of all good education, where the teacher asks students to think and engages them in encouraging dialogues, constantly checking for understanding and growth.
No human being will work hard at anything unless they believe that they are working for competence.
Good or bad, everything we do is our best choice at that moment.
When we depress, we believe we are the victims of a feeling over which we have no control.
We don't focus as much in schools on educational knowledge which requires thinking and application, as we do on acquiring facts.
Too many of us fail to fulfill our needs because we say no rather than yes, or perhaps later in life, yes when we should say no.
Everybody needs one essential friend.
I think education is both using and improving knowledge and that changes the whole picture.
We almost always have choices, and the better the choice, the more we will be in control of our lives.
There is plenty of competition in a Glasser Quality School in that there is winning but no losing.
Running a school where the students all succeed, even if some students have to help others to make the grade, is good preparation for democracy.
If you improve education by teaching for competence, eliminating schooling, and connecting with students, the test scores will improve.
Caring for but never trying to own may be a further way to define friendship.
The faster you go, the more students you leave behind. It doesn't matter how much or how fast you teach. The true measure is how much students have learned.
Without pay, no human being will work up to their ability if he or she is not cared for and respected.
They have this big book called the 'DSM-IV,' you know, that is supposedly written about crazy people, but I think it is a book that is written by crazy people!
You can acquire a lot of knowledge without ever going to school.
