Indian,Artist
Red, of course, is the colour of the interior of our bodies. In a way it's inside out, red.
I think I understand something about space. I think the job of a sculptor is spatial as much as it is to do with form.
What one does in the studio is to pose a series of problems to oneself. I've got to look for some deeper meaning, for some reason for this thing to be in the world. There's enough stuff in the world.
Sculpture occupies the same space as your body.
The work itself has a complete circle of meaning and counterpoint. And without your involvement as a viewer, there is no story.
The idea is that the object has a language unto itself.
We live in a fractured world. I've always seen it as my role as an artist to attempt to make wholeness.
I feel the symbolic world is the nub of a problem for an artist.
It's precisely in those moments when I don't know what to do, boredom drives one to try a host of possibilities to either get somewhere or not get anywhere.
The eye is a very quick instrument, much quicker than the ear. The eye gets it immediately.
There's something imminent in the work, but the circle is only completed by the viewer.
Re-investing in one's own little moments of insight is very important.
All ideas grow out of other ideas.
Work grows out of other work, and there are very few eureka moments.
I am Indian, and I'm proud of it. Indian life is mythologically rich and powerful.
Artists don't make objects. Artists make mythologies.
I've nothing to say.
One doesn't make art for other people, even though I am very concerned with the viewer.
Red is a colour I've felt very strongly about. Maybe red is a very Indian colour, maybe it's one of those things that I grew up with and recognise at some other level.
That freedom that Picasso afforded himself, to be an artist in a huge number of ways, seems to be a huge psychological liberation.
A work will only have deep resonance if the kind of darkness I can generate is something that is resident in me already.
Being an artist is a very long game. It is not a 10-year game. I hope I'll be around making art when I'm 80.
Content arises out of certain considerations about form, material, context-and that when that subject matter is sufficiently far away.
I feel there's everything to do yet.
I used to empty the studio out and throw stuff away. I now don't. There will be a whole series of dead ends that a year or two down the line I'll come back to.
I'm not an artist who has an agenda that's set by the work.
