American,Artist
I wanted to learn how to paint rather than just doing black-and-white work.
You're telling the story, creating the sets, doing the lighting, the designing, and establishing the pace.
To me, the technique was almost irrelevant; it was what was coming across.
To me, that's one of the things that I love about doing this stuff. One day I can work on this piece in watercolor, and then work on something else on the computer, or work on something else that's a completely different approach.
There is a whole generation of people who are going to see movies or watch TV who don't want to work.
That was a real learning element for me, because I realized that the more true you are to yourself, the more you will lose people.
So, when the special effects are at the service of the story and draw you into it, that is really the magic.
So there's kind of a simultaneous aspect to pushing the boundaries, and being very safe.
So much of 'Jaws' was amazing because the mind filled in what was missing.
So I look at a lot of stuff now that I did and some of it looks tame to me, but my interest in terms of what I want to say with it is a little different.
So cartooning, for me, is an honorable thing. It's pushing the envelope. It's the truth of something through exaggeration.
People who can pull you in and take you on a journey, as opposed to simply adding flash. Again, that feels very clinical, and I don't respond to that the way I used to.
One of the problems I have with a lot of movies these days is that everything is too well lit. In the world of digital creations there is a tendency to show too much.
Nothing is really media driven or committee driven, so you can actually just produce something.
Like Godfather, you look at a movie like that, or something that James Gray has directed, a film with minimal or pin lighting as opposed to everything being lit bright and flat, where everything is evident.
Kyle Baker's work is really funny, but it's also got a very clear vision.
It's interesting, because in the corporate stuff there's a dichotomy there, depending on the creator. Even what, in essence, may be a very safe corporate approach, there is some stuff that is allowed to be pushed.
If you're going to establish a certain level of unreality than you have to deal with it.
If somebody can inspire me, it feels really special.
I was lucky enough to be given books that weren't top sellers; books that were kind of under the radar.
I wanted to be complete, because I figured that, visually, there was an avenue to explore with painted stuff.
I want to say 90% of stuff out there is just crap that got made. The main point is that it got produced.
I still love a lot of the guys who just paint.
I didn't want to feel constrained, so I took on the Mutants.
For a while I felt very alone; sort of out there in the world of comics, especially here in the States.
Especially with Elektra, because I'm doing a lot of the covers for the new version of Elektra.
