American,Artist
Batman has been acknowledged as a legend in my lifetime.
The trouble with being a ghostwriter or artist is that you must remain rather anonymously without credit. If one wants the credit, one has to cease being a ghost and become a leader or innovator.
It is difficult to separate, at times, the myth from the truth.
When I first drew him I had eyes in there and it didn't look right.
What I read is so distorted that I cannot believe that the person they are talking about is myself.
This sounds like my autobiography, but I thought this would be a good time to sound off about myself, as I think that I have been silent too long about my views and opinions.
The New Look of Batman is more illustrative and realistic.
Much is written about the Batman because he is publicly exposed in print. Very little is known personally about his creator, because I haven't given out that many interviews.
It's been 25 years now, and truthfully, time sometimes blurs the memory.
It took them a while to catch on that Batman would be the greatest.
In the Golden Age of Batman, I penciled, inked, and lettered my strip by myself.
If you ever want to get the facts straight about me or the Batman, please write to the original source, myself, for the truth, instead of second guessing.
If Bill Finger created Batman, where is Bill Finger's byline on my strip? It is conspicuous by its absence.
I was involved with the Batman. There are two sides to every story. Now you've heard my side.
I intend to explode the myths about myself and get down to the real truth about the legend that is Batman.
I didn't have the time to literally write and draw the strip at the same time.
I created Batman about 10 years before Ian Fleming created James Bond.
I am planning a one-man art show of original Batman oil paintings that I will show in New York City.
I am also a writer. That is a fact not known by the public in general.
How can an article about me or the Batman be the true story when I am not consulted or interviewed?
Although Bill Finger literally typed the scripts in the early days, he wrote the scripts from ideas that we mutually collaborated on. Many of the unique concepts and story twists also came from my own fertile imagination.
