American,Artist
You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward.
Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language.
Contrast is what makes photography interesting.
Every cinematographer I worked with had his own way of solving problems.
But at heart, I am more than a cinematographer.
I saw Tequila Sunrise as a romantic picture with complex, bigger than life characters.
There are infinite shadings of light and shadows and colors... it's an extraordinarily subtle language. Figuring out how to speak that language is a lifetime job.
I can still recall the thrill of shooting my first film.
I hope I'm still shooting when I'm 80.
It took a while for me to grasp that my colleagues believe I have made an impact on the history of cinema.
Billions of people have seen and been influenced by movies in the short history of this industry.
My first semester, I got a D in creative writing.
I knew exactly how I wanted it to play, but you are never sure until you watch the projected images reflect off the screen. That's when you know it worked.
I was very happy sitting alone at a dining room table, writing a script.
It is also difficult to articulate the subtleties in cinema, because there aren't words or metaphors which describe many of the emotions you are attempting to evoke.
Painting and writing are solitary arts.
You have to understand the nature of light.
It's important to know that if you are dealing with shadows.
Manipulating shadows and tonality is like writing music or a poem.
The audience has to understand that if the film is going to have any meaning for them. If they are going to empathize with the characters, they have to visualize the process of concentration involved in making every move.
That's why I like fast film. It gives you more freedom to light more naturally.
There are a lot of directors who are knowledgeable about images, and others who aren't.
I realize that every picture isn't a work of art.
In aptitude tests, I scored highest in music.
