American,Artist
If you could say it in words there would be no reason to paint.
No amount of skillful invention can replace the essential element of imagination.
What I wanted to do was to paint sunlight on the side of a house.
The only real influence I've ever had was myself.
Great art is the outward expression of an inner life in the artist, and this inner life will result in his personal vision of the world.
More of me comes out when I improvise.
Painting will have to deal more fully and less obliquely with life and nature's phenomena before it can again become great.
There will be, I think, an attempt to grasp again the surprise and accidents of nature and a more intimate and sympathetic study of its moods, together with a renewed wonder and humility on the part of such as are still capable of these basic reactions.
Well, I have a very simple method of painting.
Well, I've always been interested in approaching a big city in a train, and I can't exactly describe the sensations, but they're entirely human and perhaps have nothing to do with aesthetics.
My aim in painting has always been the most exact transcription possible of my most intimate impression of nature.
In general it can be said that a nation's art is greatest when it most reflects the character of its people.
There is a sort of elation about sunlight on the upper part of a house.
Maybe I am not very human - what I wanted to do was to paint sunlight on the side of a house.
I use a retouching varnish which is made in France, Libert, and that's all the varnish I use.
After all, we are not French and never can be, and any attempt to be so is to deny our inheritance and to try to impose upon ourselves a character that can be nothing but a veneer upon the surface.
I trust Winsor and Newton and I paint directly upon it.
If the picture needs varnishing later, I allow a restorer to do that, if there's any restoring necessary.
The question of the value of nationality in art is perhaps unsolvable.
I find in working always the disturbing intrusion of elements not a part of my most interested vision, and the inevitable obliteration and replacement of this vision by the work itself as it proceeds.
If I had the energy, I would have done it all over the county.
I believe that the great painters with their intellect as master have attempted to force this unwilling medium of paint and canvas into a record of their emotions.
I find linseed oil and white lead the most satisfactory mediums.
I have tried to present my sensations in what is the most congenial and impressive form possible to me.
I think that zinc white has a property of scaling and cracking.
If the technical innovations of the Impressionists led merely to a more accurate representation of nature, it was perhaps of not much value in enlarging their powers of expression.
