American,Artist
When I see a white piece of paper, I feel I've got to draw. And drawing, for me, is the beginning of everything.
I did not want windows, only skylights. I chose my painting wall as it has the best morning light.
All my paintings are usually done in drawing form, very small. I make notations in drawings first, and then I make a collage for color. But drawing is always my notation.
I don't labor over my drawings. I want to get freedom in the line.
My drawings have to be quick. If they don't happen in 20 minutes or a half hour, then they're no good.
Geometry is moribund. I want a lilt and joy to art.
I learned my color in Europe. I've always been a colorist, I think. I started when I was very young, being a bird-watcher, fascinated by the bird colors.
In Paris in the late '40s, I started making my first reliefs. They are separate panels. I wanted to do something coming out of the wall, almost like a collage. I did a lot of white reliefs when I started because I liked antique reliefs, really old stuff.
All my work comes from perceiving. I kept seeing things that were brooding in me. I'm not a geometric artist.
I started doing sculpture in 1959. I had no commissions then. They were painted, similar in style to the paintings... At a certain point, I decided I didn't want an edge between two colors, I wanted color differences in literal space.
I always felt that a painted edge between two colors was a depiction somehow.
The paintings to me are always canvas; sculpture has always been metal, though I have made sculpture in wood, also.
I have a sort of inner sense for scale.
One of the first drawings I did in Paris - I wasn't thinking of doing drawings, but somehow or other, I kept drawing - I bought a hyacinth flower with a lot of leaves, just to make me feel like spring.
My earliest drawing is a supposed Carracci. It wasn't very expensive, I guess, because they don't know if it's a real Carracci. But it has all these seals on it of people who've owned it, and one of the great portrait painters of England, Reynolds, had owned it, so that's the earliest.
I only like artists older than myself. Time is so important. It's always been the same way, I guess.
I don't like mixed colors that much, like plum color or deep, deep colors that are hard to define.
I've always wanted... I wanted to give people joy.
I just feel like I can live on. I hope I can reach 100. I think today if you just keep doing, keep working, that - maybe that's possible.
I like to be able to get swift curves in the plant drawings that are usually drawn in five to ten minutes.
All my work begins with drawings.
In Boston, I developed my eye from the drawing. In Paris, I was fascinated by what my eye saw in the way that Paris is built, its 'measure.'
My ideas come, wh-pheww. And I draw. Just recently, when I'm searching for ideas for paintings and sculptures, I wait for ideas, and it's always visual.
My ideas I can find anywhere. And I draw because I have to note down my ideas or flashes - I call them flashes, because they come to me, like that. Not so much in the plant drawings. I have to see them.
Shading is more like copying. And certainly I do copy, but I'm making drawings, and I'm not trying to make them with the shading.
I have trained my eye over and over ever since I was a kid. I was a bird watcher when I was a little boy. My grandmother gave me a bird book, and I got to like their colors.
