American,Artist
I don't do anecdotes. I accumulate experiences.
Scientists say, 'There is no such thing as time; gravity is a dust from another universe, and outside our own universe are many, many universes in all directions.' They speculate that attached to these universes are probably 6,000 planets identical to Earth. So are there things living out there? Animals, people, anything?
I am not in yesterday; I am not in tomorrow. I am right now.
I went to the University of Minnesota, and I met this amazing artist named Cameron Boothe there who was in World War I, who studied with Hans Hoffman in Munich.
I hate getting old, but I'm sticking with it!
I think of my actions every day: what seems to be important and what isn't.
I'm the one who gave steroids to Pop art.
As a person gets older, time gets more interesting. As a kid, you waste so much of it.
Popular culture isn't a freeze-frame; it is images zapping by in rapid-fire succession, which is why collage is such an effective way of representing contemporary life. The blur between images creates a kind of motion in the mind.
Many young artists, they look at the art world and think they can make a lot of money.
The only thing the Pop Artists had in common is that we all had been commercial artists in some manner. Lichtenstein was a draftsman; I was a billboard painter, but we didn't work together. I didn't meet Andy Warhol until 1964.
There was one reviewer from the 'New York Times,' I forget his name, who said I was 'death warmed over.' I wrote him back that I knew more about death than he did. The 'Times' fired him, put him in the cooking department!
If a person is insane or troubled, you first have to get the person to admit that they have a problem before you can solve anything.
Believe it or not, there were very few books on art, years ago.
I was on a panel with Marshall McLuhan in Canada. Someone says, 'Mr. McLuhan, I read your book, and I disagree with you.' And he says, 'Oh, you read my book? Then you only know half the story.'
The very, very beginning is that my mother and father were aviators.
I learned a lot of painting tricks painting outside.
When I started out, I wanted to paint the Sistine Chapel. But I didn't have the content.
I hitchhiked to Miami in 1953, and there were oranges laying on the road, black shantytowns, and marinas with nice boats. The museums were virtually empty.
The best thing about being an artist is the free clothing and getting to kiss pretty girls.
I painted the Astor-Victoria sign seven times, and it's 395 feet wide and 58 feet high. I dropped a gallon of purple paint on Seventh Avenue and 47th Street from 15 stories up and didn't kill anybody. I dropped a brush at Columbus Circle. It fell on a guy's camel-hair coat.
People can remember their childhood, but events from four or five years ago are in a never-never land.
Certainly I have made comments on American society with the various pictures and have done about nine antiwar paintings. But I did them because I was incorporating my feelings into my work.
Warhol was questioning the capitalist society.
I used to know Madison Avenue advertisers. I didn't like 'em. Bunch of jerks.
I started billboard painting in Minneapolis, and I went to General Outdoor Advertising, and I said, 'I could do that.' They said, 'Oh yeah... we can always use a good man around here.'
