American,Artist
I sell blue sky and coloured air.
In a way, light unites the spiritual world and the ephemeral, physical world. People frequently talk about spiritual experiences using the vocabulary of light: Saul on the road to Damascus, near-death experiences, samadhi or the light-filled void of Buddhist enlightenment.
You can't stop demographics. And show me a fence that ever worked. It didn't work at Hadrian's Wall. The Great Wall of China didn't work. The Berlin Wall.
In age of consumerism and materialism, I traffic in blue sky and colored air.
We're made for the light of a cave and for twilight. Twilight is the time we see best. When we dim the light down, and the pupil opens, feeling comes out of the eye like touch. Then you really can feel colour, and experience it.
I live in the sky as a pilot, so it has great meaning to me.
I like to use light as a material, but my medium is actually perception. I want you to sense yourself sensing - to see yourself seeing.
I've always been interested in arrival, and coming to a space, and even to looking back at where you were.
If you take blue paint and yellow paint and you mix them, you get green paint. But if you take blue light and yellow light and mix them, you get white light. This is a shock to most people.
We think we receive all that we perceive, but in fact, we actually give the sky its colour.
Light itself is a revelation.
There's traditionally been a large disconnection in contemporary art between the audience and the artist. Generally, audiences are looking towards what they like, and I can tell you, that's the last thing on an artist's mind.
There's truth in light. You can tell what elements a star is composed of and the temperature at which it burns by the light it gives off.
One way to understand light in the ocean of air is by flying it. Life in the air is an extension of perceiving.
I am involved in the architecture of space.
It is only when light is reduced that the pupil opens and feeling goes out of the eyes like touch.
Art does, to some extent, follow economics.
This wonderful elixir of light is the thing that actually connects the immaterial with the material - that connects the cosmic to the plain everyday existence that we try to live in.
I don't know if I believe in art. I certainly believe in light.
I don't worry about whether anyone knows anything about art.
I used to think that only people who were crazy were attracted to the desert, but once you've lived there, you become that way anyway.
We have spent billions to go to the moon - we go to this lesser satellite called the moon and say we are in space, but we are in space right now; we just don't feel ourselves to be in space. Some forms of art and some forms of spirituality do give us that sense.
I am interested in relating the things we see with the things we see with our eyes closed.
I hope that when you see my work, you are looking at yourself looking.
Color is just in a small area of our vision, and the rest we add with the mind.
There is an idea, first of all, of vision fully formed with the eyes closed. Of course the vision we have in a lucid dream often has greater lucidity and clarity than vision with the eyes open.
Generally, we use light to illuminate other things. I like the thingness, the materiality of light itself. So it feels like it's occupying the space, making a plane, being something that was there, not just passing through. Because light is just passing through. I make these spaces that seem to arrest it for our perception.
I would describe Los Angeles as actually not having taste. In New York, there's taste. But you have to remember that taste is censorship. It's a form of restriction.
I wanted to deal with light directly rather than with paint.
Planets' orbits are elliptical. It's a very pleasing shape.
At my first exhibits, people were saying that's just a light on the wall.
I haven't been that great at attending my own openings. Still, I'm learning to enjoy this a lot more than I used to.
I don't think my work is about the spiritual life, but it certainly touches on it.
I feel that buildings often have a workaday aspect that you see during the daylight hours, and a more resplendent side that emerges after dark.
I feel that I want to use light as this wonderful and magic elixir that we drink as Vitamin D through the skin - and I mean, we are literally light-eaters - to then affect the way that we see.
We live within this reality we create, and we're quite unaware of how we create the reality.
I look at light as a material. It is physical. It is photons. Yes, it exhibits wave behavior, but it is a thing.
I've always thought of Las Vegas as Los Angeles on its day off. There's not any hierarchy of taste, and that's what L.A. always was to me: It's not really a town of culture - it's a town of entertainment.
The people in L.A. do orient themselves to light. I used to call it 'Tan Fascist Culture.' Everyone there is tanned, wears dark sunglasses, looks like a movie star even when they're not.
Usually we are illuminating things instead of looking at the light itself. But I like this quality of the light being the revelation.
It's difficult for people to visualize from my drawings what it's going to be, so I often find myself talking them into things that they go along with, and when they see what's been made, they are surprised.
My aunt was Frances Hodges, who in the Fifties was the editor of 'Seventeen' and later one of the creators of 'Mademoiselle.' She was my Auntie Mame; she loved culture. She was a Quaker, but she became a milliner against all Quaker logic - they feel that fashion and art are vanities - because she loved fashion.
I have made things for Calvin Klein and other designers, and it's interesting to see the way each person approaches it.
I'm interested in light. It's a very direct, pragmatic, American, rather naive approach.
There was a time when I restored antique planes to support my art habit.
There are different stages when you fly. The first stage is the dollhouse effect, seeing everything on Earth like it's a model. Suddenly, all of your concerns seem very small.
I was waiting for L.A. to always become something important. I gave up... I left in 1974.
New York has changed amazingly; it's gentrified everywhere, and it's a much gentler place.
It's really terrific to see Pittsburgh recognize the Mattress Factory.
All art is contemporary art because it had to be made when it was now.
I always thought that people who live in the desert are a little crazy. It could be that the desert attracts that kind of person, or that after living there, you become that. It doesn't make much difference. But now I've done my 40 years in the desert.
There aren't many artists who can feel sorry for me.
To some degree, to control light, I have to have a way to form it, so I use form almost like the stretcher bar of a canvas.
I've always wanted to make a light that looks like the light you see in your dream.
I don't want you looking at the light fixture; I want you looking at where light goes. But more than that, I'm interested in the effect of light upon you and your perceptions.
Art history is littered with work that involves light.
In Arizona, we're at 7,000 feet, so we're above half of the world's atmosphere. It's crisp but hard, a side-raking light that can be revealing but doesn't have the softness that maritime air has.
We use the vocabulary of light to describe a spiritual experience.
I started out with projected-light works and working indoors, but I'd prepare the walls - by sanding, etcetera - the way you'd prepare a canvas for painting.
I am interested in the physicality of light itself.
The cardones cactus is very similar to saguaro cactus in Arizona. These cacti only grow in very specific, particular places.
If you just add all the time, add more and more light, it loses its meaning.
There are very few religious experiences that aren't explained using the vocabulary of light.
The lunar cycle within the solar season: that kind of syncopated rhythm is what life relates to.
If you think about art, if you look at Rembrandt and Vermeer and Caravaggio, if you look at Turner and Constable and all the Impressionists and the Hudson River School, there's a tradition of light in art, especially painting.
From the very beginning, I was very interested just in light, and art seemed to be a way to work with it.
My desire is to bring astronomical events and objects down into your personal, lived-in space.
In many cases, if we knew what it would take, we might have thought twice about it, so it's often wonderful that we don't have hindsight.
It's possible to gather light that's older than our solar system.
Las Vegas is about distraction.
Light knows when you're looking at it.
We're part of creating this world in which we live, but we're unaware of how we do that or even that we do that.
I want people to treasure light.
