American,Artist
When something is new to us, we treat it as an experience. We feel that our senses are awake and clear. We are alive.
To do a drawing for a painting most often means doing something very sketchy and schematic and then later making it polished.
Everyone is of course free to interpret the work in his own way. I think seeing a picture is one thing and interpreting it is another.
Do something, do something to that, and then do something to that.
As one gets older one sees many more paths that could be taken. Artists sense within their own work that kind of swelling of possibilities, which may seem a freedom or a confusion.
To be an artist you have to give up everything, including the desire to be a good artist.
My experience of life is that it's very fragmented; certain kinds of things happen, and in another place, a different kind of thing occurs. I would like my work to have some vivid indication of those differences.
I am not strong on perfection.
I think a painting should include more experience than simply intended statement.
I decided that if my work contained what I could identify as a likeness to other work, I would remove it.'
I have no ideas about what the paintings imply about the world. I don't think that's a painter's business. He just paints paintings without a conscious reason.
Sometime during the mid-50s I said, 'I am an artist.' Before that, for many years, I had said, 'I'm going to be an artist.' Then I went through a change of mind and a change of heart. What made 'going to be an artist' into 'being an artist', was, in part, a spiritual change.
One likes to think that one anticipates changes in the spaces we inhabit, and our ideas about space.
One works without thinking how to work.
There was very little art in my childhood. I was raised in South Carolina; I wasn't aware of any art in South Carolina. There was a minor museum in Charleston, which had nothing of interest in it. It showed local artists, paintings of birds.
I tend to like things that already exist.
I don't know how to organise thoughts. I don't know how to have thoughts.
I am just trying to find a way to make pictures.
I never wish for critics.
I often find that having an idea in my head prevents me from doing something else. Working is therefore a way of getting rid of an idea.
In the place where I was a child, there were no artists and there was no art, so I really didn't know what that meant. I think I thought it meant that I would be in a situation different than the one that I was in.
Intention involves such a small fragment of our consciousness and of our mind and of our life.
Most of the power of painting comes through the manipulation of space... but I don't understand that.
Sometimes I see it and then paint it. Other times I paint it and then see it. Both are impure situations, and I prefer neither.
The thing is, if you believe in the unconscious - and I do - there's room for all kinds of possibilities that I don't know how you prove one way or another.
Whatever I do seems artificial and false, to me.
