American,Artist
I'm not a real person. I'm a legend.
I don't listen to what art critics say. I don't know anybody who needs a critic to find out what art is.
I am not a black artist, I am an artist.
The black person is the protagonist in most of my paintings. I realized that I didn't see many paintings with black people in them.
The more I paint the more I like everything.
I was a cute kid.
I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.
I start a picture and I finish it.
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
Some days I can't get an idea, and I think, 'Man, I'm just washed up,' but it's just a mood.
I had some money, I made the best paintings ever. I was completely reclusive, worked a lot, took a lot of drugs. I was awful to people.
Charles Saatchi has never liked my work at all.
Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.
I wanted to build up a name for myself.
The country makes me more paranoid, you know? I think the crazy people out there are little crazier.
I like kids' work more than work by real artists any day.
Medicine men live in caves.
I have done only two portraits: one of the artist Francesco Clemente and another of Andy Warhol.
I was a really lousy artist as a kid. Too abstract expressionist; or I'd draw a big ram's head, really messy. I'd never win painting contests. I remember losing to a guy who did a perfect Spiderman.
Occasionally, when I get mad at a woman, I'll do some great, awful painting about her.
My basic influence had probably been Peter Max.
My favorite Twombly is 'Apollo and the Artist,' with the big 'Apollo' written across it.
There are about 30 words around you all the time, like 'thread' or 'exit.'
For a while, I was drawing on good paper, but now I've gone back to the bad stuff. I put matte medium on it. If you put matte medium on it, it seals up, so it doesn't really matter.
I thought I was going to be a bum the rest of my life.
I have a painting where somebody's holding a chicken, and underneath the chicken is somebody's head.
