American,Artist
It's not about finding relevance or perfection or imperfection in objects, but it's that you can accept yourself and then go out and accept others.
Art's a very metaphysical activity. It's something that enriches the parameters of your life, the possibilities of being, and you touch transcendence and you change your life. And you want to change the life of others, too. That's why people are involved with art.
I've always enjoyed feeling a connection to the avant-garde, such as Dada and surrealism and pop art. The only thing the artist can do is be honest with themselves and make the art they want to make. That's what I've always done.
I love the gallery, the arena of representation. It's a commercial world, and morality is based generally around economics, and that's taking place in the art gallery.
I spend much more time looking at art history and at different references to art than I do at actual objects.
I try to be a truthful artist and I try to show a level of courage. I enjoy that. I'm a messenger.
I'm interested in power.
I like my drawings to be direct. I don't generally work on them for too long, but that doesn't mean that they are not works in their own right.
Once you trust in yourself, you automatically want to go outside of yourself.
If I try to articulate every little detail in a drawing, it would be like missing the forest for the trees, so it's just about getting the outline of the forest.
I realised that people respond to banal things. They don't accept their own history, not participating in acceptance within their own being.
Art to me is a humanitarian act and I believe that there is a responsibility that art should somehow be able to effect mankind, to make the word a better place.
Art has this ability to allow you to connect back through history in the same way that biology does. I'm always looking for source material.
I believe that my art gets across the point that I'm in this morality theater trying to help the underdog, and I'm speaking socially here, showing concern and making psychological and philosophical statements for the underdog.
Art was something I could do better. It gave me a sense of self.
I'm in deep in everything, every moment of the day. I create the systems and oversee every aspect of the execution. Every mark on a sculpture and every brush-stroke on a painting is in a controlled situation, exactly as they'd be if I'd have done them myself.
Feelings are at the basis of all ideas. First you have feelings, and then, through those sensations, it develops into ideas.
Whenever you finish an artwork and the viewer comes and views it, at that moment you've given up control.
I like to look at everything and appreciate seeing the different things that have meaning to people.
I think about my work every minute of the day.
I believe in advertisement and media completely. My art and my personal life are based in it. I think that the art world would probably be a tremendous reservoir for everybody involved in advertising.
When I view the world, I don't think of my own work. I think of my hope that, through art, people can get a sense of the type of invisible fabric that holds us all together, that holds the world together.
When people make judgments they close all the possibility around them.
Art helped give me confidence.
I'm always working. If I'm not in my studio I become quite nervous.
I remember being an art student and going to the Whitney in 1974 to see the exhibition of Jim Nutt, the Chicago imagist. It was then I transferred to school in Chicago, all because of that show.
I think you always, as an artist, feel like you would like to be more and more specific about your intent and your interests.
A lot of times, my work is looked at very much on the surface. It's very easy to just want to put something in a box - to say, 'Oh, since this work deals with surface desires at times, this is about consumerism.' And of course, the base of the work is... not about economics at all.
Pretty mundane closet, but a lot of ties. And I tend not to throw anything out, so I have a lot of clothes from all times from my life. I can be a little sentimental with things like that.
I try to make pieces that are durable. One of the reasons that I work in steel is durability.
I try to educate people about materialism through my work. I try to show them real visual luxury.
One of the reasons I work with technology the way I do is that I can really be assured that the vision I have from the outset is what will be at the end. And that that vision isn't altered through the process.
I would think that to people like my father, and the people of his generation, Popeye is like a male priapist. So if you think in ancient terms, he would have a harem, a symbol of male energy.
I think art teaches us how to feel, what our parameters can be, what sensations can be like; it makes you more engaged with life.
