Italian,Artist
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return.
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
Water is the driving force of all nature.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
The beginnings and ends of shadow lie between the light and darkness and may be infinitely diminished and infinitely increased. Shadow is the means by which bodies display their form. The forms of bodies could not be understood in detail but for shadow.
Intellectual passion drives out sensuality.
Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?
The smallest feline is a masterpiece.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
Who sows virtue reaps honor.
Nature is the source of all true knowledge. She has her own logic, her own laws, she has no effect without cause nor invention without necessity.
How many emperors and how many princes have lived and died and no record of them remains, and they only sought to gain dominions and riches in order that their fame might be ever-lasting.
I have wasted my hours.
The Medici created and destroyed me.
For, verily, great love springs from great knowledge of the beloved object, and if you little know it, you will be able to love it only little or not at all.
The length of a man's outspread arms is equal to his height.
You can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself.
You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand.
Man and animals are in reality vehicles and conduits of food, tombs of animals, hostels of Death, coverings that consume, deriving life by the death of others.
The function of muscle is to pull and not to push, except in the case of the genitals and the tongue.
Life well spent is long.
It is better to imitate ancient than modern work.
Just as courage is the danger of life, so is fear its safeguard.
Nature never breaks her own laws.
Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.
As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself.
Human subtlety will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous.
The divisions of Perspective are 3, as used in drawing; of these, the first includes the diminution in size of opaque objects; the second treats of the diminution and loss of outline in such opaque objects; the third, of the diminution and loss of colour at long distances.
The painter who draws merely by practice and by eye, without any reason, is like a mirror which copies every thing placed in front of it without being conscious of their existence.
Knowledge of the past and of the places of the earth is the ornament and food of the mind of man.
It seems that it had been destined before that I should occupy myself so thoroughly with the vulture, for it comes to my mind as a very early memory, when I was still in the cradle, a vulture came down to me, he opened my mouth with his tail and struck me a few times with his tail against my lips.
Medicine is the restoration of discordant elements; sickness is the discord of the elements infused into the living body.
Every action needs to be prompted by a motive.
The poet ranks far below the painter in the representation of visible things, and far below the musician in that of invisible things.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year.
There are four Powers: memory and intellect, desire and covetousness. The two first are mental and the others sensual. The three senses: sight, hearing and smell cannot well be prevented; touch and taste not at all.
The mind of the painter must resemble a mirror, which always takes the colour of the object it reflects and is completely occupied by the images of as many objects as are in front of it.
Many are they who have a taste and love for drawing, but no talent; and this will be discernible in boys who are not diligent and never finish their drawings with shading.
In order to arrive at knowledge of the motions of birds in the air, it is first necessary to acquire knowledge of the winds, which we will prove by the motions of water in itself, and this knowledge will be a step enabling us to arrive at the knowledge of beings that fly between the air and the wind.
All knowledge which ends in words will die as quickly as it came to life, with the exception of the written word: which is its mechanical part.
The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.
Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power.
Our body is dependant on Heaven and Heaven on the Spirit.
There is no object so large but that at a great distance from the eye it does not appear smaller than a smaller object near.
Each man is always in the middle of the surface of the earth and under the zenith of his own hemisphere, and over the centre of the earth.
The spirit desires to remain with its body, because, without the organic instruments of that body, it can neither act, nor feel anything.
Experience never errs; it is only your judgments that err by promising themselves effects such as are not caused by your experiments.
Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason.
Necessity is the mistress and guide of nature. Necessity is the theme and inventress of nature, her curb and her eternal law.
Weight, force and casual impulse, together with resistance, are the four external powers in which all the visible actions of mortals have their being and their end.
