Artist
When you have heartbreak, what's important is that you don't go halfway. Go all the way down. Don't take pills that keep you in limbo. Cry out all the feelings. Then your own energy for life will put you up again. You become stronger.
Unconditional love with someone you've never met is a straightforward feeling that is so overwhelming and fulfilling.
Of course I dream to have this perfect man who does not want to change me. And I'm so not marriage material, it's terrible. But my dream is to have those Sunday mornings, where you're eating breakfast and reading newspapers with somebody.
I don't have tattoos, I have scars!
I have this exercise that I propose to everybody: Hug a tree and complain for a minimum 15 minutes. Be yourself, and do something that you really feel deeply.
Yes, I believe stories are very important to all performances. The life story of the performer shapes their work, and the life stories of the audience alter how they receive the work, what they read into the performer.
I had difficult mother, difficult childhood like she had. She is Sagittarius like I am. I almost died from broken heart because of love. And she really did.
When people ask me where I am from, I never say Serbia. I always say I come from a country that no longer exists.
I hate studios. A studio is a black hole. I never use a studio to work. It's very artificial to go to a studio to get new ideas. You have to get new ideas from life, not from the studio. Then you go to the studio to realize the idea.
If you're a woman, it's almost impossible to establish a relationship. You're too much for everybody. It's too much. The woman always has to play this role of being fragile and dependent. And if you're not, they're fascinated by you, but only for a little while. And then they want to change you and crush you. And then they leave.
To be a performance artist, you have to hate theatre. Theatre is fake... The knife is not real, the blood is not real, and the emotions are not real. Performance is just the opposite: the knife is real, the blood is real, and the emotions are real.
I give people a space to simply sit in silence and communicate with me deeply but non-verbally.
I am obsessive always, even as a child. On one side is this strict orthodox religion; on the other is communism, and I am this little girl pulled between the two. It makes me who I am. It turns me into the kind of person that Freud would have a field day with, for sure.
There's plenty of talented women. Why do men take over the important positions? It's simple. Love, family, children - a woman doesn't want to sacrifice all of that.
There are good artists that have children. Of course there are. They are called men.
I had three abortions because I was certain that it would be a disaster for my work.
When I taught art, I was always asked, 'How do you know you're an artist? What makes you an artist?' And to me, it's like breathing. You don't question if you breathe; you have to breathe. So if you wake up in the morning, and you have to realize an idea, and there's another idea, and another, maybe you are really an artist.
To be in a magazine when you're 20 is okay, but when you do it when you're 65, it's much more fun!
The entire aim of my work is to elevate the human spirit. We can put the human spirit down so easily.
From a very early time, I understood that I only learn from things I don't like.
It's so easy to do things you like. But then, the thing is, when you're afraid of something, face it; go for it. You become a better human being.
I've been criticized by my generation, artists from the '70s - and there's nothing more tragic than artists from the '70s still doing art from the '70s - because I blur all these borders between fashion and pop.
I can explain my work to the cleaner or the president; it's all the same to me. I am very communist in this way.
I face so much jealousy, and I am incredibly upset about it.
One of my aims was to be paid as well as a plumber. Plumber was better-paid than any performance artist who was always doing this for free. It is so important to make a good living from art. You know, John Cage, until he was 60, he couldn't pay electricity.
Every party is the same: too many people, too little food, and you have to wait around. I'm extremely bored with parties.
