American,Artist
There's so much more to a book than just the reading.
I adored Mickey Mouse when I was a child. He was the emblem of happiness and funniness.
All I wanted was to be straight so my parents could be happy.
Childhood is a tricky business. Usually, something goes wrong.
I did not know how to paint a mural. I did not know how to prepare the surface. There was nobody from the Renaissance around who could advise me, and I did the best I could.
Parents shouldn't assume children are made out of sugar candy and will break and collapse instantly.
I have to accept my role. I will never kill myself like Vincent Van Gogh. Nor will I paint beautiful water lilies like Monet. I can't do that. I'm in the idiot role of being a kiddie book person.
My father could be very witty, even if the humor was always on the darker side of irony.
I want to be alone and work until the day my heads hits the drawing table and I'm dead. Kaput. I feel very much like I want to be with my brother and sister again. They're nowhere. I know they're nowhere and they don't exist, but if nowhere means that's where they are, that's where I want to be.
There's something in this country that is so opposed to understanding the complexity of children.
I hate people.
The distinctions of fine art bore me to death.
I've always loved pigs: the shape of them, the look of them, and the fact that they are so intelligent.
There must be more to life than having everything.
You cannot write for children They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them.
All I wanted was to be straight so my parents could be happy. They never, never, never knew.
I can't believe I've turned into a typical old man. I can't believe it. I was young just minutes ago.
I refuse to lie to children.
I write books that seem more suitable for children, and that's OK with me. They are a better audience and tougher critics. Kids tell you what they think, not what they think they should think.
In plain terms, a child is a complicated creature who can drive you crazy. There's a cruelty to childhood, there's an anger.
Kids don't know about best sellers. They go for what they enjoy. They aren't star chasers and they don't suck up. It's why I like them.
Do parents sit down and tell their kids everything? I don't know. I don't know. I've convinced myself - I hope I'm right - that children despair of you if you don't tell them the truth.
When I did 'Bumble-ardy,' I was so intensely aware of death. Eugene, my friend and partner, was dying here in the house when I did 'Bumble-ardy'. I did 'Bumble-ardy' to save myself. I did not want to die with him. I wanted to live, as any human being does.
You know who my gods are, who I believe in fervently? Herman Melville, Emily Dickinson - she's probably the top - Mozart, Shakespeare, Keats. These are wonderful gods who have gotten me through the narrow straits of life.
I'm writing a poem right now about a nose. I've always wanted to write a poem about a nose. But it's a ludicrous subject. That's why, when I was younger, I was afraid of something that didn't make a lot of sense. But now I'm not. I have nothing to worry about. It doesn't matter.
I'm sick of 'Wild Things.'
I'm scared of watching a TV show about vampires. I can't fall asleep.
You don't want to do something that's all terrifying.
Grown-ups are afraid for children. It's not children who are afraid.
I hate those e-books. They cannot be the future. They may well be.
Mothers and children are human beings, and they will sometimes do the wrong thing.
I want to write something so simple, so short and so silly... and I want it to be for my brother.
Kids are so shrewd.
We're animals. We're violent. We're criminal.
We're supposed to do all these things which trouble us deeply because it's so against what we naturally would want to do.
I'm not Hans Christian Anderson. Nobody's gonna make a statue in the park with a lot of scrambling kids climbing up me. I won't have it, okay?
I didn't have much confidence in myself... never.
Do parents sit down and tell their kids everything? I don't know. I don't know.
I've convinced myself - I hope I'm right - that children despair of you if you don't tell them the truth.
I am not a religious person, nor do I have any regrets.
I would infinitely prefer a daughter.
Things come to you without you necessarily knowing what they mean.
Girls are infinitely more complicated than boys and women more than men. And there's no doubt about that. We just don't like to think about it. Certainly the men don't like to think about it.
My being gay was something of not great interest to me.
Finding out that I was gay when I was older was a shock and a disappointment.
Certainly we want to protect our children from new and painful experiences that are beyond their emotional comprehension and that intensify anxiety; and to a point we can prevent premature exposure to such experiences.
I was miserable as a kid.
I don't need faith.
I'm not a religious person.
I don't believe in an afterlife but I still fully expect to see my brother again.
I'm not afraid of death.
A book is a book is a book.
I can't believe I've turned into a typical old man.
I'm an illustrator. I have to accept my role.
I have a good life.
I wanted to be acknowledged as an artist, not just some kiddie-book artist.
It dawned on me that art was the way I could survive.
I'm still as enamored and turned on by work as I was when I was young.
I have this idiot name tag which says 'controversial.'
I'd like to believe an accumulation of experience has made me a sort of a grown-up person, so I can have judgment and taste and whatever.
My father belonged to a Jewish social club.
I'm totally crazy, I know that.
It's no fun being lonely.
I'm a lucky buck.
My parents were ignorant peasants from the Old World.
My life in Brooklyn was in constant danger because of my bad health.
There are certain pieces of music that are always attached to certain books.
What I do as best I can is out of a deep respect for children, for how difficult their world is.
Yes, there have to be places for safe wonderful stories.
My work is not great, but it's respectable.
As a kid, all I thought about was death.
I had a brother who was my savior, made my childhood bearable.
I don't have kids at all and I thank God that I never did.
My therapies went on forever.
I cry a lot because I miss people.
I mean, being a child was being a child, was being a creature without power, without pocket money, without escape routes of any kind. So I didn't want to be a child.
I remember how much - when I was a small boy I was taken to see a version of 'Peter Pan.' I detested it. I mean, the sentimental idea that anybody would want to remain a boy.
My parents were very indiscrete.
I'm not obsessed with angels but I do adore angels.
I stress character, character, character.
The world is twice as crazy as it's ever been.
I do not remember any proper children's books in my childhood. I was not exposed to them.
