American,Artist
I just don't want anyone messing around with my pure smoking pleasure.
What really grabs me about living in Tucson is the color beige.
I just thought I'd take a break from publishing for a while.
I don't want to wait more than a year and a half or two years between books.
I am too old for an eyebrow piercing but too young for an eyebrow lift.
Well, I am a lot like my dad, and the character of Ted is based on my dad.
Milkmen seem so wholesome, and there's no way anybody can be that wholesome.
I grew up in a military family, and there's something about that military-style uniform, all cleaned up, a brutal control effort the military necessarily breeds.
I imagine I'll continue on doing it for many years to come.
That's not so important to me, that time thing.
But if I'm going to cause somebody else discomfort by my actions, then I should probably modify my actions toward them to make them as comfortable as possible.
People are essentially red meat. They are.
I wanted to be a painter.
I hope to actually get back to painting someday... soon. I sort of transitioned into cartooning from painting.
I was doing illustration work, and the cartooning slowly took over.
As soon as I can afford a studio space, I'll paint again.
Yeah, I don't deal with current events or pop culture, and I avoid politics like the plague.
Now interpersonal politics... that's what it's all about.
It's just something that's sort of funny, sort of not.
I'm just trying to portray what I find ironic or humorous.
You ever try to go a day without judgment?
The second we see somebody on the street or meet someone, we make snap judgments about them, about who they are and why we wouldn't necessarily sit with them or why we would or what's cool or not cool.
People get really caught up in their own trips.
We all have our pet things that we like to get religious about.
These censorship people think something is going to promote behavior in people.
People are going to behave however the social norms permit, and beyond that.
