Italian,Artist
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
Every block of stone has a statue inside it and it is the task of the sculptor to discover it.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.
My soul can find no staircase to Heaven unless it be through Earth's loveliness.
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
The best artist has that thought alone Which is contained within the marble shell; The sculptor's hand can only break the spell To free the figures slumbering in the stone.
Good painting is the kind that looks like sculpture.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
I am still learning.
What spirit is so empty and blind, that it cannot recognize the fact that the foot is more noble than the shoe, and skin more beautiful than the garment with which it is clothed?
The more the marbles wastes, the more the statue grows.
Carving is easy, you just go down to the skin and stop.
If we have been pleased with life, we should not be displeased with death, since it comes from the hand of the same master.
The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has.
I live and love in God's peculiar light.
What do you despise? By this you are truly known.
I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to extend my life as long as possible.
Genius is eternal patience.
The promises of this world are, for the most part, vain phantoms; and to confide in one's self, and become something of worth and value is the best and safest course.
It is necessary to keep one's compass in one's eyes and not in the hand, for the hands execute, but the eye judges.
I live in sin, to kill myself I live; no longer my life my own, but sin's; my good is given to me by heaven, my evil by myself, by my free will, of which I am deprived.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
