French,Artist
We live in a rainbow of chaos.
Shadow is a colour as light is, but less brilliant; light and shadow are only the relation of two tones.
Keep good company - that is, go to the Louvre.
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.
When I judge art, I take my painting and put it next to a God made object like a tree or flower. If it clashes, it is not art.
Here, on the river's verge, I could be busy for months without changing my place, simply leaning a little more to right or left.
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience.
Painting from nature is not copying the object; it is realizing one's sensations.
Optics, developing in us through study, teach us to see.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
It's so fine and yet so terrible to stand in front of a blank canvas.
Pure drawing is an abstraction. Drawing and colour are not distinct, everything in nature is coloured.
An art which isn't based on feeling isn't an art at all.
The day is coming when a single carrot, freshly observed, will set off a revolution.
If isolation tempers the strong, it is the stumbling-block of the uncertain.
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life.
I lack the magnificent richness of color that animates nature.
The artist makes things concrete and gives them individuality.
The truth is in nature, and I shall prove it.
For an Impressionist to paint from nature is not to paint the subject, but to realize sensations.
With an apple I will astonish Paris.
The painter must enclose himself within his work; he must respond not with words, but with paintings.
The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself.
Painting is damned difficult - you always think you've got it, but you haven't.
I could paint for a hundred years, a thousand years without stopping and I would still feel as though I knew nothing.
I am a pupil of Pissarro.
Don't be an art critic. Paint. There lies salvation.
I am the primitive of the method I have invented.
I have sworn to die painting.
