Lebanese,Artist
In the summer of 1988, my father took me up to look at the remains of our home, the dream house that he'd built. It was my first time since our family left four years earlier. Political and obscene graffiti covered the half-torn walls. There was no ceiling and surprisingly no floor: the parquet, the stone, the marble, all looted.
If I were to pray in Arabic, I'd pray to Allah. If I were to pray in English, I'd pray to God.
Before prognostication, a disclaimer: I have never been able to pick a winner. Not that it has ever stopped me from trying to. Well, it has stopped me from buying stock, but let's not talk about that.
I oscillate between being cynical and being naive on a regular basis. I always think that not much shocks me until something much too obvious does.
In Lebanon, there are completely different opinions and values in one country in terms of religion, modernity, tradition, East and West - which allows for a kind of intellectual development not available anywhere else.
A phoenix, Beirut seems to always pull itself out its ashes, reinvents itself, has been conquered numerous times in its 7,000-year history, yet it survives by both becoming whatever its conquerors wished it to be and retaining its idiosyncratic persona.
'Harat' is actually - it's a Lebanese dialect word. It comes from 'the mapmaker,' somebody who makes a map. And it basically means somebody who tells fibs or exaggerate tales a little bit.
I get upset about what is taken as great literature and what is cute and exotic.
I read Shakespeare when I was 14 because it's what we were taught.
In school in Lebanon, we were not allowed to speak Arabic during breaks - it had to be French or English.
There are over 1 million refugees in Lebanon, a country of 4 million people. How do we solve that? I have no idea. What's going on, I really don't know.
I can easily hold two opposing beliefs at the same time without any problem, which I find - well, mind-expanding, really.
We seem, particularly over here in the West and in America in particular, to have forgotten that we are, in large measures, the story we tell ourselves about ourselves.
I jokingly say if there was one great thing about, you know, the Lebanese Civil War was that it forced me to read.
If you go through any culture that has had wars, go to the bomb shelters, and you'll hear some amazing stories. Yes, it's a necessary thing that we actually both distract ourselves and it's a way to bond.
I couldn't tell the truth if my life depended on it.
I always say show me a storyteller who doesn't embellish, and I'll show you a bad one.
I loved problems on paper, and I was good at math, but I was a mechanical engineer, and I never understood - or cared to - how a car worked.
Nobody ever said I'm a simple personality.
Every writer uses his own way to motivate oneself.
When I wrote my first book, 'Koolaids,' I felt rejected and not wanted.
Nobody ever calls me a soccer-playing writer, even though I play soccer and it's part of who I am.
I allegedly am an outsider writer, so I write from the perspective of somebody who doesn't completely fit in. But at the same time, I can state the fact that I don't know of any good writer who is not an outsider writer.
As teenagers, a lot of us just did not want much to do with Arabic culture - we looked to the West.
I started writing half a paragraph of a mystery novel, half a paragraph there, and they were terrible.
I can make up stories with the best of them. I've been telling stories since I was a little kid.
If you want to know whether soccer is big in America, pick a weekend, go to any park in the land, and pay attention. We're there. We've always been.
My father loved Brazilian football, a diehard follower, so of course, he hated Germany and always rooted against them, always.
My father and I rarely saw eye to eye when I was growing up. We saw the world differently. It was only when we were both adults that we were able to share spectacles. However, football, and particularly the World Cup, was when we, enemy combatants, could traverse trenches and be together.
The Lebanese Civil War, 1975-1990, spanned four World Cups. It would have been a more symmetrical five had the Lebanese begun in 1974, but you know, we're Mediterranean, and timing isn't our forte.
A soccer game is a Wagner opera. The narrative sets up, the tension builds, the music ebbs and flows, the strings, the horns, more tension, and suddenly a moment of pure bliss, trumpet-tongued Gabriel sings, and gods descend from Olympus to dance - this peak of ecstasy.
I know many sports fans that don't enjoy soccer. The argument is that there's no action, not enough of it.
Now I love hoops. I'm a diehard UCLA fan, have been since my freshman year. But basketball is the '1812 Overture.' Pomp and circumstance, fireworks and cannons, lots and lots of fun, and in the end, still Tchaikovsky.
A game of soccer induces more than enjoyment, more than entertainment.
