Welsh,Actor
As long as you understand that you find happiness through family, friends and love, then money is just a nice bonus.
There's a physicality and confidence to Americans; they're very present. That's something I enjoy being around because it rubs off on you.
I'm determined not to lose my name. It's who I am. It has neither aided my progress nor hampered it. It's just who I am.
Being attractive, it's not something I do consciously. It's incredibly flattering that people think I appeal to women. But that was a gift from my parents.
You're always going to be more judgmental about your own performance than anyone else.
I love doing kids' films.
Actors, to a certain extent, never grow up, you see. It's an extension of being out in the back yard with a stick, only you're being paid to do it. It's borderline madness.
I know there are some actors who are just brilliant at improvising and brilliant at just being in the moment and doing it there and then. I'm not one of those actors.
It's interesting - an actor's research is different to just historian's research. I'm looking for things that I can actually physically use in the movie.
I could do an American accent, if I were immersed in the accent, meaning if I were living back in Los Angeles and rehearsing and auditioning the whole time.
People in America and Hollywood are very good at pronouncing my name, to begin with. Socially, they're very adept at listening to somebody's name and repeating it, cleverly in the first couple of sentences so the name sticks to begin with.
I'm really enjoying living in Los Angeles. It's a great city to live in. I'm living a very suburban domesticated lifestyle out there - a two bedroomed little bungalow with two cars, and we're just driving around, going to meetings here and there - it's lovely!
To be honest, I think that I am a bit of a singer, coming from Wales; being Welsh, we are all very proud of our singing heritage.
I know I'm as comfortable doing period as I am contemporary. I suppose we grow up with it in a sense, in the theater. We get to put on costumes and play a lot of period dramas or plays so we're exposed to it a little bit more I think because of our theatrical background.
I've never been around pets. I didn't have pets as a child.
As an actor, I've always said, half the audience is going to love you, half is going to hate you so just live with it. It's easier that way.
I've been brought up with the Christian faith with my family.
And I guess I have a face and a look that sort of lends itself to period costume!
