Welsh,Musician
The only reason we wore sunglasses onstage was because we couldn't stand the sight of the audience.
All of the sudden the audiences started getting younger and the spread of the attendance was really wide. I think it's as a result of the records selling more that they started following our careers.
I'm content with making records, but I don't want to be doing the same thing all the time.
Time plays a role in almost every decision. And some decisions define your attitude about time.
I like what the future holds. I don't like thinking about the past.
I never use the word, it's loaded. What love means to me is need.
If you're all loaded up on love, you haven't got anywhere else to go.
I'm writing a movie about Mozart going to New York in the '60s. I've been reading so many novels.
I want to get lean and mean, keep it minimalist.
Even if you're improvising, the fact that beforehand you know certain things will work helps you make those improvisations successful. It really helps to have a certain amount of knowledge about musical structure.
What I enjoy most about being on stage is that the natural instruments give you a greater freedom with texture. When you use natural instruments they have their own resonance.
We gave up on the idea of trying to make the record a good representation of the live performance.
Growing up in Wales was a pretty Draconian experience with religion.
The value of having a computer, to me, is that it'll remember everything you do. It's a databank.
That's what my life is, writing songs.
People sort of know me for that solo piano music I did.
In cities like New York and Austin, there's much more of a social context for music than in other places.
The avant-garde makes more sense to me.
I missed out on my teenage years. I led a sheltered life. I was practicing scales instead of playing football.
We'd hold a chord for three hours if we could.
If I'm interested in what I'm doing, other people will be interested in it.
I learn from thinking about the future, what hasn't been done yet. That's kind of my constant obsession.
I'm impatient. I get twitchy. When I get that feeling I just go out and make something happen.
When somebody grabs a movement, you're kind of locked into it. It's all par for the course.
