Welsh,Actor
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
I grew up among heroes who went down the pit, who played rugby, told stories, sang songs of war.
How strange are the tricks of memory, which, often hazy as a dream about the most important events of a man's life, religiously preserve the merest trifles.
If I had a chance for another life, I would certainly choose a better complexion.
I always speak Welsh to my family.
You may be as vicious about me as you please. You will only do me justice.
If you're going to make rubbish, be the best rubbish in it.
This diamond has so many carats it's almost a turnip.
The Welsh are all actors. It's only the bad ones who become professional.
How do you live with one person for 13 years and another for eight and find both as alien as strangers?
I've made more millions than I can count. But you know, it's a faerie gold - the tax people take most of it, and the rest goes to people you need to stay alive, places to live, conveyances to get from here to there.
I'm so weak at saying no.
The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
I might run from her for a thousand years and she is still my baby child. Our love is so furious that we burn each other out.
When I played drunks I had to remain sober because I didn't know how to play them when I was drunk.
They lard their lean books with the fat of others work.
Indeed he knows not how to know who knows not also how to un-know.
I've done the most awful rubbish in order to have somewhere to go in the morning.
An actor is something less than a man, while an actress is something more than a woman.
A man that hoards up riches and enjoys them not, is like an ass that carries gold and eats thistles.
Little islands are all large prisons: one cannot look at the sea without wishing for the wings of a swallow.
I hate myself and my face in particular.
Let's have days and days of brilliant clarity, etched and limpid, cool and surgical.
I am as dispassionate as it is possible for a human being to be and not be a machine.
Warren Beatty seems very self-conscious and actory.
What an extraordinary world it is.
