Welsh,Actor
My neighborhood in South London was very Dickensian.
No lens is quick enough to track the movement of the human body. The molecules are always moving.
I love to see people blossom.
Nothing in the world in perfect. Even a still photograph.
We did a black 'Julius Caesar' in which the predominant accent was Caribbean. This offends many people, you know. I also had a Chinese Marc Anthony. I also managed - this caused a great shock - I also got some white guys in it as well!
You got paid on Friday, go for a late-night poker game, and have no money on Saturday. But the RSC took your rent out of the paycheck, so at least you had a place to sleep.
Sometimes the most excruciating experiences in rehearsals and performances yield the most beautiful work.
More people saw me in one episode of 'Cheers' than would ever see me in a play.
History is with us until we learn from the suffering of the past.
'Merry Wives of Windsor' is a wonderful machine. It's one of the great farces, and it's astonishing to remember that this is written by the same man who wrote 'Hamlet,' 'The Taming of the Shrew' or 'Cymbeline.' It's so similar, and yet the form is so different.
Everything happens every night for this audience, and it's a very special occasion to come to the theatre.
I was at a pretty rough school, and the only thing I was good at was art.
I got out of this school and went to Camberwell College of Arts, a terribly prestigious thing to do. I was there to be a painter. And I sketched so well that, a year later, I was sent to Slade School of Fine Art, one of the great art schools.
I wish I'd played Coriolanus.
I directed Bebe Neuwirth in 'Here Lies Jenny' at the Post Street Theatre. I was gobsmacked - the audiences were extremely knowledgeable, affectionate, interested, and not cynical.
Anything I do is as theatrical as I can get it.
I don't think perfection is possible. I think you can attempt to reach perfection, but I don't think it's a possible thing. I think perfection is a moving point, and we spend our artistic lives chasing it.
Arthur Winslow is one of the great parts.
Rattigan wrote some very good plays.
Well-written plays deserve to be learned from and understood properly, both by actors and audiences alike, and Rattigan's very human characters help us do that.
Rattigan's world demanded unwavering trust in principles, loyalty, and virtue. At the time of this play - Rattigan was writing this play in 1947 about an incident that took place in 1914 - should a boy say he didn't do something, his father would believe him; a British father would take the defense of his son's honor to his grave.
That's been the tragedy of my life, actually. I've always looked younger than I am.
I was 36 when I played Nicholas Nickleby.
I am an anthologist, you see. I sort of make anthologies for people.
I'm really interested in the form, putting one piece up against another and finding something corroborative in another voice. I've done a lot of that.
The hard thing is making sure you work with wonderful people and that you get something out of it so that you can get better as an actor.
I've been with Shakespeare all my life.
Some of the finest Shakespeare has been done recently by college theater programs. I'll tell you what these young kids have: They have a natural authority in Shakespeare. They feel a right to do it. And once they honor the humanity of it, the rhythm of the verse comes with it.
It doesn't seem Shakespeare works if you turn him into a religion.
The sense of popularity in an actor is essential.
You might be the best Hamlet of your generation in the bathroom, but unfortunately, you have to come out and do it on stage, and it's best to do it to people who would fill the house.
The whole point is it's about getting as many people to come and see the play as you can.
I used to be the voice of Virgin Atlantic in America, and some people only know me for that.
If you take away a lot of the pretension and grandness from Shakespeare, a true poeticism is revealed.
The Elizabethan mind wanted and demanded that one word could mean 50 things. What Shakespeare offers us is not ambiguity; it's choices.
I'm astonished to say, but people are really pleased to hear what happened to me, the way I got a little bit more confident, the people I've met, and the things I didn't know.
I do one thing Gielgud didn't: I play the ukulele.
Daring to love someone is something we all do.
Gerry Schoenfeld told me 'Les Parents Terribles' was not going to sell, even though we had Kathleen Turner and Jude Law in the cast. So we called it 'Indiscretions.'
Now, of course, we know there has been an end to apartheid in South Africa, but what excited me was seeing it in the context of history.
I've learned from the greatest people, and I've got wonderful things to pass on.
I was a skinny 17-year-old.
I don't know why, but I was really good in that first play.
'Waiting for Godot,' when it first came out in 1950, was a very different sort of play to the plays that were in the West End at that time in London, because most of those plays were what we call drawing-room comedies.
People very often say to actors that they admire their careers, and I rather think that what's implied by that is that we have a choice in the matter. When really, most actors, me included, do whatever comes along next.
If you live in the States, you have to join a gym.
I've often thought I'm a short music hall comedian stuck in a leading man's body.
I was really serious about painting, so I could never be a Sunday painter. You can't just switch it on and off.
I have a little studio in Chinatown, and I sometimes go there and rearrange my brushes. But I would have to stop acting altogether in order to become a painter. At the moment, I'm still interested and active as an actor and director. Besides, I rather think acting and painting are all part of the same creative urge.
My first acquaintance with 'Peter Pan' was back when I lived in South London. I was at art school, and I needed to earn money, so I got a job as a stagehand at the Wimbledon Theatre, and 'Peter Pan' was on tour there with Donald Sinden, who was playing Captain Hook.
I've always thought like I'm really a 3-feet-high comic trapped in a leading man's body... but then I played Nicholas Nickleby, and suddenly I was heroic.
Most of my enjoyable times in the theater have been working in a group.
'Nicholas Nickleby' was the best example, where 43 people could make an audience of 1,500 look at a fingernail at any given moment. It was so controlled, and yet it was a group of disparate individuals. It was a happy, constructive time, and it seemed to be an active discussion of what makes the theater work.
What I strive to do is to make the theater experience something that people remember and recall rather than dismiss because it was less like their everyday experiences. So, I'm less interested in internal emotionalism and much more in making the audience laugh and cry by the devices that we use as theater actors.
The shields were enormous. In 'Julius Caesar,' I died early in the scene and used to fall asleep under the shield until I was woken up by applause.
I like to do really good things. But 'good' - witness Charles Dickens - doesn't mean 'not popular.'
'Nicholas Nickleby' is 800 pages long. At one time, the theater production was 15 hours long. So it's an interesting process, about what you leave out and what you select.
You may be modest and un-egotistical in your life; I'm quite ordinary. But I play big egotistical parts.
It's a vain craft, acting.
