American,Producer
Relax! Life is beautiful!
Television is like a library. There are a lot of library books in it, and you have to pick and choose what you take out of it.
My roots are documentaries.
I did not intend for there to be an incisive historical lesson in 'North and South.' Basically, it's just a good, juicy story.
I can possibly say I have entertained and educated more people than anyone else in the world.
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.
I couldn't get my first film on the air. The first film I did was called 'The Race For Space,' about the U.S.-Soviet space race. The networks had a policy that I found out about the hard way. I even had a sponsor for my program, but the networks wouldn't put it on because it was independently produced.
The minute I went into business, I was a success, and I've done well ever since.
Sometimes if you tell me what a story is about in just a few sentences, I can tell you if it's going to be a success.
Some psychiatrist told me I was interested in sculpture because I dealt in flat surfaces and needed something with dimension.
Why is it that if you hit a shot to within a tenth of an inch of the hole, it's a great shot, but if it goes in, it's luck?
Somebody said something funny to me the other day. They said, 'Wolper, until two weeks ago, your tombstone was going to say, 'David Wolper, the man who produced 'Roots.' I think the tombstone now has a new inscription. It's going to be 'David Wolper, the man who produced the opening ceremony of the 1984 Olympics.'
I'm not a kid trying to make an impression in the business. I do have 600 films out there that are playing constantly.
I have to do popcorn for movies. I can do more important things for television. You're going down when you're making a movie, not going up.
My main contribution has been that I have educated and entertained people at the same time.
You need an actor who can maintain a character over a long period of time. If you have a weak actor, it won't be obvious in two hours, but you'll begin to see his weaknesses over four or five days.
For a two-hour movie on a 20-day shooting schedule, it's O.K. to have an actor who's a pain in the neck.
I don't call four hours a miniseries.
'Roots' did show that the audience would be receptive to black talent and a black story.
What prevailed was that it was a family story, so it didn't matter what the color. It was also the perfect subject matter for a miniseries: A best-selling book, a generational story, a social problem - they all made 'Roots' what a miniseries should be.
Continuity is a wonderful thing, and it is a very rare thing in show business.
My definition of a producer is 'the man with the dream.'
There's a fine line between patriotism and corn.
I've asked every grammar schoolteacher in the nation to have their students write on the meaning of the Statue of Liberty. Wouldn't it be wonderful if the winning kid got up to the microphone and, in front of the world, had to dig into a pocket to pull out a crumpled sheet of paper containing the words that would move us all?
When they did the Olympics in Seoul - or elsewhere - didn't each host country try to show its greatness to the world viewing audience?
People don't buy and sell art based on the personality of the artist. Or there wouldn't be much art bought and sold.
