American,Producer
I think you have a pact with an audience in every picture, and I think the pact is to try and be truthful and to be real.
I was raised primarily by women. I had a mother who almost killed herself to survive, I had a sister who was eight years older who was like a second mother, and my mother had two sisters. In the environment I grew up in, I heard a lot of female perspectives.
I'm big on research.
You become so obsessed, and that's not a bad thing for a movie. Serve it with that sense that it's the whole world.
Things get very distorted when you do a movie, weirdly so.
Great things that can happen when you're doing a movie.
Tone is up for grabs in what we do - what's the tone of the scene.
What does it mean for an actor to make a part his own? It means that he takes on what you had intended and starts to put in his own stuff so that it becomes something that could only happen if he played it.
I had a marketing idea that everybody hated, decency is sexy.
I love romantic comedy, but I think you have to have another idea that you're chasing along with romantic comedy.
I value comedy. I value somebody who can be funny.
Kids in general make things fresh and alive and they have this great appreciation for, Holy mackerel, we're making a movie!
I have a lot of nightmares.
I've done it with Broadcast News-where there was no finish line, there was no agenda that I had to move all the characters to this point, that I was sort of open to what happens.
I took some time out for life.
Media reporting denied privacy to anybody doing what I do for a living. It was no longer possible to work on your picture in privacy.
A lot of things just aren't true any more.
I always fight hard to push a movie to the point where it pulls me.
Linking up the things you were with the things you become is what growing up is.
I have a rule in research: The third time you hear something, it's generally true.
I laugh every day. There are days when my laughs are pretty hollow. Dust comes out of your mouth, and your bones make a funny sound. But I'm laughing.
I always loved writing, but never considered that I could do it professionally.
I always think a successful television series is the best job because it gives you community, it doesn't demand temporary insanity the way movies do, and you can be almost a normal person.
I came to 20th Century Fox to do movies, and then they started a network, and they asked me to do a show as part of their starting what became the Fox network.
When you work alongside somebody day in and day out, the relationships tend to be wonderful: they're lifelong.
I think television keeps on being a place where writers can go, and if they're successful, they can have their way, and they can have creative freedom.
