American,Producer
Establish and maintain good working relationships with co-workers. You don't have to be friends, but you do have to be friendly.
The ambition and focus that propel you to success can also be your downfall.
Most people somehow look at people in the crisis industry as fixers, but some things can't be fixed by an outside person.
Allegations become facts, and facts become truth in the eyes of the public, whether they are true or not.
Workplace romances - or even the illusion of a workplace romance - can carry many ramifications and consequences.
So many people apologize because they feel like they have to - that it's the appropriate thing to do, that it may help them down the road. But people can tell whether you're sincere.
I will say this about the truth - that it's one of those crisis rules, whether you are a client or someone who's living their life just every day - is that the truth has a funny way of not going away, and telling the truth is extremely important in dealing with any problem or crisis.
Whatever the issue is or problem is, you have to own it, and you have to face into it. If not, it will just really get worse, and it will get compounded.
Oftentimes, rumors burn white hot only to fizzle as fast as they ignited.
Above all else, protect your brand. If you or your company doesn't live up to your brand's promise, own up to your error.
I definitely never had an affair with the president.
Rightfully given near-deity status in the early days of industrial America, the J.P. Morgans, Rockefellers, Carnegies, and Vanderbilts of the world not only ran our country, they were also revered - and often despised - as larger-than-life personalities who could perform feats mere mortals could only dream of.
When times are good, a CEO should remain poised and composed. When times are difficult, a CEO should remain poised and composed.
While it may be tempting to bask fully in the glory of success, remember: When a CEO takes too much credit for the good, they will receive far too much criticism for the bad.
Nothing kills a CEO's credibility faster than legal, regulatory, and/or ethical questions.
A crisis, by its very nature, is a negative event.
Unless you work in HR, it's not your responsibility to necessarily police and monitor workplace conversation.
Sometimes people honestly don't realize the magnitude of their words and have no idea that boundaries have been crossed.
While you are searching for a job, it is a good idea to be on your best behavior.
You don't want to appear as if you are not a team player, but at the same time, you don't want to be taken advantage of.
It can be a real blow to our egos when we feel as if our hard-earned degrees don't matter as much as our ability to get the morning coffee orders right.
It's good to have a healthy ego because that pushes you to succeed. But when you cross a line, and your views are not balanced, that's when you get into trouble.
I like to believe in the good in people. But we're all going to screw up from time to time. It just happens. It really is how our best growth occurs.
I think, sometimes when we face problems and issues in our life, we have a tendency to really deny that a problem exists. Or sometimes we say, oh, it'll go away, or we can handle it. It's - you know, don't worry. I've got it covered. And a lot of times, that's not the case.
If I can, for whatever reason, inspire and motivate people, that's a good thing.
The truth of the matter is, when you think about it, we all make mistakes.
My law degree has always been incredibly helpful.
Crisis is not a nine-to-five job... Crisis happens when you least expect it.
At the end of the day, I play to win, and otherwise, I wouldn't be good at my job.
When you're working in crisis situations, people have a tendency - particularly the media - to stake out your house.
A wonderful quality about America is that we love redemption stories. We're quick to lash out and assign blame, but we also draw from deep reservoirs of forgiveness.
