American,Producer
We want a story that starts out with an earthquake and works its way up to a climax.
If I look confused it is because I am thinking.
A bachelor's life is no life for a single man.
Don't pay any attention to the critics - don't even ignore them.
I'll take fifty percent efficiency to get one hundred percent loyalty.
When someone does something good, applaud! You will make two people happy.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
A hospital is no place to be sick.
This music won't do. There's not enough sarcasm in it.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.
Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.
I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.
God makes stars. I just produce them.
I'm willing to admit that I may not always be right, but I am never wrong.
Color television! Bah, I won't believe it until I see it in black and white.
Go see it and see for yourself why you shouldn't go see it.
I hate a man who always says 'yes' to me. When I say 'no' I like a man who also says 'no.'
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.
Ill give you a definite maybe.
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive.
We're overpaying him, but he's worth it.
I never liked you, and I always will.
For your information, I would like to ask a question.
I read part of it all the way through.
Every director bites the hand that lays the golden egg.
It's absolutely impossible, but it has possibilities.
Modern dancing is old fashioned.
I can give you a definite perhaps.
I was always an independent, even when I had partners.
Don't worry about the war. It's all over but the shooting.
Here I am paying big money to you writers and what for? All you do is change the words.
The independents who were our fiercest competitors all succumbed to the one-hit-makes-you-a-genius philosophy. It is a mistake to think you have the magic touch. Show business is roulette. If you start to play for stakes you can't afford, there's no way you can survive.
I vicariously lived the life of an independent producer from the time I was four years old. And what was always important was writing, writing, writing.
People always say to me, 'It must have been wonderful coming from old Hollywood, with all those movie stars,' but I never knew anyone. I didn't even know who Charlie Chaplin was. My parents really kept me away from it all.
The Oscars are a lot different when you are a nominee. You walk around with this big smile on your face, and everyone, even people who work for rival film companies, tells you they voted for you.
I left home at 15 because Hollywood isn't the best place to grow up.
Some of the regrets I've had about my own career are things I have not done that I should have done. More than some of the things that I've done.
