Activist
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty.
It is not power that corrupts but fear. Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it and fear of the scourge of power corrupts those who are subject to it.
If you want to bring an end to long-standing conflict, you have to be prepared to compromise.
I do protect human rights, and I hope I shall always be looked up as a champion of human rights.
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival.
Human beings want to be free and however long they may agree to stay locked up, to stay oppressed, there will come a time when they say 'That's it.' Suddenly they find themselves doing something that they never would have thought they would be doing, simply because of the human instinct that makes them turn their face towards freedom.
I've always been strongly on the side of non-violence.
By helping others, you will learn how to help yourselves.
Freedom and democracy are dreams you never give up.
I don't think of myself as unbreakable. Perhaps I'm just rather flexible and adaptable.
The Nobel Peace Prize opened up a door in my heart.
I do not hold to non-violence for moral reasons, but for political and practical reasons.
The struggle for democracy and human rights in Burma is a struggle for life and dignity. It is a struggle that encompasses our political, social and economic aspirations.
People keep saying I've changed. I used to be confrontational. But I'm - I haven't changed. It was - it's just that circumstances have changed.
After all it was my father who founded the Burmese army and I do have a sense of warmth towards the Burmese army.
Fundamental violations of human rights always lead to people feeling less and less human.
If you do nothing you get nothing.
Fires of suffering and strife are raging around the world.
More people, especially young people, are realising that if they want change, they've got to go about it themselves - they can't depend on a particular person, i.e. me, to do all the work. They are less easy to fool than they used to be, they now know what's going on all over the world.
Human beings the world over need freedom and security that they may be able to realize their full potential.
It is often in the name of cultural integrity as well as social stability and national security that democratic reforms based on human rights are resisted by authoritarian governments.
The democracy process provides for political and social change without violence.
Once serious political dialogue has begun, the international community can assume that we have achieved genuine progress along the road to real democratisation.
We always think that everybody can do a little bit more, if not a lot more.
The judiciary must be strengthened and released from political interference.
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.
Suffering degrades, embitters and enrages.
When I was under house arrest, it was the BBC that spoke to me - I listened.
I've always tried to explain democracy is not perfect. But it gives you a chance to shape your own destiny.
I was heartened that people everywhere want certain basic freedoms, even if they live in a totally different cultural environment.
I'm rather inclined to liking people.
All military regimes use security as the reason why they should remain in power. It's nothing original.
When you decide to follow a certain path, you should follow it to the end and not be diverted from it for personal reasons.
Sanctions are not really an economic weapon.
You cannot compromise unless people talk to you.
I wish people wouldn't think of me as a saint - unless they agree with the definition of a saint that a saint's a sinner who goes on trying.
I was a bit of a coward when I was small. I was terribly frightened of the dark.
I don't think I have achieved anything that I can really be proud of.
What does Burma have to give the United States? We can give you the opportunity to engage with people who are ready and willing to change a society.
If I was afraid of being killed, I would never speak out against the government.
A revolution simply means great change, significant change, and that's how I'm defining it - great change for the better, brought about through non-violent means.
There is a time to be quiet and a time to talk.
I think I should be active politically. Because I look upon myself as a politician. That's not a dirty work you know. Some people think that there are something wrong with politicians. Of course, something wrong with some politicians.
The history of the world shows that peoples and societies do not have to pass through a fixed series of stages in the course of development.
Confidence-building is not something that can go on forever. If it goes on forever then it becomes counterproductive.
A more significant phase should mean serious political dialogue.
We will not change in matters of policy until such time as dialogue has begun.
When we think of the state of the economy, we are not thinking in terms of money flow. We are thinking in terms of the effect on everyday lives of people.
Whatever help we may want from the international community now or in the future, we want to make sure that this help is tailored to help our people to help themselves.
I don't want Burma to be a basket case forever.
Sanctions and boycotts would be tied to serious political dialogue.
I saw many aspects of the country which I needed to see in order that I might know what we need to do.
I was surprised by the response of young people because there is a perception that those younger than the 1988 generation are not interested in politics.
There is so much that we need to do for our country. I don't think that we can afford to wait.
People must work in unison.
At this age, I should be leading a quiet life.
If you choose to do something, then you shouldn't say it's a sacrifice, because nobody forced you to do it.
Democracy is when the people keep a government in check.
I am prepared to talk with anyone. I have no personal grudge toward anybody.
Frankly, if you do politics, you should not be thinking about your dignity.
In politics, you also have to be cautiously optimistic.
To be forgotten, is to die a little.
If you can make people understand why freedom is so important through the arts, that would be a big help.
I could listen to the radio and I had access to books from time to time. Not all the time.
I learned to work on a computer years before I was placed under house arrest. Fortunately I had two laptops when I was under house arrest - one an Apple and one a different operating system. I was very proud of that because I know how to use both systems.
I knew some of the army quite well.
My attitude is, do as much as I can while I'm free. And if I'm arrested I'll still do as much as I can.
I'm feeling a little delicate.
When the Nobel Committee chose to honor me, the road I had chosen of my own free will became a less lonely path to follow.
If I advocate cautious optimism it is not because I do not have faith in the future but because I do not want to encourage blind faith.
I feel that the BBC World Service is not as versatile as it used to be - or perhaps I'm not listening at the right times.
I think by now I have made it fairly clear that I am not very happy with the word hope. I don't believe in people just hoping.
If you look at the democratic process as a game of chess, there have to be many, many moves before you get to checkmate. And simply because you do not make any checkmate in three moves does not mean it's stalemate. There's a vast difference between no checkmate and stalemate. This is what the democratic process is like.
I only used a cell phone for the first time after I was released. I had difficulty coping with it because it seemed so small and insubstantial.
I think when the people in Burma stop thinking about whether or not they're free, it'll mean that they're free.
In general people feel more relaxed about participating in politics. They aren't frightened as they used to be.
My opinion is the greatest reward that any government could get is the approval of the people. If the people are happy and the people are at peace and the government has done something for them, that's the greatest reward I think any government could hope for.
The judiciary in Burma is not independent. It's widely known, everybody knows that.
Maybe it is something to do with age, but I have become fonder of poetry than of prose.
I don't think you can work on feelings in politics, apart from anything else, political change can come very unexpectedly, sometimes overnight when you least expect it.
In terms of the history of a far reaching movement, 20 years is not that long.
I felt that it was my duty not to senselessly waste my time. And since I didn't want to waste my time, I tried to accomplish as much as possible.
As long as there is no law in Burma, any individual here can be arrested at any time.
What I have experienced is nothing compared to what political prisoners in prisons suffer.
It doesn't seem right for anybody to get so much attention.
One should mature over 20 years.
I haven't heard any music on the BBC World Service in a long time. Maybe I'm listening at the wrong times. But not one single piece of music.
I am not unaware of the saying that more tears have been shed over wishes granted than wishes denied.
Of course I regret not having been able to spend time with my family.
One wants to be together with one's family. That's what families are about.
I would like to have seen my sons growing up.
A family is very special. So when a family splits up, it's not good, it's never good.
History is always changing.
Dissidents can't be dissidents forever; we are dissidents because we don't want to be dissidents.
I think I was the healthiest prisoner of conscience in the world.
I don't believe in professional dissidents. I think it's just a phase, like adolescence.
Books always help.
I look forward to trying the Internet.
I don't want to be president, but I want to be free to decide whether or not I want to be president of this country.
I've been repeating ad nauseam that we in Burma, we are weak with regard to the culture of negotiated compromises, that we have to develop the ability to achieve such compromises.
Burmese authors and artists can play the role that artists everywhere play. They help to mold the outlook of a society - not the whole outlook, and they are not the only ones to mold the outlook of society, but they have an important role to play there.
The people have given me their support; they have given me their trust and confidence. My colleagues have suffered a lot in order to give me support. I do not look upon my life as a sacrifice at all.
Regime is made up of people, so I do put faces to regimes and governments, so I feel that all human beings have the right to be given the benefit of the doubt, and they also have to be given the right to try to redeem themselves if they so wish.
