Russian,Activist
I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck.
If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
The most violent element in society is ignorance.
No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action.
The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.
The ultimate end of all revolutionary social change is to establish the sanctity of human life, the dignity of man, the right of every human being to liberty and well-being.
Puritanism, in whatever expression, is a poisonous germ. On the surface everything may look strong and vigorous; yet the poison works its way persistently, until the entire fabric is doomed.
If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution.
If love does not know how to give and take without restrictions, it is not love, but a transaction that never fails to lay stress on a plus and a minus.
No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.
To the indefinite, uncertain mind of the American radical the most contradictory ideas and methods are possible. The result is a sad chaos in the radical movement, a sort of intellectual hash, which has neither taste nor character.
Politics is the reflex of the business and industrial world.
There is no hope even that woman, with her right to vote, will ever purify politics.
The motto should not be: Forgive one another; rather understand one another.
Idealists are foolish enough to throw caution to the winds. They have advanced mankind and have enriched the world.
On rare occasions one does hear of a miraculous case of a married couple falling in love after marriage, but on close examination it will be found that it is a mere adjustment to the inevitable.
Idealists foolish enough to throw caution to the winds have advanced mankind and have enriched the world.
The political arena leaves one no alternative, one must either be a dunce or a rogue.
Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian.
Direct action is the logical, consistent method of Anarchism.
All claims of education notwithstanding, the pupil will accept only that which his mind craves.
Before we can forgive one another, we have to understand one another.
Someone has said that it requires less mental effort to condemn than to think.
When we can't dream any longer we die.
Merely external emancipation has made of the modern woman an artificial being. Now, woman is confronted with the necessity of emancipating herself from emancipation, if she really desires to be free.
Only when human sorrows are turned into a toy with glaring colors will baby people become interested - for a while at least. The people are a very fickle baby that must have new toys every day.
