Irish,Activist
Intolerance has been the curse of our country.
Comrades - We are living in momentous times.
No, men and women of the Irish race, we shall not fight for England. We shall fight for the destruction of the British Empire and the construction of an Irish republic.
There must be freedom for all to live, to think, to worship, no book, no avenue must be closed.
Those who want to divide the workers have resorted to the foulest methods.
The employers cannot carry on industry nor accumulate profits if they have not got the good will of the workers or their acquiescence in carrying on such industry.
The men whose manhood you have broken will loathe you, and will always be brooding and scheming to strike a fresh blow.
A mutual arrangement, I repeat, is the only satisfactory medium whereby the present system can be carried on with any degree of satisfaction, and in such an arrangement the employers have more to gain than the workers.
By God's help, and the intelligent use of their own strong right arms they could accomplish great things.
Claiming for ourselves liberty of conscience, liberty to worship, we shall see to it that every other individual enjoys the same right.
For years and years I have done the work I was born for.
Humanity abhors, above all things, a vacuum in itself, and your class will be cut off from humanity as the surgeon cuts the cancer and alien growth from the body.
I am careful about my conduct because I know this cause requires clean men.
I am, of course, aware that the ultimate solution is the ownership and control of the means of life by the whole of the people; but we are not at that stage of development as yet.
I have raised the morals and sobriety of the people.
I have tried to kill sectarianism, whether in Catholics or Protestants.
I never stood in a public house bar and alcoholic drink never touched my lips.
It means that the men who hold the means of life control our lives, and, because we workingmen have tried to get some measure of justice, some measure of betterment, they deny the right of the human being to associate with his fellow.
Man must be associated with his fellows.
Russia is the only place where men and women can be free.
Stop at home. Arm for Ireland. Fight for Ireland and no other land.
The best thanks we could offer those who went before and raised the Irish working class from their knees was to press forward with determination and enthusiasm towards the ultimate goal of their efforts, a Co-operative Commonwealth for Ireland.
The fate of you, the aristocracy of industry, will be as the fate of the aristocracy of land if you do not show that you have some humanity still among you.
The land of Ireland for the people of Ireland.
The question of religion was a matter for each individual's conscience, and in a great many cases was the outcome of birth or residence in a certain geographical area.
The souls you have got cast upon the screen of publicity appear like the horrid and writhing creatures enlarged from the insect world, and revealed to us by the cinematograph.
