Indian,Activist
Childhood means simplicity. Look at the world with the child's eye - it is very beautiful.
Every single minute matters, every single child matters, every single childhood matters.
Child slavery is a crime against humanity. Humanity itself is at stake here. A lot of work still remains, but I will see the end of child labor in my lifetime.
From my own experience, I want to say that you should follow your heart, and the mind will follow you. Believe in yourself, and you will create miracles.
Child labor perpetuates poverty, unemployment, illiteracy, population growth, and other social problems.
Today, in every wave of every ocean, I see our children playing and dancing. Today, in every plant, tree, and mountain, I see our children growing in freedom.
Every child matters. If we fail our children, we are bound to fail our present, our future, faith, cultures, and civilisations as well.
For me, peace is a fundamental human right of every child; it is inevitable and divine.
Today it is time for every child to have a right to life, right to freedom, right to health, right to education, safety, the right to dignity, right to equality, and right to peace.
Elimination of child labour and access to education are like two sides of one coin. One cannot be achieved without the other.
I dream for a world which is free of child labour, a world in which every child goes to school. A world in which every child gets his rights.
Economic growth and human development need to go hand in hand. Human values need to be advocated vigorously.
The biggest challenge or biggest crisis knocking on the doors of humankind is fear and intolerance.
If not now, then when? If not you, then who? If we are able to answer these fundamental questions, then perhaps we can wipe away the blot of human slavery.
I never go to temples, but when I see a child, I see God in them.
If you keep on buying things made by child slaves in such conditions, you are equally responsible for the perpetration of slavery.
I have come here only to share the voices and dreams of our children - because they are all our children.
The first 'D' is to dream: dream big - not for yourself, but for the country and for the world. The second 'D' is to discover: discover your full potential and the opportunities that surround you; and the third 'D' is to do. 'Do' means to act on your dreams and make best use of the opportunities you have discovered.
We as the governments, workers, employers and civil society must declare a war on child labour. This war cannot be won without strong, committed, coherent, and well-resourced worldwide movement. Equally needed is a genuine and active coordination between intergovernmental agencies at the highest level.
India may be a land of over a 100 problems, but it is also a place for a billion solutions.
Each time I free a child, I feel it is something closer to God.
Learning from the experiences of our ancestors, let us together create knowledge for all that benefits all.
The power of youth is the common wealth for the entire world. The faces of young people are the faces of our past, our present and our future. No segment in the society can match with the power, idealism, enthusiasm and courage of the young people.
I am thankful to the Nobel committee for recognising the plight of millions of children who are suffering in this modern age.
I am really honoured, but if the prize had gone to Mahatma Gandhi before me, I would have been more honoured.
There is a triangular relationship between poverty, child labour and illiteracy who have a cause and consequence relationship. We will have to break this vicious circle.
