American,Activist
I am not the same man I was 35 years ago. And I hope that five years and ten years from now, I'll be a better man, a more mature man, a wiser man, a more humble man and a more spirited man to serve the good of my people and the good of humanity.
There really can be no peace without justice. There can be no justice without truth. And there can be no truth, unless someone rises up to tell you the truth.
Naturally, when one makes progressive steps, there may be some who see it as a betrayal of their goals and interests.
Overall, the challenge of leadership is both moral and one of developing the characteristics that make us respected by one another.
The Jews don't like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler. Well, that's a good name. Hitler was a very great man.
But if I thought on it, I would like to be remembered as a brother who loved his people and did everything that I knew to fight for them, the liberation of our people.
If we don't make earnest moves toward real solutions, then each day we move one day closer to revolution and anarchy in this country. This is the sad, and yet potentially joyous, state of America.
I don't think about my legacy, if indeed, I have one.
We are all gifted, but we have to discover the gift, uncover the gift, nurture and develop the gift and use it for the Glory of God and for the liberation struggle of our people.
They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters.
I am hoping that in this year of the family we will go into our families and reconcile differences.
Everything that I'm attempting to do is based on my understanding of the Honorable Elijah Muhammad and what he wanted for his people.
Black leadership has to recognize that principles more than speech, character more than a claim, is greater in advancing the cause of our liberation than what has transpired thus far.
You must recognize that the way to get the good out of your brother and your sister is not to return evil for evil.
Anarchy may await America, due to the daily injustices suffered by the people.
Because wherever I am today, I still owe it to God and I owe it to two men - the Honorable Elijah Muhammad and Malcolm X and of course, two very special women, my mother and my wife.
I hope that five years and ten years from now, I'll be a better man, a more mature man, a wiser man, a more humble man and a more spirited man to serve the good of my people and the good of humanity.
Not that I regret saying what I believed to be the truth, but I regret anything that I might have written or spoken that could have been used in a way to help to foster that atmosphere out of which came the loss of life of Brother Malcolm.
So, this war is against the Islam that the West does not control.
A brother who recognizes that we have shortcomings, we, in the struggle, have faults, and that he wanted to reconcile differences.
I don't own Hollywood.
Many of the Jews who owned the homes, the apartments in the black community, we considered them bloodsuckers because they took from our community and built their community but didn't offer anything back to our community.
The die is set and Malcolm will not escape for the foolish talk he spoke against his benefactor, such a man, is worthy of death, and it would have been so, were it not for Muhammad's confidence that God would give him the victory over the enemies.
White people are potential humans - they haven't evolved yet.
It appears that there is a genocidal plan against Black people.
Qaddafi is hated because he is the leader of a small country that is rich, but he uses his money to finance liberation struggles.
