American,Activist
I asked a man in prison once how he happened to be there and he said he had stolen a pair of shoes. I told him if he had stolen a railroad he would be a United States Senator.
Reformation, like education, is a journey, not a destination.
Sit down and read. Educate yourself for the coming conflicts.
You must stand for free speech in the streets.
My address is like my shoes. It travels with me.
I will tell the truth wherever I please.
I'm not a humanitarian. I'm a hell-raiser.
In Georgia where children work day and night in the cotton mills they have just passed a bill to protect song birds. What about the little children from whom all song is gone?
I'm not afraid of the press or the Militia.
Life comes to the miners out of their deaths, and death out of their lives.
I went West and took part in the strike of the machinists - the Southern Pacific Railroad, the corporation that swung California by its golden tail, that controlled its legislature, its farmers, its preachers, its workers.
I nursed men back to sanity who were driven to despair. I solicited clothes for the ragged children, for the desperate mothers. I laid out the dead, the martyrs of the strike.
I abide where there is a fight against wrong.
God almighty made women and the Rockefeller gang of thieves made the ladies.
I am not afraid of the pen, or the scaffold, or the sword.
I am not blind to the shortcomings of our own people.
I am not unaware that leaders betray, and sell out, and play false.
I was born in revolution.
You know I took an oath to tell the truth when I took the witness stand.
Today the white child is sold for two dollars a week to the manufacturers.
I would fight God Almighty Himself if He didn't play square with me.
I have always advised men to read.
Little girls and boys, barefooted, walked up and down between the endless rows of spindles, reaching thin little hands into the machinery to repair snapped threads.
Sometimes it seemed to me I could not look at those silent little figures; that I must go north, to the grim coal fields, to the Rocky Mountain camps, where the labor fight is at least fought by grown men.
And who is responsible for this appalling child slavery? Everyone.
I believe that movements to suppress wrongs can be carried out under the protection of our flag.
