American,Activist
Our public school system is our country's biggest and most inefficient monopoly, yet it keeps demanding more and more money.
In a world of inhumanity, war and terrorism, American citizenship is a very precious possession.
Feminism is doomed to failure because it is based on an attempt to repeal and restructure human nature.
Sex education classes are like in-home sales parties for abortions.
It would be a tragic mistake for Congress ever to adopt any public or tax policy which encourages mothers to assign child care to others and enter the labor force.
Much of the demand for women in combat comes from female officers who are eager for medals and promotions.
Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.
The cornerstone of the political correctness that dominates campus culture is radical feminism.
After Big Media, U.S. colleges and universities are the biggest enemies of the values of red-state Americans.
How can we protect homeland security unless the government stops the invasion of illegal aliens?
The United States is a giant island of freedom, achievement, wealth and prosperity in a world hostile to our values.
Sexual harassment on the job is not a problem for virtuous women.
What you learn from my life is, first of all, that anybody can be a leader. You can be a leader. I wasn't born that way - I developed it, I worked at it. And also that the grassroots can organize and take on all the powers that be and defeat them. That is the lesson.
American women are so fortunate. When I got married, all I wanted in the world was a dryer so I didn't have to hang up my diapers. And now women have paper diapers and all sorts of conveniences in the home. And it is the man and the technology that has made the home such a pleasant place for women to be.
No country in history ever sent mothers of toddlers off to fight enemy soldiers until the United States did this in the Iraq war.
When it comes to determining child custody, however, sexism is the rule.
I believe that the worst thing the liberals did in this country was the Lyndon Johnson welfare system, which broke up millions of marriages by funneling taxpayers' money solely to the woman. That made the father and husband irrelevant.
My college degree is from a great university in 1944. I got my master's at Harvard graduate school, completely co-ed, in 1945. My mother got her college degree in 1920. What's the problem? Those opportunities were always there for women.
A lot of people don't understand what feminism is. They think it is about advance and success for women, but it's not that at all. It is about power for the female left. And they have this, I think, ridiculous idea that American women are oppressed by the patriarchy and we need laws and government to solve our problems for us.
The feminist movement is not about success for women. It is about treating women as victims and about telling women that you can't succeed because society is unfair to you, and I think that's a very unfortunate idea to put in the minds of young women because I believe women can do whatever they want.
Putting women in military combat is the cutting edge of the feminist goal to force us into an androgynous society.
History offers no evidence for the proposition that the assignment of women to military combat jobs is the way to win wars, improve combat readiness, or promote national security.
There are thousands of Ten Commandments plaques or monuments all over the country, and lawsuits to remove them have popped up in more than a dozen states.
Forcing women in or near land combat will hurt recruiting, not help.
Men should stop treating feminists like ladies, and instead treat them like the men they say they want to be.
What I am defending is the real rights of women. A woman should have the right to be in the home as a wife and mother.
Feminists don't honor successful women. You never hear them talking about Margaret Thatcher. Take Condoleezza Rice. She's a remarkable, successful woman. You don't hear the feminists talk about her or Carly Fiorina or Jeanne Kirkpatrick.
One of the favorite tricks of the Democrats is to try to get the Republicans to pass over their strongest candidate and nominate instead a candidate who will be easy to beat.
Highly placed New York kingmakers work toward 'convergence' between the Republican and Democratic parties so as to preserve their 'America Last' foreign policy and eliminate foreign policy from political campaigns.
The real fight is within the Republican Party to get it to nominate grassroots-type candidates who the public wants, and not just some 'echo' of the other side.
If we don't stop immigration - this torrent of immigrants coming in - we're not going to be America anymore because most of the people coming in have no experience with limited government. They don't know what that is.
When I had a baby, I didn't leave the second floor for six months. I nursed my babies. I was a full-time homemaker. I taught them all how to read before I let them go to school. So I gave them that care in the early life that somehow feminists have been led to believe is demeaning and is not worth the time of an educated woman.
I think the main goal of the feminist movement was the status degradation of the full-time homemaker. They really wanted to get all women out of the homes and into the workforce. And again and again, they taught that the only fulfilling lifestyle was to be in the workforce reporting to a boss instead of being in the home reporting to a husband.
I think the Con-Con issue is really diversionary. I've always been against Con-Con, from the very first the time the idea was raised. Everybody knows that.
Feminism has changed the way women think, and it has changed the way men think, but the trouble is, it hasn't changed the attitudes of babies at all.
I simply didn't believe we needed a constitutional amendment to protect women's rights. I knew of only one law that was discriminatory toward women, a law in North Dakota stipulating that a wife had to have her husband's permission to make wine.
Since the women are the ones who bear the babies, and there's nothing we can do about that, our laws and customs then make it the financial obligation of the husband to provide the support. It is his obligation and his sole obligation. And this is exactly and precisely what we will lose if the Equal Rights Amendment is passed.
The media has bought into the whole social revolution, the Kinsey ideas, and has been completely taken over by the feminists. And the feminists, I think, are the most destructive elements in our society.
I don't think the GOP is going to die; I think Trump is going to revive it.
A country isn't sovereign if we can't control who comes in and who's allowed to come in.
We need a new leader in Congress who will represent the issues that Donald Trump ran on because they were the winning issues.
Obviously, Paul Ryan is not an 'America first' guy.
You can't be an American if you don't speak English. Our public schools should be mandated to teach all children in English.
The purpose of our military is to field the finest troops possible to defend our nation and win wars.
There's no real substitute for the care of the real mother.
While women prefer to have a higher-earning partner, men generally prefer to be the higher-earning partner in a relationship.
Suppose the pay gap between men and women were magically eliminated. If that happened, simple arithmetic suggests that half of women would be unable to find what they regard as a suitable mate.
Long ago when I went to college, campuses were about 70 percent male, and until 1970, it was still nearly 60 percent.
Boys are more likely than girls to look at the cost-benefit tradeoff of going to college. The imbalance of far more women than men at colleges has been a factor in the various sex scandals that have made news in the last couple of years.
I went through college while working a full-time manual-labor job, and I don't regret a minute of it; it was a great learning experience.
