American,Activist
Knowledge is power. Information is power. The secreting or hoarding of knowledge or information may be an act of tyranny camouflaged as humility.
We can't destroy the inequities between men and women until we destroy marriage.
There's something contagious about demanding freedom.
I feel that man-hating is an honorable and viable political act, that the oppressed have a right to class-hatred against the class that is oppressing them.
Don't accept rides from strange men - and remember that all men are strange as hell.
I am an artist and a political being as well.
In the long run, Women's Liberation will of course free men-but in the short run it's going to COST men a lot of privilege, which no one gives up willingly or easily.
It isn't until you begin to fight in your own cause that you become really committed to winning and become a genuine ally of other people struggling for their freedom.
Legitimate revolution must be led by, made by those who have been most oppressed: black, brown, yellow, red, and white women-with men relating to that the best they can.
Let's put one lie to rest for all time: the lie that men are oppressed, too, by sexism-the lie that there can be such a thing as men's liberation groups.
Only she who attempts the absurd can achieve the impossible.
Oppression is something that one group of people commits against another group specifically because of a threatening characteristic shared by the latter group.
Sexism is not the fault of women - kill your fathers, not your mothers.
The Roman Catholic church... carries the immense power of very directly affecting women's lives everywhere by its stand against birth control and abortion.
We are the women men warned us about.
We're not inherently anything but human.
Women are not inherently passive or peaceful.
Friendship is mutual blackmail elevated to the level of love.
White males are the most responsible for the destruction of human life and environment on the planet today.
Feminism is for all women and girls, not a privileged few or one ethnicity, religion, age, sexual preference, ability, region or hemisphere.
Women born and raised on this fragile planet have more uniting us than dividing us - and it's the job of feminists to help us realise that.
Should we tolerate debate within feminism's ranks? Undebatable! But it's not so simple: women are socialised to avoid conflict; when we do differ, especially on politics and in public, it's still tediously labelled a 'catfight.'
