American,Activist
Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less.
Independence is happiness.
It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens; but we, the whole people, who formed the Union. And we formed it, not to give the blessings of liberty, but to secure them; not to the half of ourselves and the half of our posterity, but to the whole people - women as well as men.
The principle of self-government cannot be violated with impunity. The individual's right to it is sacred - regardless of class, caste, race, color, sex or any other accident or incident of birth.
There never will be complete equality until women themselves help to make laws and elect lawmakers.
I declare to you that woman must not depend upon the protection of man, but must be taught to protect herself, and there I take my stand.
She who succeeds in gaining the mastery of the bicycle will gain the mastery of life.
There is not a woman born who desires to eat the bread of dependence.
The Declaration of Independence, the United States Constitution, the constitutions of the several states, and the organic laws of the territories all alike propose to protect the people in the exercise of their God-given rights. Not one of them pretends to bestow rights.
Organize, agitate, educate, must be our war cry.
Here, in this very first paragraph of the Declaration, is the assertion of the natural right of all to the ballot; for how can 'the consent of the governed' be given if the right to vote be denied?
The worst enemy women have is in the pulpit.
No self-respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party who ignores her sex.
Oh, if I could but live another century and see the fruition of all the work for women! There is so much yet to be done.
An oligarchy of race, where the Saxon rules the African, might be endured; but this oligarchy of sex which makes father, brothers, husband, sons, the oligarchs over the mother and sisters, the wife and daughters of every household... carries discord and rebellion into every home of the nation.
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world; I am like a snowball - the further I am rolled the more I gain.
Failure is impossible.
The day may be approaching when the whole world will recognize woman as the equal of man.
I do not consider divorce an evil by any means. It is just as much a refuge for women married to brutal men as Canada was to the slaves of brutal masters.
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.
I will cut off this right arm of mine before I will ask for the ballot for the Negro and not for the woman.
For every betrayed woman, there is always the betrayer, man.
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do, because I notice it always coincides with their own desires.
Are you going to cater to the whims and prejudices of people? We draw out from other people our own thought. If, when you go out to organize, you go with a broad spirit, you will create and call out breadth and toleration. You had better organize one woman on a broad platform than 10,000 on a narrow platform of intolerance and bigotry.
I think the girl who is able to earn her own living and pay her own way should be as happy as anybody on earth. The sense of independence and security is very sweet.
It is downright mockery to talk to women of their enjoyment of the blessings of liberty while they are denied the use of the only means of securing them provided by this democratic-republican government: the ballot.
Resolved, that the women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776.
This is rather different from the receptions I used to get fifty years ago. They threw things at me then but they were not roses.
Wherever, on the face of the globe or on the page of history, you show me a disfranchised class, I will show you a degraded class of labor.
What you should do is to say to outsiders that a Christian has neither more nor less rights in our association than an atheist.
We throw to the winds the old dogma that governments can give rights. Before governments were organized, no one denies that each individual possessed the right to protect his own life, liberty and property.
If women will not accept marriage with subjection, nor men proffer it without, there is, there can be, no alternative. The women who will not be ruled must live without marriage. And during this transition period... single women make comfortable and attractive homes for themselves.
