Dutch,Philosopher
If you want the present to be different from the past, study the past.
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.
I have striven not to laugh at human actions, not to weep at them, nor to hate them, but to understand them.
Happiness is a virtue, not its reward.
The world would be happier if men had the same capacity to be silent that they have to speak.
The endeavor to understand is the first and only basis of virtue.
All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare.
I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of established religion.
Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone.
Whatsoever is, is in God, and without God nothing can be, or be conceived.
Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.
Nothing in the universe is contingent, but all things are conditioned to exist and operate in a particular manner by the necessity of the divine nature.
It may easily come to pass that a vain man may become proud and imagine himself pleasing to all when he is in reality a universal nuisance.
Those who are believed to be most abject and humble are usually most ambitious and envious.
Pride is pleasure arising from a man's thinking too highly of himself.
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused.
One and the same thing can at the same time be good, bad, and indifferent, e.g., music is good to the melancholy, bad to those who mourn, and neither good nor bad to the deaf.
None are more taken in by flattery than the proud, who wish to be the first and are not.
Will and intellect are one and the same thing.
I call him free who is led solely by reason.
True virtue is life under the direction of reason.
Freedom is absolutely necessary for the progress in science and the liberal arts.
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love.
Be not astonished at new ideas; for it is well known to you that a thing does not therefore cease to be true because it is not accepted by many.
God is the indwelling and not the transient cause of all things.
