Dutch,Politician
If you exchange information internationally, you must strengthen data protection. Those are two sides of the same coin.
You can't get closer to the heart of national sovereignty than national security and intelligence services.
The key to tackling Islamist fundamentalism and terrorism from the Islamist community is in the hands of moderate Muslims.
If information ends up in the wrong hands, the lives of people very often are immediately at risk.
In intelligence work, there are limits to the amount of information one can share. Confidentiality is essential.
We are familiar with terrorism. But indiscriminate, cross-border, religiously motivated terrorism is new.
Indiscriminate attacks on civilians ought, under all circumstances, to be illegal in war as in peacetime.
In situations of military conflict, civil strife, lawlessness, bad governance, and human rights violations, terrorists find it easier to hide, train and prepare their attacks.
We still lack a global definition of terrorism.
We're still stymied by the old stand-off between those who wish to fight terrorism and resistance fighters.
Europe has a long and tragic history of mostly domestic terrorism.
We remain vulnerable. There is no such thing as 100 percent security against terrorism.
Terrorists always have the advantage of surprise.
Terrorists have failed in what is arguably al Qaida's most important objective - to trigger revolutions.
Terrorists have failed to trigger mass conflict between Muslims and non-Muslims in Europe. We should draw strength from that fact.
Ultimately, freedom and democracy are stronger than fear and tyranny.
In the fight against terrorism, national agencies keep full control over their police forces, security and intelligence agencies and judicial authorities.
The European Borders Agency in Warsaw has been created to help border forces in Europe cooperate more.
We have an integrated picture of the threat from outside and from within that is provided not only to our foreign ministers but also to our justice and interior ministers.
There are no automatic links between poverty and terrorism. Among millions of poor people in the world, only a few turn to terrorism.
The violent radicals do not legitimately represent the overwhelming majority of the world's Muslims.
It's important that we work very closely with moderate Muslim forces locally, nationally and internationally.
If you combat an international phenomenon, it is indispensable to share information internationally.
The central role in the fight against terrorism is with national authorities.
There is a series of sectors which could be severely disrupted by terrorist attacks, particularly if they were to happen in several member states simultaneously.
I remain optimistic. What we've seen in Europe and the rest of the world is that freedom has a much stronger attraction than radical fundamentalism.
