Dutch,Politician
As we all know from the Roman empire, big empires go down if the borders are not well-protected.
This is what the European Union is all about. A strong market with a strong currency.
I believe the United Kingdom will be worse off outside the E.U. It will not have the influence it has in the world today.
Our ability to create jobs, our future growth, is built on the free market. It's built on open borders.
We are a trading nation, and we are trading with Greece, Spain, Italy, Portugal and Ireland.
The good thing about the IMF is there is no European politics involved.
Never waste a crisis.
In the Netherlands, we have had a difficult year and we are now getting out of this difficulty. So we have now growth prospects for 2014.
The Netherlands and the UK are both seafaring nations and so our ability to create jobs and to generate future growth is built on the free market.
Our national prosperity is built on our open borders. However, the reality is that if a points system is introduced in the UK it would be unavoidable for us in the Netherlands to implement similar proposals - and inevitable that many other EU countries would follow suit.
We have pension funds with 1.5 trillion euros investments, and they want to find business opportunities in India.
I am absolutely convinced that the E.U. will still be around. I am convinced the U.K. will be sitting at that table and not negotiating an exit, but being there to stay.
Free trade creates jobs and prosperity in the Netherlands at the port of Rotterdam or the airport at Schiphol.
It's amazing how kind everyone is here in the U.S.
Leadership does matter.
I used to walk in the Bowery in the early 1980s, and it was not safe. It went from this to Disneyland under Giuliani and Bloomberg. This is now one of the best-run big cities in the world.
No one wants to kill Schengen, but if it is only a fairweather system, then it cannot survive.
I am from the Netherlands, so that means we like to stick to the rules, and we like to stick to the deal, and we like countries to do what they have promised.
Countries themselves need to do everything possible to remain in the euro zone.
The U.K. is outward-looking, trade-oriented, growth-oriented, and we do not have enough of that storyline, that tradition, that culture within the European Union.
Before we kill Schengen, we have to make Dublin work.
We need Britain not only to stay in the E.U. but to be very active in it.
I was very much surprised by the Johnson/Gove proposals to make it harder for Europeans to work in the U.K. if Britain were to vote to leave the E.U.
England has collapsed politically, monetarily, constitutionally, and economically. It is not reasonable to demand from them to trigger Article 50.
David Cameron has a lot of credibility and influence.
Monti is a person who is an expert on both the political and professional level.
