Dutch,Musician
Using social media to hurt and destroy is callous, acted out by cowards hiding behind computers. My advice is to ignore negativity. Focus on the love around.
I'm just having fun. I go in the studio, and I have no idea what I'm going to do, what I'm going to make. I'm going to make whatever I feel like making.
I want to show everyone that if you pursue your dreams, they can come true no matter what. That's what I want to do.
Education is a cause very close to me. What matters is encouraging my fans to focus on their education, because only an educated generation can ensure a better future. Even when I was on tour, I did my homework and studied.
Of course I party. Of course I go chase girls. Again, for me, balance is important. One hundred per cent, my work goes first. Martin Garrix is my main priority. But to maintain Martin Garrix, I have to enjoy my downtime.
I think I will never stop working with music; it has become a part of who I am.
I watched my idol and fellow Dutchman Tiesto. He was the first DJ to play live on stage at an Olympic event - the Opening Ceremony of the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens. At eight years old, all I can remember thinking was, 'I want to be a DJ.'
For me, having a balance between work and personal life is very important.
I like myself still kind of being... because DJs used to be the background guy - the guy who was just doing the music - I see myself more as that guy than being on the stage.
When I come up with a melody in my head, it could be anywhere: in the shower, on the plane, in bed - often when I'm on the go. I'll record it on my phone with my own voice, humming. When I get to the studio, I check which melodies work.
When 'Animals' released, I still had one year left in school, so it was, like, super weird. I had number one in the U.K., and I would still go to school five days a week. They made, like, a schedule when I could tour and when I had to be home for tests. But my team made it happen. My parents, they helped as well.
I played the Spanish guitar for eight years, like flamenco.
Lately, I love creating ideas on my acoustic guitar. I sit in my living room for hours trying different chords.
The hardest part for me is to finish a track. I start new projects all the time.
I get to travel the world doing what I love to do - making other people happy... They might not even understand my words, but the one thing everybody understands is music.
I will never, never ever sing on stage, but when I'm in the studio, I do sing melody lines. When I'm working with singer-songwriters, and I hear melodies, I can guide them. I will be like, 'Oh no, do this this this.' But you will never hear my voice on a Martin Garrix track.
My parents even let me switch schools, to leave my regular school to go to the producer's school, because I told them producing is what I love to do, and it makes me happy to share my music and my passion with others. I was dreaming to go to that school. I begged them. They were like, 'Yah, know what? If you are happy, we are happy.'
I'm very positive - music-wise, production-wise and life-wise.
I'm a computer nerd. I'm behind my computer, like, 12 hours a day making new music.
I'm always excited to see the reaction of the crowd when I'm playing a new song.
It's great to surprise people. If you do the same thing all over again, which people expect you to do, they're going to get bored.
I would love to work with Pharrell one day. Like, my biggest dream.
For me, I don't feel all the pressure. I make music, and I release it because I like it myself and I want my friends to hear it from me.
The bigger your songs get, the bigger the festivals you play at will be, until you make it to Ultra. It happened super quick for me. I'm still in shock, actually. I have to pinch myself a lot.
I wanted to have a label to not only release my own stuff but to also give young talent a chance to release their music without signing away their life. I had a great time with Spinnin', and the people I worked with were amazing, but the contract wasn't really for me. It wasn't what I wanted.
When I was nine, ten, I was super young, but I installed a program on my computer so I could start producing music. I just started messing around. Then, after a couple of years, I got better. I actually learned some tricks, so I knew what I was doing instead of just messing.
