Dutch,Athlete
Manchester United breathes football.
Arsenal will always come first. You name them - Henry, Vieira, Pires, Bergkamp. People saw these stars shine, and they thought: 'Is there life after Vieira, Pires or Bergkamp?'. But look at what happens here. At Arsenal, you always see young, fresh talent grow into the same role as those stars who have left. Other players have replaced them.
Playing for a Champions League place is not enough. It is not my target, but it is a target we have to take.
What I need to address are the situations when people are taking it upon themselves to think for me, make assumptions, or interpret things as if they are me. Last time I checked, my head was still attached to my body, so I'm the only one who knows exactly what I'm feeling, and that is not what I or the fans have been reading.
I highly appreciate the work of Ed Woodward, the CEO of Manchester United.
Midfielders, on average, get somewhere between half a second and a second to think before they have to move the ball on. For strikers, however, it is significantly less: between 0.1 and 0.2 of a second before a defender is on them.
Everyone knows me by now. I love football. I am quite principled in that perspective. It is always difficult to find the perfect match, but I do feel this is the perfect match for me.
You can count my interviews this season on one hand, so maybe when I do speak, people want to turn it into something sensational.
I've always said that I want to win as many trophies as possible in my career, but not at any price.
If you don't know something, just go and ask.
Now I know a lot about my body, like how important it is to eat well, as it makes you stronger in the end and helps prevent injuries. Or when you train, do you just start to shoot, or do you have a good warm-up first?
I live on having a challenge when the line is really thin. I like it the most when you have no clue what is going to happen.
I don't see things the way my parents do. They can look at a tree and see something amazing, whereas I just see a tree. That's not to say I don't appreciate its beauty. When I watch the sea in somewhere like Sardinia, I see the beauty in that.
When I look at a football pitch, I suppose, yes, I see it as my canvas. I see solutions, possibilities, the space to express myself. I am always looking for ways to be creative, to gain an edge.
I wasn't artistic in drawing or painting, but I think I am artistic in sport. I think I'm always looking for the ultimate, the maximum. It's a challenge that excites me.
Football has always been my great love. I slept with a ball - really! Even when I started going out with Bouchra - ouha! She must have thought, 'What's this...?'
When I was five, I joined a club, 'Excelsior', the club of Kralingen, in the first division. I was always training. On a free afternoon, I did individual work with Aad Putters, my youth trainer. Not with the idea growing to be a star, but for fun.
When friends wanted to go to the centre of town, they took a bus or tram. I took the ball and went running after them. School was hell because I had to put the ball on the ground. Outside, I was free, playing the ball.
Everybody who comes to my home has to play at least one set against me. I beat them all. The best thing is when they want another set. People like me who can't stand not to win. I beat them again and again until they are furious, then I laugh. That's funny.
Over the last few years, I've started to look more closely at the way coaches work to learn from them - not just here at the club but with the international team as well.
I've worked with some brilliant coaches, and I've taken a real interest in all the methods they use and the choices they make. And I can tell you that Moyes's sessions and the things he says in his team meetings are spot on.
I don't mind if my performances get dissected and people criticise what I've done on the pitch. They can talk about my game 24/7 for all I care. And a lot of those opinions and criticisms may actually be right. So I don't mind that.
Every big player who leaves Arsenal is a massive loss. But no player here is bigger than the club.
Great players must always produce and at any time or in any game. Give them a ball and a pitch, and they will show what they've got. That relaxed, calm spirit you don't really have when you are young.
Arsenal fans are real lovers of the game. They don't miss anything in the stadium and are there for the team and the individual players. I have to admit I love banners like 'We don't need Batman, we've got Robin' and stuff like that.
At home in Manchester, I have a recreation room just like I had in London, with all kinds of jerseys on the wall. In the middle, there's a table to play tennis.
