Dutch,Artist
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
I dream of painting and then I paint my dream.
I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the day.
For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream.
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.
There is no blue without yellow and without orange.
I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process.
I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
Paintings have a life of their own that derives from the painter's soul.
I am still far from being what I want to be, but with God's help I shall succeed.
There may be a great fire in our hearts, yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it, and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke.
In spite of everything I shall rise again: I will take up my pencil, which I have forsaken in my great discouragement, and I will go on with my drawing.
Even the knowledge of my own fallibility cannot keep me from making mistakes. Only when I fall do I get up again.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
Painting is a faith, and it imposes the duty to disregard public opinion.
Poetry surrounds us everywhere, but putting it on paper is, alas, not so easy as looking at it.
Conscience is a man's compass.
It is not the language of painters but the language of nature which one should listen to, the feeling for the things themselves, for reality is more important than the feeling for pictures.
It is better to be high-spirited even though one makes more mistakes, than to be narrow-minded and all too prudent.
A good picture is equivalent to a good deed.
Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.
I see drawings and pictures in the poorest of huts and the dirtiest of corners.
One must work and dare if one really wants to live.
The way to know life is to love many things.
As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed.
