Norwegian,Musician
In this big ball of people, I'm just one grain of sand on this beach.
You simply have to accept that your demons are a part of you.
Music is this divine thing, the closest that we can get to something divine. It's like this instinct we all own, and some of us have found a way to hear that music and write it down and share it with people.
Young people can create beautiful things.
It's a very strange thing being recognized or looked upon as someone special.
The world around me has changed, and I have learned to adapt but not change. But I'm changing into the woman I am meant to be.
It's very fun to be the hunter of the sounds. The hunter of the right energy. And it's not really about if every sound is correct; it's more the energy - if it hits you in some way, it doesn't really matter to me if it's not perfect. I'm still very excited while hunting for songs.
If I see a mountain, I just pick up and hike it.
If you try to protect yourself from pain, it becomes a stone in your heart. But the more you learn to face things, the more likely that stone can become a pearl.
I don't understand why or how we can bully each other.
Bob Dylan and Leonard Cohen. They're my biggest heroes. I love everything about Leonard Cohen: his lyrics and his voice. He seems like a really clever man, and Bob Dylan does as well. He's just really cool.
Bob Dylan is like an alien on this earth, and I love him! I cried when I saw him play live because I was so close to him.
I absolutely adore Christmas.
I love all kinds of insects, and I've heard Australia has some really interesting bugs.
Talent is something that comes from within; it has nothing to do with age.
My age is very insignificant to me. I don't think about it, but the world does. The world likes young people in general.
Luckily for me, people don't scream at me that much in my everyday life.
It's very unnatural to be someone for so many people. But of course it's very nice.
I think I have the nicest fans in the world, and I quite like being surrounded by people if we're all feeling the same emotion in the same room.
I never dreamed of being a pop star when I was a child.
I just wanted to be a songwriter. I did really not like the sound of my own voice.
I like being able to be on the inside of music, rather than on the outside listening to it.
I'm so happy I discovered early how wonderful music makes me feel.
At first, I wasn't really keen on the idea of me being on stage having to sing in front of people.
I'm such an emotional and sensitive person, so it only makes sense that my songs are as well.
I'm constantly trying to find new ways to get my hair out of my face.
