Norwegian,Musician
There's just a completely different vibe at festivals. Everyone gets to hang out and enjoy their favorite music all day. I really do try and play as many festivals as possible!
I just like playing songs with happy vibes and good feelings.
I feel like music can affect you in so many ways. When you hear a song with a happy melody, it can change your mood; it can change your day.
When I am back home, I have an upright piano and I play constantly.
If you do the same thing all the time, it's not very challenging.
I called it 'Cloud 9' because that's the place I want to take people when they are listening to my music. It's also where I am when I make music.
I want to be known simply as a producer who makes music.
I'm so happy people have enjoyed listening to my tracks.
I really do try and play as many festivals as possible.
I've got a great team around me with my family, manager and label, and we've all worked hard together to make things happen.
The opportunity to be a part of the closing ceremony of the Olympic Games in Rio is a huge milestone in my career, and it will be the biggest performance of my life.
I've really enjoyed working together with Apple to help launch their new streaming service. It is really cool to see Apple getting involved.
I started studying business and finance in Edinburgh as a backup plan. I was still making music many hours a day, and when I was at university, the electronic music boom started really taking off globally.
The difference between doing a remix and an original track is that when you do a remix, you obviously already have the original track as a starting point. But with the originals you start from scratch.
When I go into a store and find a T-shirt that's well-designed with a great fabric but the fit is all wrong, the T-shirt is ruined for me.
I'd love to work with some of the people I've remixed for - Ed Sheeran or Chris Martin or The Weeknd. But it's not just big names like these guys that I want to collaborate with.
Edinburgh has a similar climate to Bergen - it's very rainy and grey. There were a lot of days I'd sit inside in front of the computer, make music, and dream about summer - instead of the rainy reality outside.
When I'm on the road and it's super stressful, it definitely affects my music. When I'm hanging out with my friends and my girlfriend and things are good in my life, then it's better.
When I get up there, maybe I'm nervous for the first song, but then I get into it. It's a lot of fun to stand up there. I always enjoy the moment when I'm actually standing on stage. When I'm done, I'm like, 'Oh, I want to play one more song.'
I really like streaming services. It's a great way for people to find your music.
'Coming Over' was probably the fastest collaboration I've ever done.
I don't like to classify my own tracks as a genre.
I'm just trying to experiment with a lot of different stuff and see what comes out of it.
I get better and better every day, but there is still a lot to learn.
I get into a zone where I'm really in my own world when I make music.
Avicii's melodies were so simple and cool, and they were actually similar to the melodies I played on piano. I thought if I could teach myself how to produce and get those melodies out of my head and into the computer, maybe I could make some cool music, too.
I hate being put in a box labelled 'tropical house.'
Compared to EDM, I feel like there are a lot of girls at my shows.
A lot of producers don't have any musical education. I couldn't make the music I make without playing the piano.
When I make a song, I'm really happy. It's an indescribable feeling.
When I travel too much, it affects the music, and that is the most important thing. As long as I make good music, I can play shows, but if the music starts getting bad, the show offers won't come.
There's nothing like playing at home.
Coldplay doesn't have to stay within a certain genre; they just go where they go.
SiriusXM has had my back ever since day one when I was making remixes in my dorm room at university, and it means a lot that they're supporting my music as I prepare to release my debut album, 'Cloud Nine.'
I love finding talents to pair my music with such as Conrad on 'Firestone', Parson James with 'Stole the Show,' and Will Heard on 'Nothing Left.'
I've been a sports fan forever.
2015 has been a crazy year for me, and Spotify have supported me right from the start. It's an honour to be their Breakout Artist of the year, and I'm super excited to see what we can do together in 2016!
I consider myself more of a producer and a musician than a DJ.
Edinburgh is where I started. A lot of the remixes I made were done in my room there, and it was a good place for me to make music.
It's a cool feeling to see how far my music has been spreading.
People don't really listen to albums anymore. They just find good songs.
I am proud to perform at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert.
I like to try to keep my music happy because it can make other people happy. And that's the way I feel when I listen to Avicii's songs. I get happy because his melodies are so happy.
I really like melodies.
I think people were looking for something new in the EDM scene and found it in my music.
All my collaborations happen in different ways. Sometimes it's through a chance meeting at a festival or event, while others can happen just off the back of me liking their music and reaching out.
To finally be able to actually play the piano with vocalists and actually do, like, a proper concert - that feels really good.
When I started making my tracks in the style that people call tropical house, I didn't do it on purpose to make it sound tropical. I made whatever I felt sounded good. I just wanted to make my own thing, and then suddenly people started calling it tropical ... I'm like, 'Yeah, that's probably a good name for it.'
I don't want to make just tropical house. I want to make everything, just like, whatever I feel like making.
I just want to keep challenging myself and keep, like, trying new things.
I feel like when I get the demos - I get a lot of demos - but when I get the right demo, I get very inspired. I produce around it, and it often goes very fast.
What I really enjoy and what I do in the studio is play keyboard.
I like bringing keyboards and stuff on stage.
