Puerto Rican,Musician
I definitely try to be myself and not try to imitate other performers. That's why I got my music degree. I wanted to be prepared and not be a 'product.' I want people to know that I'm not only a singer but a musician as well. I studied guitar, piano, and composition. I believe that it's just about being myself on and off stage.
Just when you think we're living in a little bit of a divided world, music brings us together.
I'm going through a beautiful stage in my life. I've learned about love, about life, about everything.
I am 100% proud Puerto Rican but have lived two-thirds of my life in the United States. So, there will be some things I write in English, but my main way of conversing with my audience is in Spanish because, at the end of the day, I'm a Latino.
I've learned and grown as a songwriter.
I treat every album as a new beginning, so I'm asking myself, 'What is pop music now? What are people consuming?' and I take these things into effect.
Everybody lives their lives differently. They have a different perspective. They've been through different things in love. They've cried about different things.
It doesn't matter where we're from, we all have to stick together and help each other out as performers and as human beings.
I've worked my butt off. That keeps my feet on the ground - I'm the same Luis Fonsi onstage and at home cooking an omelette in basketball shorts.
It's crazy how the world evolves and the audience gives you an opportunity to really grow and live out your dreams.
Ricky Martin just kind of opened a big door, but it's always been around. Latin artists have always been there, but some of them were never doing it in the U.S.
My genre is the pop ballad with a touch of R&B.
That is the most important thing to me, what happens behind the closed doors in the studio and makes me an artist.
Everybody has their cliques, and I was very shy. I'm still very shy. Music opened up doors. I would get to my choir class, and I was sort of one of the better kids... I could read music. That's when I realized how good El Coro de San Juan was. I felt, for once, like, hey, I can fit in.
My family is the engine of everything, and on a personal level, I feel peace, stability, and they give me force, which is reflected on my work, my recordings, and every time that I go out on tour. They are my base, my everything.
I've always said that inside of me there is a rocker that wants to come out, but I'm a romantic rocker.
You kind of grow up and evolve in everything you do.
It's always morning for me until 4 in the afternoon.
It's important to stay current and fresh.
I talk bilingual.
I'm not a social singer. But if one can take a social message via the romantic, that's a strong statement.
Part of our job as quote-unquote 'celebrities' is that we can gather people around things that are important. I think it should be a requisite - there should be a clause in the contract that you have to give back.
Whenever I get a little chance to get to Orlando, I like to take a couple days' break with the family, just hang out, go clubbing around town.
My style has a lot to do with where I've been brought up. I've lived half my life in Puerto Rico and the other half in Florida, so I listen to music in English as well as Spanish.
In my player, I have a Luis Miguel CD as well as a Brian McKnight CD. I'm known for my very romantic ballads as well as the fun, up-tempo pop songs.
Performing on Broadway is an honor and a challenge for any artist.
The genre I listen to the most is salsa, so people look at me and see this guy who's done mostly romantic ballads, but there's always been this other side.
Pushing the envelope, musically speaking, is what needs to be done to rise to the top.
