American,Historian
It is advertising and the logic of consumerism that governs the depiction of reality in the mass media.
The effect of the mass media is not to elicit belief but to maintain the apparatus of addiction.
The attempt to redefine the family as a purely voluntary arrangement grows out of the modern delusion that people can keep all their options open all the time.
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
The left ask people to believe that there is no conflict between feminism and the family.
Most of these alternative arrangements, so-called, arise out of the ruins of marriages, not as an improvement of old fashioned marriage.
Most people no longer live in nuclear families at all.
The left dismisses talk about the collapse of family life and talks instead about the emergence of the growing new diversity of family types.
The family wage has been eroded by the same developments that have promoted consumerism as a way of life.
A child's appetite for new toys appeal to the desire for ownership and appropriation: the appeal of toys comes to lie not in their use but in their status as possessions.
Ideologies, however appealing, cannot shape the whole structure of perceptions and conduct unless they are embedded in daily experiences that confirm them.
The question of the family now divides our society so deeply that the opposing sides cannot even agree on a definition of the institution they are arguing about.
When liberals finally grasped the strength of popular feeling about the family, they cried to appropriate the rhetoric and symbolism of family values for their own purposes.
Information, usually seen as the precondition of debate, is better understood as its by-product.
A society that has made 'nostalgia' a marketable commodity on the cultural exchange quickly repudiates the suggestion that life in the past was in any important way better than life today.
Knowledge is what we get when an observer, preferably a scientifically trained observer, provides us with a copy of reality that we can all recognize.
The job of the press is to encourage debate, not to supply the public with information.
Today Americans are overcome not by the sense of endless possibility but by the banality of the social order they have erected against it.
A growing awareness of the depth of popular attachment to the family has led some liberals to concede that family is not just a buzzword for reaction.
Adherents of the new religious right reject the separation of politics and religion, but they bring no spiritual insights to politics.
Because it equates tradition with prejudice, the left finds itself increasingly unable to converse with ordinary people in their common language.
Because politics rests on an irreducible measure of coercion, it can never become a perfect realm of perfect love and justice.
Conservatives have no understanding of modern capitalism. They have a distorted understanding of the traditional values they claim to defend.
Conservatives sense a link between television and drugs, but they do not grasp the nature of this connection.
Conservatives unwittingly side with the social forces that contribute to the destruction of traditional values.
Environmentalism opposes reckless innovation and makes conservation the central order of business.
The proper reply to right wing religiosity is not to insist that politics and religion don't mix. This is the stock response of the left.
The reporting of news has to be understood as propaganda for commodities, and events by images.
The same historical development that turned the citizen into a client transformed the worker from a producer into a consumer.
Traditionalists will have to master techniques of sustained activism formerly monopolized by the left.
We are all revolutionaries now, addicts of change.
Every age develops its own peculiar forms of pathology, which express in exaggerated form its underlying character structure.
In an individualistic culture, the narcissist is God's gift to the world. In a collectivist society, the narcissist is God's gift to the collective.
