English,Historian
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
I never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions I have no respect.
Fanaticism obliterates the feelings of humanity.
History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.
We improve ourselves by victories over ourselves. There must be contest, and we must win.
Style is the image of character.
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Our sympathy is cold to the relation of distant misery.
The laws of probability, so true in general, so fallacious in particular.
Corruption, the most infallible symptom of constitutional liberty.
Revenge is profitable, gratitude is expensive.
The various modes of worship which prevailed in the Roman world were all considered by the people as equally true; by the philosopher as equally false; and by the magistrate as equally useful.
All that is human must retrograde if it does not advance.
Every man who rises above the common level has received two educations: the first from his teachers; the second, more personal and important, from himself.
Hope, the best comfort of our imperfect condition.
The style of an author should be the image of his mind, but the choice and command of language is the fruit of exercise.
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
The pathetic almost always consists in the detail of little events.
I am indeed rich, since my income is superior to my expenses, and my expense is equal to my wishes.
The end comes when we no longer talk with ourselves. It is the end of genuine thinking and the beginning of the final loneliness.
It has always been my practice to cast a long paragraph in a single mould, to try it by my ear, to deposit it in my memory, but to suspend the action of the pen till I had given the last polish to my work.
In every deed of mischief he had a heart to resolve, a head to contrive, and a hand to execute.
Books are those faithful mirrors that reflect to our mind the minds of sages and heroes.
My early and invincible love of reading I would not exchange for all the riches of India.
The author himself is the best judge of his own performance; none has so deeply meditated on the subject; none is so sincerely interested in the event.
