South Korean,Actress
I love that feeling of just finishing a workout and knowing I'm taking care of my body. It is such a good feeling.
Live in the moment, day by day, and don't stress about the future. People are so caught up in looking into the future, that they kind of lose what's in front of them.
Healthy foods are great, but it's important to keep your body active. Your muscles only get stronger and build more endurance for everyday things if you're moving and get the blood pumping. Exercising stimulates certain brain chemicals and can put you in a better mood!
If there's something in the kitchen I like, it must be eaten. I try not to leave any snacks I wouldn't want to eat on a daily basis in the cupboard.
I'm not a girl to wear a lot of bright color, but including a touch of color can pull an outfit together. I'm from New York and wear a lot of black, and color is refreshing.
I liked to scrapbook and collage a whole lot in high school. I'm always ripping things out of magazines, and always collecting quotes from the Internet. When I was 17, I loved AIM. I was obsessed with my buddy list!
I learned to focus and work hard and not give up. I learned that every obstacle is really an opportunity.
I wanted to be a vet when I was little, so it never really dawned on me that acting was my career, it sort of chose me more than I chose it.
I speak about family and adoption because it 100% changed my life and who I am. It definitely played a very large role into just learning how to be grateful for what you have and being fulfilled in a way that a lot of adopted kids don't feel.
I always had a strong support system. My parents always supported the stuff that I did.
I always say leave things at the door. Whether it's at your audition or at your house, leave the problems of the day away. Keep persevering, stick to yourself. Don't do what other people ask, do what you want!
When I was 17, I worked at a bagel shop - I ate so many! I was also in all the school musicals, which we rehearsed for during the afternoons.
Since my initials are J. U., people called me Ju. Or Jujube, like the candy.
High school isn't necessarily the best time of your life.
I had been wanting to work out with a trainer for a very long time. I always had a good cardio regimen, but I didn't know how to tone up or use weights properly - and I wasn't sure where to start.
Being in the limelight with 'Glee,' I've definitely felt pressure to stay fit. But honestly, you have to ignore it.
I love the sassy skinnies; that's what I usually wear.
My style overall is whatever is comfy, whatever I feel like wearing that day that I feel good in. I have some really classic pieces that I can dress up, dress down, wear to the movies or wear to a really nice dinner. And I love a really good leather jacket.
I definitely have hips, and I'm shorter, so I like to make my legs look longer. I'll wear shorts or pants that elongate my legs. I'm not a tiny, skinny toothpick. I definitely like to show off my waist and my butt.
If you say, 'You've made it,' then you kind of come to a standstill, and I don't think any actor wants to do that.
I was five or six when I joined SAG, and Equity I joined when I was nine.
I went to performing arts high school, and I took dance and acting every day. Then, I went to Marymount Manhattan College and I have a B.A. in acting, with a concentration in theater performance and a minor in musical theater. I studied there for three years.
I'm always looking for something different to do at the gym.
I get a lot of fan mail from girls. It's interesting because it's not just the U.S. - you get things from people all over the world. They send these postage stamps and you're like, 'Where do you live?' It's crazy. I'll get letters from the troops, too.
I always leave a box of unsalted almonds in my house. A handful of those are a good snack that should keep you satisfied.
I started when I was in 'The King and I' when I was on Broadway when I was nine.
