South Korean,Director
When you first hear Mozart's music, your first impression is that it's very alive, but if you peel away the layers, you can hear sorrow and sadness behind it, and that's what I try to be: multi-layered.
The point of revenge is not in the completion but in the process.
Lots of people think the violence in the films I make is overwhelming, but they think they're seeing something that they aren't seeing.
If you would ask me what my ideal process is, I would say, long pre-production, long production and long post-production.
When it comes to remaking my own films in the English language, I can only imagine that it is a very boring process, I wouldn't ever dream of it.
Becoming a vampire means completely changing your identity.
I love Philip Glass' work, not only as a film composer but also as a musician. The film score work that he does always amazes and shocks me.
I'm not the kind of director who aims to send a message out.
The reason I want to show shocking things is that they always pose an ethical question.
I believe 'love' is very nice to hear, but it's used so much that it's come to a point where it's almost meaningless.
When I was growing up, we were taught in school that North Koreans, and especially the North Korean leadership, were all devils.
I believe there are more films that involve love and forgiveness than violence, but they often seem fake and are almost embarrassing to watch.
I guess I probably make violent films partly because I can't express my anger in my real life very well.
The atmosphere of Catholicism in Korea is quite different to the way it is practised and perceived in Europe or the U.S.
I'd like to do a really masculine film.
I'd love to do a sci-fi movie, a western, or an espionage thriller. But I'm not going to limit myself. If a good script comes along, I'm not going to discount it because it doesn't fit into one of these genres.
Certain subjects may no longer be taboo in cinema. But there are ways to treat them that still create shock.
I've read all of Sarah Waters's novels which have been translated into Korean.
Whenever I visit a city, I like to see what classical music concerts are on offer.
There's a humble beauty about listening to period instruments that I like.
I don't usually watch a lot of TV, but 'Mad Men' changed my perspective. I admire Matthew Weiner who came up with the idea and wrote such a great TV series, and the broadcasting company for being bold enough to air such a series.
Whether it's trivial or important, every choice has a moral aspect to it to a certain degree.
I am not going to do a film based on a bad scenario just to make a big Hollywood film or work with Hollywood stars.
When I grow older and less popular, there will come a time when I have to shoot films on low budgets.
I grew up in a very Catholic family. Up until puberty, I would go to a Catholic church every week.
When you consider the concept of vampirism, it is inherently part of a Western culture.
I cannot believe that violence depicted onscreen actually causes people to act out violently. That's oversimplifying the issue. If somebody commits a violent act after seeing violence in a movie, I think the question that needs to be asked is: would that person still have committed the act if he had not seen a violent film?
