American,Designer
I never intended being a business person I wanted to be a fashion designer.
When I look at designer books I am sometimes puzzled why they don't share their inspiration, when it's obvious somebody had such great inspiration.
Fashion should be fun and accessible.
Longing and desire goes further than instant satisfaction. That's human nature.
I think whenever people talk about the 'Anna Sui woman,' they're talking about someone that's probably kind of more downtown, and there's always like this ambiguity: Is she a good girl, or a bad girl?
Every time that I wanted to give up, if I saw an interesting textile, print what ever, suddenly I would see a collection.
I love going to flea markets especially when I am traveling, because I love seeing the stuff of other cultures, handicrafts and things with historical content.
No one has ever found a solution for not doing a fashion show.
I live for fashion.
Well, my whole thing is that I'm kind of like a show-off!
I think I'm a global citizen. My parents came from China, were educated in France and emigrated to the United States. And I think that opened up my mind to be able to live and work anywhere.
I love research. When there's something that I like, I want to know everything about it. I want to know exactly what was behind it, and where it went from there.
A piece of fabric can get me going.
Nothing's faster than the Internet.
I have a big responsibility to my licenses. All my licenses draw from and take ideas from the runway.
When I was starting, there were wool mills in the U.S. that could make you anything. The U.S. used to produce the most beautiful cotton denim in the world. Now all that is gone.
I don't have the luxury of making clothes just to make an effect. It can't be something totally frivolous, because my distributors have to have a successful season, too.
I think that fashion has become such a big business and with globalization we are on new territory at this point. We are not just designing for a country we are designing for a world now.
I think about that all of the time and I have this fantasy that I am going to work at a museum someday! I would love to do something like that!
I think you have to be in the right place at the right time. And understand that and know when it is your time and how you react to it and how you respond to it.
To me, fashion is like a mirror. It's a reflection of the times. And if it doesn't reflect the times, it's not fashion. Because people aren't gonna be wearing it.
At the point when I wanted to become a designer, I didn't think about, 'Oh, but I'm a woman,' just like didn't think about like, well, 'I'm Chinese' or that 'I'm in Michigan.' You know, none of those things were obstacles to me. I just had this idea that this is what I had to do.
I grew up in the suburbs of Detroit.
When punk really started to happen, it was a reaction against the disco craze of the time.
I always say the next big thing will happen in unexpected places - up and coming cities that aren't necessarily boom markets.
When I started my own business, my main reason for designing clothes was that I wanted to dress rock stars and the people who went to rock concerts. It didn't go beyond that aspiration at that point.
