American,Designer
The best thing is to look natural, but it takes makeup to look natural.
I certainly feel that an adult woman has a right to determine what happens to her life and body.
Levi's can produce many more Western jeans than we can and make them at a better price.
I'm in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold.
Commercials capture your attention, that's all.
I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful.
I think there's something incredibly sexy about a woman wearing her boyfriend's T-shirt and underwear.
I still drink vodka; I'm not an advocate of drinking, but I'm no angel. I don't like grass, because it just makes me hungry.
I won't allow myself to have tremendous fear.
I'm a sexual person, and that's reflected in my clothes and my advertisements.
I'm crazy, and I don't pretend to be anything else.
I'm more offended when someone's killed on television than when there's something that's sensuous or sexual. So what?
It seems there's always another rumor about my life; some people are simply talked about more than others.
People read things into my commercials that don't even exist.
I'm not a politician and don't want any part of politics.
I've met people who didn't even know there was a Calvin Klein; they thought it was just the name of a product.
The only way to advertise is by not focusing on the product.
When I started the business, I hardly went home. I became very driven about work and about my career.
I have the reputation of being easygoing. But inside, I'm like nails. I will kill.
I've been strong and determined all my life about many things I've wanted.
It's fun seeing my label on someone's behind - I like that.
AIDS is an absolutely tragic disease. The argument about AIDS' being some kind of divine retribution is crap.
We're not doing outrageous fashion; I make sports clothes that are relatively conservative, clothes that everyone wears.
What we're doing is fun - if you have any sense of humor at all!
There are a lot of gay people in fashion, but it's not as if every gay person is a great creator.
Anyone who is secure about herself shouldn't be threatened by the ads I do.
Women's Wear Daily can do more than any other publication to establish a designer.
You don't only worry about the people who hate or resent you; in a way, you're more worried about the people who love you.
