French,Designer
If you do what you love, it is the best way to relax.
A shoe is not only a design, but it's a part of your body language, the way you walk. The way you're going to move is quite dictated by your shoes.
A woman can be sexy, charming, witty or shy with her shoes.
The higher the better. It's more about an attitude. High heels empower women in a way.
A woman carries her clothes. But the shoe carries the woman.
High heels are pleasure with pain.
A shoe has so much more to offer than just to walk.
You know, you cannot be comfortable on a high heel shoes the way you would be in sneakers. But, you know, not everyone wants to be on sneakers. Sneakers are for different purposes.
Istanbul is inspiring because it has its own code of architecture, literature, poetry, music.
High heels empower women in a way.
I would say that a good shoe is exactly like a good wine. These shoes are going to stay and last for a long time.
When a woman buys shoes, she takes them out of the box and looks at herself in the mirror. But she isn't really looking at her shoes - she's looking at herself. If she likes herself, then she likes the shoes.
You need to believe in yourself and what you do. Be tenacious and genuine.
People say I am the king of painful shoes. I don't want to create painful shoes, but it is not my job to create something comfortable. I try to make high heels as comfortable as they can be, but my priority is design, beauty and sexiness. I'm not against them, but comfort is not my focus.
If I'm in Italy, I'm going to have a cappuccino and two small brioches and then a mix of orange and grapefruit. I don't drink tea in Italy.
Everyone wears what they feel great in or comfortable with.
There is an element of seduction in shoes that doesn't exist for men. A woman can be sexy, charming, witty or shy with her shoes.
I'll do shoes for the lady who lunches, but it would be, like, a really nasty lunch, talking about men. But where I draw the line, what I absolutely won't do, is the lady who plays bridge in the afternoon!
My father, who was a cabinetmaker, told me, 'Wood has a grain and if you go into the grain, you have beauty. If you go against it, you have splinters - it breaks.' And I took that as my view of life. You have to follow the grain - to be sensitive to the direction of life.
A naked woman in heels is a beautiful thing. A naked man in shoes looks like a fool.
Don't reject a shoe because you can't run in it. It's OK not to run.
If you're passionate about the world, and if you really look closely at everything around you, each thing can be transformed into a shoe, or into a part of a shoe.
There are few plants that are ugly. It's how you use them that may not be pretty.
When I have meetings scheduled so tight that I can't go to the loo, that's where I draw the line!
I think I have a part of myself which is a woman. When girls are together, they speak completely differently than when there is a guy around. But, with me, they don't see this masculine thing stopping them, and there is not this boundary.
One thing I detest, I have to say, is when a shoe is too soft, and it's molding to the foot. This is quite disgusting. And I really, really hate incredibly long shoes, where the last is very pointy, almost like Aladdin.
When I'm doing a store in a country, I always like to consider the concept of the country and the city.
I really wish I had invented the flip-flop. I love flip-flops. It's the one style of shoe I would be so proud of inventing: the Havaiana.
I'd already decided I wanted to design shoes after I saw a sign in the Museum of African and Oceanic Art forbidding high heels. Well, who could resist?
My relationship with shoes has always been linked to shoes, women, women in their shoes and performance.
If the height of the heel is the same as the length of your foot, it starts to look wrong. And if the heel is positioned badly on the sole, you get into ballerina territory, where the body is pushed into a very strange posture. You can exaggerate the arch only so much.
The highest heels I do are six-inch heels - but mostly only dancers can wear them, since they are used to being on point in ballet shoes.
No woman wants to have fat ankles.
Fashion isn't interesting when it comes from an uninspired place.
The shiny red color of the soles has no function other than to identify to the public that they are mine. I selected the color because it is engaging, flirtatious, memorable, and the color of passion.
Some people don't even know my name, but they know I am the man with the red soles.
I love flip-flops. It's the one style of shoe I would be so proud of inventing: the Havaiana.
I don't follow anything online. I am rather slow on that side.
I feel I am a role model to many, not just for my designs, but also for the fact that I started my own company with the help of my two friends. I became a success story, and people relate to that.
I perfectly understand the obsession with shoes. I myself am pretty obsessed. I have a few hundred pairs of shoes in general, because I've been collecting shoes for a long time.
Everyone has their dates. For me, it's 1991. I can place every memory of my life either before or after this date. It's the year I became an adult. My mother died, and I created my company shortly thereafter. I definitely would not have done it if she hadn't passed away.
I was born 20 years after my eldest sister. I was the pampered child. That kind of love gives you an almost unbreakable backbone. My mother had three kids before me. She let me be completely free. I just never had anything to beat myself up over.
I hate the idea of natural. For example, I prefer gardens to wild nature. I like to see the human touch. High heels are a complete invention - an extravagance. They're far from natural, but it's the impracticality that I adore. I prefer the useless to the useful, the sophisticated to the natural.
When a woman puts on a heel, she has a different posture, a different attitude. She really stands up and has a consciousness of her body.
There's nothing I liked visually of the period I was a child. There was no dream in it, and nothing sparkled.
People are proud of their tattoos. It's like a modern coat of arms.
I wanted to be a shoe designer, but I never thought it could be a profession. But what was the alternative? Doctor? Too dirty! Air-hostess? Maybe not! Then someone gave me a book on Roger Vivier, and, cheri, instantly I knew that was it!
The heel is engineering in itself. This little thing that supports the human weight has to have a precise balance.
For me there ain't no high heel high enough.
Shoes for men are about elegance or wealth, they are not playing with the inner character. That is why women are happy to wear painful shoes.
I mean, the shoe - there is a music to it, there is attitude, there is sound, it's a movement. Clothes - it's a different story. There are a million things I'd rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping.
I never was interested in being part of the fashion world - I just wanted to design shoes. I didn't even know 'Vogue' existed when I was growing up. 'Vogue,' what is that?'
My drawing for women is really curvy. My drawings for men are actually quite angular.
When I'm doing a store in a country, I always like to consider the concept of the country and the city. Ask what are the clothes of the city, what does this city represent for me?
Something I really hate more than anything else is clogs.
Part of my work is dedicated to artisanship and can only be done by very few people because it requires a specific technique. Being an artist is being at the service of yourself; I am at the service of other people.
I have no problem with the idea of comfort, but it is not an important thing aesthetically. If you look at a shoe and immediately say it looks very comfortable, in terms of design, it is not going to excite me. Of course, I am not putting nails in my shoes to ensure everybody is in pain, but a heel is not a pair of slippers and never will be.
The most outrageous shoe that I had to do was a shoe where the person gave me stones - precious stones - and say that I could do anything with precious stones.
I am interested in all things that celebrate and enhance the female form.
I am always surprised by who wears my shoes. This is a good thing. There is no type of woman, but all my women like to feel feminine. They are women who are happy to be women.
I am more feminist than feminists.
I am very bad at drawing. Seriously. I can draw shoes. That's about it.
I hate the whole concept of comfort! It's like when people say: 'Well we're not really in love but we're in a comfortable relationship.' You're abandoning a lot of ideas when you're too into comfort.
'Comfy,' that's one of the worst words! I just picture a woman feeling bad, with a big bottle of alcohol, really puffy. It's really depressing, but she likes her life because she has comfortable clogs.
The core of my work is dedicated not to pleasing women, but to pleasing men. Men are like bulls. They cannot resist the red sole.
I prefer buying things and figuring out where to put them later than regretting not buying them.
I never had the dream to be a great designer. My focus was just to do beautiful things.
It is extremely necessary to realize that the world doesn't only have one way of seeing things.
My mother's cross was given to me when she died. I like to have it always close to me.
Passage Vero-Dodat - I started my company on this passage. It feels as much home as it can!
I never liked my last name or my first name, but it's not as bad as Frigidaire, so it's fine.
One moves more slowly in heels. Walking fast is neither sexy nor engaging. Nobody notices the people who race around. If you're walking in heels, you've got time. It's much more attractive.
I sketch literally all the time; constructing a collection is like building a family - you have to have a certain balance. I isolate myself - I need to be concentrated for this so I leave Paris, I leave to a place without a phone.
Even if you don't like colours, you will end up having something red. For everyone who doesn't like colour, red is a symbol of a lot of culture. It has a different signification but never a bad one.
I was always shouted at by my teacher because I would draw straight on the table in the school.
My shoes are perfect for the very sexy woman who wants to be elegant.
Designing my shoes, I'm thinking timeless. Not trendy.
Being on a trapeze is like dreaming. I feel totally outside of myself when I'm flying. You know, designing shoes, my imagination is flying in my drawings.
If I could do shoes for anyone, it would be a special project for the Queen of England. She and the Pope are the ultimate clients.
I guess being French, I love Hollywood. I love Hollywood movies. Joseph Mankiewicz's 'All About Eve.' 'Mildred Pierce.'
Cinderella is not only an iconic character when it comes to beauty, grace and fairytale love, but also shoes.
In designing shoes for myself; I'm not thinking of a specific person or catwalk. I'm just not thinking of clothes at all. I'm always thinking of a naked woman, actually.
I like Adele, Mika, Natacha Atlas and a beautiful old record, 'An Evening with Belafonte/Mouskouri,' starring Harry Belafonte and Nana Mouskouri. What they have in common is they all have incredible voices. I am very much into voices. I would say I'm a fan of voices, not of sound. I'm a fan of singers, not of bands.
I remain faithful to bourbon sour. It's absolutely delicious. You'd have to ask a bartender what's in it, but I think if you know you might never have a drink. I also love a little rum, 7 years aged, brown, when it is chilly, before dinner.
I was born in Paris in the mid-1960s, and by the time I was 12 I had started going to the movies by myself. Most of the movies of that period never appealed to me. I didn't like the 'naturalism,' the sad or the 'down-to-earth' characters. What I wanted from film was fantasy, dreams, funny situations, extravagant decor - and beautiful women.
My job is designing shoes. It's work that happens behind the scenes, as they say, and that suits me just fine because in general I am a shy person. But sometimes I have these extroverted outbursts.
During breakfast there is something I cannot resist, apart from my boyfriend - it's actually the phone. I have a phone breakfast. Always. I call friends, boyfriend, family. Checking who is where. 'Is everything fine?' This is breakfast.
When I'm drawing, I'm drawing with the light, being completely open and creative. I can't draw in the evening. I need light and I need warmth if it is a summer thing, and I need cold if it is a winter collection. The good thing is that I have houses to go to whenever I'm working. I draw according to the place.
In France you cannot not have lunch. If you stopped the French from having lunch, you will have a second revolution, I can tell you this. Not going to work - it is part of the French privilege.
Breakfast is a peaceful moment for me, so I never have the radio on, no music, no noise around. The only noise that is permitted is people's voices. It's a way for me to wake up without too much of a high speed feeling.
Fruit in the morning is such a big joy for me. I like to grab fruit from the tree, et cetera. I don't feel that way with vegetables. Fruit, you can eat it at any time, any moment, in any type of situation. I like everything about fruit; I like the color.
I never wanted to design clothes. I never wanted to work for the fashion industry. Shoes sort of belong to the fashion industry, which is why I'm part of the fashion industry. But that's never been my thought. My thought since I was a child was really to design those shoes for girls on stage.
The highest heels I do are six-inch heels - but mostly only dancers can wear them, since they are used to being on point in ballet shoes. Their feet are arched.
I don't repeat that many styles if I can help, although some have become classics. I try not to repeat. I'd rather surprise people.
I buy Dries van Noten shoes. I love his clothes, too.
I never wanted to work in fashion. At age 12 or 13, I wanted to design for showgirls - for the theater! And I was crazy for the Hollywood of the 1950s: Dietrich, Elizabeth Taylor, Jennifer Jones. They were my idea of glamour - and Sylvie Vartan, the French singer.
There are a million things I'd rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping.
You're abandoning a lot of ideas when you're too into comfort.
The core of my work is dedicated not to pleasing women, but to pleasing men.
I'll do shoes for the lady who lunches, but it would be, like, a really nasty lunch, talking about men.
I hate the whole concept of the clog! It's fake, it's ugly, and it's not even comfortable!
If I could do shoes for anyone, it would be a special project for the Queen of England.
Even today, I am still very child-like while designing. It's a bit like Christmas - each of your designs you create is like unravelling your presents.
If you are not bored by life, and your primary motto is enthusiasm and if you like your friends, family around you, it all translates into your designs. That's what keeps the creativity alive.
When you are too specific on a target, it can drain you. Ask me where I will be when I am 60, and I will have no answer to give.
I think every market has lot of things in common, and at the same time, every market has lot of different things.
A house is very much like a portrait. I cannot disconnect houses from people. The thought of arrangement, the curves and straight lines. It gives an indication of the character at the heart of it.
If there is something I like, I buy it and then find somewhere for it. I buy first then I think.
If I'm in the country, my big idea is to do nothing. It means talking, it means cooking with the leftovers in the fridge - l'art d'accommoder les restes - it means gardening.
For women raised in the '70s, high heels can still carry a stigma; they're associated with being stupid, with just wanting to please a man. Other women find them empowering.
I'm a designer, and I think if you work in fashion, you have to give people fantasy.
I have this disease that if I feel good somewhere, I... buy a house.
To me, the word 'decadent' is so difficult to use; it's a very sensitive word, in a way.
At age 12 or 13, I wanted to design for showgirls - for the theater!
People tend to fear the ghosts in their own family. You feel these family curses and think, 'If it happened to my father, it could happen to me.'
Women like my shoes because they look good on them, not because they look good on the rack.
I'm not in the type of work where you should rest.
I never had a plan. I have to say, I'm very shocked when people start a company and say, 'In five years I want to launch a perfume, or in 10 years I want to have this.' How can you know?
Bhutan is a very serene country with an incredible history. It has an incredible group of great artisans.
Madonna is a feminist and has been doing more for the cause than all the grumpy feminists, who are giving nothing back by being grumpy.
I could not live with someone 24/7. I just never did, and I could never do.
Sometimes women feel uncomfortable when men stare at them when they try on shoes.
I don't like conflicts. I'm not a competitive person at heart. To be in the middle of turmoil is boring.
I listen to my stomach. It tells me when I am starving.
I am very much into voices. I would say I'm a fan of voices, not of sound. I'm a fan of singers, not of bands.
I guess, being French, I love Hollywood.
I love David Lynch's 'Mulholland Drive;' such a wonderful movie.
The shoe is very much an X-ray of social comportment.
People say I am the king of painful shoes.
Shoes for men are about elegance or wealth; they are not playing with the inner character.
Everyone has their dates. For me, it's 1991. I can place every memory of my life either before or after this date. It's the year I became an adult. My mother died, and I created my company shortly thereafter.
Necessity creates everything in my life.
You know, I'm behind my company. My company has been a big part of my life. And it's not that I been buying a company or that my father bought a company and tried to do something out of it. You know, it's not the same thing. It's my name, it's my company, it's my signature.
Being an artist is being at the service of yourself; I am at the service of other people.
Funnily enough, the most difficult style to do is the plain pump because it needs to look good on a variety of feet.
In a creative business, if you're happy, it will come out in your work. I don't see how you can be happy if you don't like the people you're working with and if they aren't a joy to have fun with.
I don't give away my shoes to celebrities for free. I'm only happy when people like what I do and make the effort to buy them. I would not be happy to see people in my shoes if I knew that they had to be paid to do it, that they had to be pushed.
A lot of women don't like when they're sort of fat, but a fat foot is as beautiful as a skinny foot. Think of Greek statues. Look how many people love the foot of the baby! There is something super-charming about the baby foot.
I haven't yet met a woman who told me, 'I wish I had shorter legs.'
