Designer
I went to department stores, and there was nothing that I really loved. All the shoes were too complicated, too crazy, too ridiculous, too extreme. The platforms were so high; the shoes were so ugly, covered in crystals and feathers and crap. I just thought, 'Maybe somebody wants a beautifully simple, sexy shoe that they can actually walk in.'
My shoes aren't minimalist, but they are about a new simplicity.
My retail partners, they are my brand ambassadors. They're the ones who are selling the shoes to women.
A sexy shoe is one that men like.
The shoes and the eyes are windows to a woman's spirit.
I never met a stripe I didn't like.
Avoid patent leather, pink, and crystals.
When I sit down and design, it's shoes that always appear.
I was lucky that I started very young, since I had a very clear idea of what I wanted to do. But my father is very conservative, and he never considered fashion to be a real career but something I could pursue as a hobby. He wanted me to be a doctor, and at one point, I thought of becoming a plastic surgeon.
I love to turn an idea that is in my head into reality.
I want to know who my client is. I see her on Instagram, but it's another thing to get to chat with her.
I've had many ideas come from clients.
America is our biggest market, and I really do believe if you can make it in New York, you can make it anywhere.
No one needs anything; they have to want it.
We do high heels, and people know us for that, but the idea of wearing a flat from day to night feels special.
People want fashion from us, whereas they might buy core styles from other designers.
Every woman looks good in a flamenco dress.
We have such a loyal following in London that we decided to open a shop, and I find Albemarle Street extremely charming and special.
I like the idea of sending my Aquazurra girls out with a lucky charm under their feet.
Historically, I think you can really judge a person by their shoes.
Shoes are very emotional. For women, they carry the message that you want to give to the world. One day you want to be sexy, or super powerful at your job - you wear a great pump. If you want to be on-the-go and running after your kids - you wear a great flat.
Women dress very much according to their moods, so when you see their shoes, it really shows you the character and what they want to show to the world, and what they are feeling at that time.
I have so much fun because I love to meet the women who wear my shoes and meet the clients. That, to me, is the best part - getting to know the faces of the people who actually wear my shoes and getting to have a conversation with them.
Florence is charming, cozy, beautiful, inspiring - it has so many great places to go to and so many unique things to see that you won't find anywhere else!
I started doing flats because women would always apologize for wearing them when they met me, as if they had to be in heels when meeting a shoe designer.
I wanted to create flats that are as chic as heels - flats you don't have to apologize for.
When people take advantage of you and make a business out of it, that's not nice.
Sometimes you design a shoe, and you think this one is a winner, but you never know when something will be such a crazy phenomenon.
For me, I knew the Christy flat was a beautiful shoe, but I had no idea the incredible trend that would follow - I mean, it's the most copied thing ever!
No one wears high heels all day, every day.
I want to make shoes that a woman can walk in. That's kind of what they're made for.
