American,Designer
I do take very good care of myself, and I'm always in love. And by that I mean I have an appetite for life. I'm in love with beauty and things and people and love and being in love, and those things I think, on the inside, show on the outside.
In mythology and palmistry, the left hand is called the dreamer because the ring finger on the left hand leads directly to the heart. I find it a very poetic idea. And that's why I only wear nail polish on my left ring finger.
I was born during an eclipse. I believe very much in astrology. If you were born on an eclipse it indicates your destiny is chaotic.
I love to think that animals and humans and plants and fishes and trees and stars and the moon are all connected.
I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success.
The minute that you bring a unicorn into a story, you know that it's a fairy tale or a fable, because unicorns don't exist as animals. They exist as fantasy creatures.
If you've never had a mother or a father, you grow up seeking something you're never going to find, ever. You seek it in love and in people and in beauty.
I don't like cold people at all. It makes me feel really insecure.
And it came to me, and I knew what I had to have before my soul would rest. I wanted to belong - to belong to my mother. And in return - I wanted my mother to belong to me.
I've had many, many loves. I always feel that something wonderful is going to happen. And it always does.
Everything in life is elusive.
All art, from the paintings on the walls of cave dwellers to art created today, is autobiographical because it comes from the secret place in the soul where imagination resides.
The heart of another is a dark forest.
The fame you earn has a different taste from the fame that is forced upon you.
I believe in marriage and fidelity.
A work of fiction is conceived very much the same way as a dream occurs in the mind of a sleeper.
I've been really very fortunate with the men I've been involved with. They've always really treated me very, very wonderfully. And whenever anything broke up, I was always the one to leave. So I think I've been really very, very lucky.
I don't think age has anything to do with what you write about.
In anything there has to be dark and light. There's a lot of joy in my paintings and a lot of darkness.
When anybody says, 'Why me?' Why is 'me' exempt?
The only thing that would ever embarrass me would be something I would write that would be badly written.
I can't bear to look at Paris Hilton and all that. I mean, it really doesn't grab me. I don't think she's interesting, and the sense of values seems sort of off-kilter.
I do spend money. I like to spend money, on houses - on furnishing houses. And I love to give presents to people. It's just in my nature to be that way. I always spent money I had. And I always spent what I made. I'm not stingy.
When I started travelling, I would go to a city and be on television and I used to get the question, 'Why do you work? If I were you, I'd just go and lie on a beach somewhere.' And I'd answer, 'Well, I wanted to make something of my life.'
If you don't have a father, you don't miss it, because you don't know what it is. It was really only when I married Wyatt Cooper that I understood what it was like to have a father, because he was just an extraordinary father.
I don't read anything about myself. As a child, there was something in me that was just instinctive. I want to be clear in my spirit, and I don't want to be blocked by things that get inside of you and kill you.
