British,Designer
Manufacturing is more than just putting parts together. It's coming up with ideas, testing principles and perfecting the engineering, as well as final assembly.
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.
Life is a mountain of solvable problems, and I enjoy that.
Engineers are behind the cars we drive, the pills we pop and the way we power our homes.
There's nothing wrong with things taking time.
If you really want to improve technology, if you want things to work better and be better, you've got to protect the person who spends a lot of effort, money, and time developing that new technology.
As an engineer I'm constantly spotting problems and plotting how to solve them.
I've fought court battles over my inventions before.
If robots are to clean our homes, they'll have to do it better than a person.
If you invent something, you're doing a creative act. It's like writing a novel or composing music. You put your heart and soul into it, and money. It's years of your life, it's your house remortgaged, huge emotional investment and financial investment.
Far too few designers put any thought into usability, ending up with a great product that's completely inaccessible.
I think people are realizing that engineering and science are extremely good degrees to get and you'll be very highly paid once you've got them.
The computer dictates how you do something, whereas with a pencil you're totally free.
You need a stubborn belief in an idea in order to see it realised.
Everyone has ideas. They may be too busy or lack the confidence or technical ability to carry them out. But I want to carry them out. It is a matter of getting up and doing it.
Business is constantly changing, constantly evolving.
One of the most fun inventions of my lifetime is the Mini.
People buy products if they're better.
So I think the winners in recession are the people who produce new technology that does things better, which people really want.
I was frustrated as a child when I had to use a vacuum. It had a screaming noise and the smell of stale dog and a lack of performance.
When you say 'design,' everybody thinks of magazine pages. So it's an emotive word. Everybody thinks it's how something looks, whereas for me, design is pretty much everything.
The wonderful thing about Apple technology is just how intuitive it is.
An inventor's path is chorused with groans, riddled with fist-banging and punctuated by head scratches.
Design and technology should be the subject where mathematical brainboxes and science whizzkids turn their bright ideas into useful products.
If you want to do something different, you're going to come up against a lot of naysayers.
I imported the first Mac into England in 1984; you know, the beige box. I imported what I think were the first four that came into England. I never opened the instruction manual. That was the best thing about it.
I grew up running miles of the Norfolk coastline. I'd think nothing of a six-mile run before breakfast. I still run, though not as far and not before muesli.
I'm not into politics but I am committed to a cause: ensuring design technology and engineering stays on the U.K. curriculum, alongside science and maths - grounding abstract theory, merging the practical with the academic.
Apartments are getting smaller on a whole. Houses are getting smaller. People don't need great big vacuums anymore.
The media thinks that you have to make science sexy and concentrate on themes such as rivalry and the human issues.
I don't believe in brands.
Goodness, I know nothing about nuclear energy.
At school, I enjoyed playing the bassoon. I was in the orchestra and played the melody when the other boys sang hymns at prayers time.
The Web is fascinating and transformative, but it's an easy, flashy, get-rich-quick option to the hard graft of proper industry.
My interest in film is sort of catholic - apart from science fiction and horror movies, I'll watch almost everything.
I hate science fiction.
I don't particularly follow the Bauhaus school of design, where you make everything into a black box - simplify it.
We need to encourage investors to invest in high-technology startups.
Today, computers are almost second nature to most of us.
Anger is a good motivator.
Nobody wants the expenditure of a lease on a factory which lasts 21 years. You can't plan 21 years ahead.
Insurance companies don't make anything.
I'm not a businessman.
I think the search engines are the new equivalent of publishing: an enabler of information.
Some people are academically inclined, some vocationally and we shouldn't penalise the latter.
Engineering is treated with disdain, on the whole. It's considered to be rather boring and irrelevant, yet neither of those is true.
Britain's great strength is its innovative, design and engineering natural ability and we're not using it.
It is an extreme perversion of capitalism if you can trade in something before you have even paid for it.
Emerging markets are hugely important.
What I often do is just think of a completely obtuse thing to do, almost the wrong thing to do. That often works because you start a different approach, something no one has tried.
In the past, the U.K. got away with selling things that weren't unusual. Now it's no use trying to export without having something that's unusual and better.
Engineering undergraduates should not be charged fees. They should receive grants, not student loans, and the government will get the money back long-term from increased exports.
I don't do something necessarily to make a big profit or because it's a logical business decision.
In the digital age of 'overnight' success stories such as Facebook, the hard slog is easily overlooked.
I myself scraped seven poor passes at O-level.
The one size fits all approach of standardized testing is convenient but lazy.
China has all the advantages in the world. But it doesn't have a history of free thinking, risk-taking pioneers - the kind of people the U.S. is built upon.
Arbitrary benchmarks cheat kids out of a fulfilling education.
When I started off, I was working in a shed behind my house. All I had was a drill, an electric drill. That was the only machine I had.
Fear is always a good motivator.
Designing aircraft and racing cars is an extremely exciting thing.
I don't design down to a price.
I own every share of my company, and I don't want to sell any of it.
China can and will be an invaluable trading partner to both the U.S. and the U.K.
Stumbling upon the next great invention in an 'ah-ha!' moment is a myth.
When you can't compete on cost, compete on quality.
Reality TV is anything but.
