British,Designer
I cannot look at modern buildings without thinking of historical ones.
The more of your private life you put into the public domain, the smaller your private life becomes.
Every decently-made object, from a house to a lamp post to a bridge, spoon or egg cup, is not just a piece of 'stuff' but a physical embodiment of human energy, testimony to the magical ability of our species to take raw materials and turn them into things of use, value and beauty.
I don't enjoy living in a white box flooded with light. I like shadows, small spaces, old furniture.
The thing that I champion is sustainability. My terror is that suddenly we see it as a luxury, not an essential. That's a danger.
What happened in 2008 stopped people in their tracks. People stopped looking at their homes simply as commodities to exploit and starting thinking about how they might personalise that space and make them less bland and more autobiographical, and that's healthy, I think.
Building a house from scratch in the middle of a field is a bit like building a prototype car. As with all prototypes, if you're building a car you usually have the luxury of producing several prototypes before you arrive at the production line version - so the opportunity for changing things is quite rich.
I don't look at what people do with their homes in terms of money, but the social and personal value of what they're trying to do and achieve.
I'm quite shy. Television presents an amplified version of yourself. When I'm on camera I'm pumping more adrenaline, I'm being a bit more engaging than I am in everyday conversation, but that's normal, isn't it? Otherwise nobody would want to watch.
I admire anyone that follows the road less travelled.
I've had my fair share of colds, which last longer than they should and can cause wheezing, so I avoid people who are sneezing like the plague and am scrupulous about hygiene and hand-washing.
There's nothing you can do about busted ribs. You just have to wait for them to pop back into place again.
A great deal of energy is wasted in hating people, and I can honestly say I've no wish to expend such a precious resource on being outraged about anyone.
Life involves other people and it is a compromise.
Your home should be about enriching the daily experience.
I've got a farm in Somerset, and I think it's God's own country. I love it.
Luckily I have never missed a day's filming or work due to asthma.
One mustn't mistake bling for excellence, just as one mustn't mistake quiet for mediocre.
Building your own home is about desire, fantasy. But it's achievable; anyone can do it.
I like the absurd and the surreal: the Coen brothers, Bunuel, Kubrick.
I'm really quite conscious of clothes and the way they fit and don't regret wearing anything. Not even the five-inch stack heels I wore with three-button high-waisters at comprehensive school. Regret is for wimps.
Building design isn't trendy.
Because I live in the countryside, I want a building which encourages me to have a fully formed relationship with the environment. It gives me an opportunity to not just be inside or outside, but in a range of contexts.
We are borrowing money from future generations. We are borrowing the carbon impact, the resource impact from future generations to get stuff cheap now. We have swept the dirt and dust from our society under the carpet - but this carpet is on other side of the planet.
I am a big fan of long drop, composting toilets - I like the cycle of using waste. When you have experienced one and seen what comes out of the bottom, it is amazing stuff. It's the most beautiful, driest, sweet-smelling compost.
People have got to get over the fear of not being able to trust others. I come across people who are very successful in their own sphere, and really believe they can do it all themselves, but they can't.
I've forgiven all my enemies - even those who have stolen money from me.
I was never a hugely successful theatre designer. I painted a lot of scenery and did the lighting, and my lighting business grew out of that.
