American,Designer
I believe in stopping work and eating lunch.
Luxury is a state of mind.
It was always sort of my dream to make handbags and I wanted a handbag that was very sharp, very structured, very tailored... I wanted a bag you could put all of your things in it, you can open it, you could close it, you could hid all your tricks, but it's not all lumpy.
Guys understand a waistline. They understand a silhouette.
You'll see the most perfect person, and you are like, 'God, she's, like, perfect.' And then she'll tell you everything that's not perfect. Everyone has their own special set of problems - in their own minds.
I like a very sexy silhouette, and I like to feel like when you put something on, you zip yourself into it, and you're secure in there.
I'm not an easy customer. My attention to detail could probably drive you mad. My eye still always goes toward the single flaw.
Enhancing a woman's silhouette and enhancing a woman's beauty - both contribute to enhancing her confidence, so they're synonymous, really.
Guys understand a waistline. They understand a silhouette. I dress for men.
Sometimes I like to watch TV, though I never get to watch any of the shows in real time. I'm a fan of 'Downton Abbey,' 'Boardwalk Empire,' and 'Boss.' There's a British series called 'Luther,' but in England, they think a series means four episodes. And I like 'Mad Men.' Otherwise, it's always good to unwind with a book.
I don't really measure success by anything other than if I am happy. That is success to me. Am I happy waking up every morning? And despite the challenges of running my own business, do I look forward to going to work? Absolutely.
I think everyone evolves over the years, but I have always had the silhouette that I know suits me. I am never going to wear a frothy, poufy thing that sticks out because I have found a style that works for me, and I stick with it.
Peruvian food is so simple yet amazingly flavored with their traditional spices.
I usually build my collections on colors and on staples, so when you buy pieces, you are really adding to your wardrobe, and you're getting a new color palette to play with. The clothes are timeless and modern at the same time.
The modern woman has a modern life, and most of us work. There's no time to change before we go out in the evening, so a dress should always look appropriate for day and night.
Random things are luxurious to people. It's personal.
Everyone has their own special set of problems - in their own minds.
My entertainment was going to the local dollar movie theatre on the weekend, where I watched old black and white movies. If you wanted current movies, you had to drive to the big city.
There's lots of things you pull out lipstick for.
If you don't feel good in it, don't wear it. Because it'll never look good. Any hesitation in the fitting room and just walk away.
I am a fashion designer, so I guess that makes me an overpacker.
I love a real-life, movie moment in living color.
I never eat where the hotel recommends. I do my own research and then try the most highly rated options.
I am only six foot three, by the way.
I dress for men.
The biggest part of my fashion choices is how comfortable it is.
Although my mother didn't necessarily approve of teenage girls wearing heels, she made an exception for me when I was 14 because she didn't want me to be self-conscious about my height - or to slouch.
Even though education was key in my family, I had no access to museums or art where we lived. I was a bit starved.
I was worried that in London I would be judged for who I know rather than what I do. In New York, I am known for fashion.
What resonates culturally with me about Japanese style is that it is very covered up but very sensual.
I love seeing women looking great in my clothes. I don't care who they are. I don't quantify people by celebrity.
I love to see women who are comfortable in their skin and dress to suit their body - that looks fabulous because it's authentic.
When you're creating a fragrance, you're always thinking about what you want that first smell to be, that first reaction. It's a sensation, like a symphony with all of those layers and notes. I love the way it changes and the way it dries down. The fun thing about scent is that it's unique to everyone; pheromones take on a new scent.
You don't need to wear Spanx if you buy my clothes. The dress, the trousers, the pencil skirt - they should do the work.
You always have to think in a new modern way, and you always have to push yourself in fashion because it's a big treadmill. You can't really get off it. You just have to move a little faster.
Weirdly, my nickname was Lady. I didn't get Stretch, or Stilts, or Spider Legs - I got Lady. I guess I was always a bit ladylike.
Everyone's curves fall in a different place. But you can't put something of mine on and not see curves.
I was so tall and so skinny - I was that kid who couldn't find anything to wear. All the cool kids would have jeans the right length and I would just think, 'What am I going to do?'
I wanted to create things that you can always pull out of your closet and rely on. I wanted to create a timeless, classic collection of clothing that you can keep expanding on.
If you don't feel good in it, don't wear it, because you'll never look good.
When I designed my first house in L.A., I didn't have any money - I did it all on my own. I liked that.
I don't think I realized the extremes of my proportions until I moved to Paris. I thought I'd be 'normal' as a model, but actually, even in that world, I was at one end of the spectrum.
I love an iPad game of Scrabble.
I always have to have my lipstick. Sometimes I have more than one shade: start with one color for the morning, one for night. Sometimes I have a couple shades just in case I need something more powerful for the day.
I like talking one-on-one to everyone. I find it really sort of cathartic and interesting to hear people's opinions.
I've always been very inspired by fashion. I've always been a big fan of style.
I just want to be known for what I do, not who I know.
When a garment is in sync with your body and its proportions, it looks and feels amazing, and in France that is something that all women know from a young age.
As a designer, when someone wears my clothes, the biggest compliment I can receive is that the woman looks amazing because my designs have flattered her, not taken over her. I take that philosophy to heart myself each morning when I am getting ready for the day.
I'm a fashion designer. I don't want to be defined as someone's girlfriend.
