English,Designer
The fashionable woman wears clothes. The clothes don't wear her.
Most of my memories of the Sixties are ones of optimism, high spirits and confidence.
People call things 'vulgar' when they are new to them. When they have become old, they become 'good taste.'
I saw no reason why childhood shouldn't last forever. So I created clothes that worked and moved and allowed people to run, to jump, to leap, to retain their precious freedom.
I absolutely adore cows. They're the most fascinating, gentle and beautiful animals. Their eyes are so amazing. I have ten that live on the land around my house. I love to talk to them. There are few things better than falling asleep in a field and being woken up by an inquisitive cow.
Fashion is not frivolous. It is a part of being alive today.
Good taste is death; vulgarity is life.
The real creators of miniskirt are the girls, the same that you seen in the streets.
Risk it; go for it. Life always gives you another chance, another go at it. It's very important to take enormous risks.
I think to myself, 'You lucky woman - how did you have all this fun?'
I liked my skirts short because I wanted to run and catch the bus to get to work.
In the first half of the 20th century, fashion was simply not a very English thing to do.
Jean Shrimpton was the most beautiful of all the models I have known. To walk down the King's Road, Chelsea, with Shrimpton was like walking through the rye. Strong men just keeled over right and left as she strode up the street.
Having money is rather like being a blond. It is more fun but not vital.
The fashionable woman is sexy, witty, and dry-cleaned.
When I opened my first shop, city gents were still carrying tightly furled umbrellas and wearing bowler hats. It was into this world that I launched my new ideas about fashion.
Let me give you an idea of Fifties Britain. The war had ended ten years before, and most people had returned to their gardens and allotments hoping life would revert to how it was before the hostilities.
I don't have birthdays.
I liked masculine fabrics: Prince of Wales checks, city pinstripes, and flannels - worn with black tights, flattish shoes.
Coco Chanel hated me. I can understand why.
I long for my garden to be complete. Working in it is one of my joys, but it will never be finished because it's forever changing with the seasons.
Fashion is a very ongoing, renewing thing, about change and reaching for the next thing. You are permanently dissatisfied, and it's always got to get better.
Fashion is a tool... to compete in life outside the home. People like you better, without knowing why, because people always react well to a person they like the looks of.
A woman is as young as her knees.
Only ugliness is obscene.
People only see permissiveness in the sense of having more.
I divide my time between all the mud and open space in Surrey and the social life and work in London, particularly Chelsea, which still has the same village feel that it had in the swinging Sixties.
As a child, I used to spend nearly all my summer holidays with my aunt in Wales, and we used to catch mackerel in a boat and then cook them on board.
The whole 1960s thing was a ten-year running party, which was lovely. It started at the end of the 1950s and sort of faded a bit when it became muddled with flower power. It was marvelous.
I used to start re-arranging my school uniform, hitching up my skirt to be more exciting-looking.
Eating outdoors is a particular passion - that is, eating trestle-table a la nicoise.
My garden in England is full of eating-out places, for heat waves, warm September evenings, or lunch on a frosty Christmas morning.
In the old parts of Nice, the family tables are out in the cobbled streets so that you can't drive past. They insist you join them at midnight on a hot July evening. So that's just what you do, abandoning the car.
My favourite Nice restaurant is in the market. It's open mainly for the market people, and shuts in August.
