American,Designer
I appreciate the sentiment that I am a popular woman in computer gaming circles; but I prefer being thought of as a computer game designer rather than a woman computer game designer. I don't put myself into gender mode when designing a game.
Freshness is important. If a game is fresh, new, intriguing, challenging, and enchanting, it will sell, and sell well.
You decide you're going to do horror, then gosh darn it, do horror. Do what's expected. Don't kind of do it. Don't dilly-dally around, because people really enjoy the genre, and they expect certain things.
An adventure game is nothing more than a good story set with engaging puzzles that fit seamlessly in with the story and the characters, and looks and sounds beautiful.
Computers have become more friendly, understandable, and lots of years and thought have been put into developing software to convince people that they want and need a computer.
A good story never dies.
I believe the adventure game genre will never die any more than any type of storytelling would ever die.
It seems we always exceed even our own expectations-after a lot of hard work, though!
I had always been intrigued by the emotional aspect of adventure gaming-the fact that people get so personally involved.
My definition of an adventure game is an interactive story set with puzzles and obstacles to solve and worlds to explore.
I am most proud of the development of the characters as personalities that game players could relate to and care about.
I always say that my favorite game was Original Adventure, published by both Microsoft and Apple Computer back in 1980.
If more women want to be a part of the computer industry today, they have to do more to put themselves there. Nobody is keeping them out.
The experience of creating my adventure games was, other than marrying my husband and bringing into the world my two sons, the most fulfilling, wonderful experience I ever had.
King's Quest IV was a much bigger hit than I, II, or III. I do feel that King's Quest IV was a pivotal game in bringing in more female players.
At the end of a project I get very weird, you know, in my head because I'm not doing it. It's like an addiction. I have to do it.
I love coming up with the stories and being creative and working with creative people and coming up with visuals and creating characters.
