American,Designer
Life is not a solo act. It's a huge collaboration, and we all need to assemble around us the people who care about us and support us in times of strife.
I have my mantra about silhouette, proportion, and fit. I believe that when they are in harmony and balance, you'll look great in anything.
Take the high road. No matter how much strife, and consternation, frustration and anger you might be confronted with - don't go to that level.
I'm honest about expressing my opinions. At the same time, I'm diplomatic in how I do critique things if I have a negative response.
But if I had to choose a single destination where I'd be held captive for the rest of my time in New York, I'd choose the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
If you want to write an angry e-mail, write it but don't send it. It's based on my experience that whenever I have acted out in some manner, I have always regretted it.
I learned quickly that if the student's perception is that you're not listening to them, and not understanding them, they discredit you.
Everyone has a best feature, so find clothes and accessories to accentuate those, whether it's your shoulders or your long legs!
I found early on in teaching, if you're too blunt an instrument, the students discredit you and think you're just being mean. They're not interested in what you have to say.
But my manners also came from when I was in college and began participating in critiques. You have to speak with someone respectfully about their work and be honest and open, without hurting them.
I do things like hem a pair of pants, I do my own tailoring but I wouldn't attempt a jacket.
I love helping people.
I always say I have a Socratic approach to most things that I do. I pummel people with questions, because I need to know what they're thinking, what they're trying to achieve, what they believe the final outcome is going to be.
I have my flaws and my issues, past and present and who knows what will happen in the future. I want people to know I'm vulnerable too and each one of us is.
But I will add, there's one thing I will not do, ever: I will never talk to you about things you cannot change. It plants a negativity in the head of a designer or the student, and it's a distraction.
On my first day teaching my own classroom, I threw up before I entered the building.
I'm one of the biggest introverts you could ever meet.
I don't know why I've always been so captivated by architecture.
Part of what was in the ether all around me growing up, until I was between 19 and 20, was a terrible, debilitating stutter. It was part of what made me very reclusive as a kid.
I just don't like conspicuous consumption. I find it distasteful.
I love HGTV. I love the Food Network.
And Brooke Elliott is a great actress.
I learned early on in teaching how easy it is to hurt a young person and that's never my intention.
Fashion was in a crisis up until the mid-'90s and, when it came out of the crisis, it was a very different place. It was a place that nurtured and cultivated young entrepreneurial designers.
There's nothing I like better than going to my apartment, closing the door, cooking my little dinner for one and just tuning out. My apartment really is my haven. It's a nest where I go to heal.
I have to have my coffee. I probably have three cups a day, but only before noon.
