American,Vice President
I love California, I practically grew up in Phoenix.
It's time for the human race to enter the solar system.
I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future.
I pledge allegiance to the Christian flag, and to the Savior, for whose Kingdom it stands, one Savior, crucified, risen, and coming again, with life and liberty for all who believe.
It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it.
What a waste it is to lose one's mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is.
The future will be better tomorrow.
One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice-president, and that one word is 'to be prepared'.
For NASA, space is still a high priority.
If we don't succeed we run the risk of failure.
Hawaii has always been a very pivotal role in the Pacific. It is in the Pacific. It is a part of the United States that is an island that is right here.
I was known as the chief grave robber of my state.
We shouldn't have to be burdened with all the technicalities that come up from time to time with shrewd, smart lawyers interpreting what the laws or what the Constitution may or may not say.
When I talked to him on the phone yesterday. I called him George rather than Mr. Vice President. But, in public, it's Mr. Vice President, because that is who he is.
When I have been asked during these last weeks who caused the riots and the killing in L.A., my answer has been direct and simple: Who is to blame for the riots? The rioters are to blame. Who is to blame for the killings? The killers are to blame.
My friends, no matter how rough the road may be, we can and we will, never, never surrender to what is right.
Unfortunately, the people of Louisiana are not racists.
We have a firm commitment to NATO, we are a part of NATO. We have a firm commitment to Europe. We are a part of Europe.
Every once in a while, you let a word or phrase out and you want to catch it and bring it back. You can't do that. It's gone, gone forever.
I've never professed to be anything but an average student.
I spend a great deal of time with the President. We have a very close, personal, loyal relationship. I'm not, as they say, a potted plant in these meetings.
We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur.
The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century.
I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.
Votes are like trees, if you are trying to build a forest. If you have more trees than you have forests, then at that point the pollsters will probably say you will win.
It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.
I deserve respect for the things I did not do.
I don't watch it, but I know enough to comment on it.
People who bowl vote. Bowlers are not the cultural elite.
They need help, and we have helped, and we are here to help. And we are helping, and we're going to continue to help.
I stand by all the misstatements that I've made.
Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things.
It's rural America. It's where I came from. We always refer to ourselves as real America. Rural America, real America, real, real, America.
Republicans have been accused of abandoning the poor. It's the other way around. They never vote for us.
We should develop anti-satellite weapons because we could not have prevailed without them in 'Red Storm Rising'.
Let me just tell you how thrilling it really is, and how, what a challenge it is, because in 1988 the question is whether we're going forward to tomorrow or whether we're going to go past to the - to the back!
The other day the President said, I know you've had some rough times, and I want to do something that will show the nation what faith that I have in you, in your maturity and sense of responsibility. He paused, then said, would you like a puppy?
I want to be Robin to Bush's Batman.
Bobby Knight told me this: 'There is nothing that a good defense cannot beat a better offense.' In other words a good offense wins.
I have a very good family. I'm very fortunate to have a very good family. I believe very strongly in the family. It's one of the things we have in our platform, is to talk about it.
I do have a political agenda. It's to have as few regulations as possible.
What you guys want, I'm for.
It shows 'us vs. them', and I'm on the 'us' side.
You all look like happy campers to me. Happy campers you are, happy campers you have been, and, as far as I am concerned, happy campers you will always be.
We will move forward, we will move upward, and yes, we will move onward.
Illegitimacy is something we should talk about in terms of not having it.
We're all capable of mistakes, but I do not care to enlighten you on the mistakes we may or may not have made.
This election is about who's going to be the next President of the United States!
I'm going to be a vice president very much like George Bush was. He proved to be a very effective vice president, perhaps the most effective we've had in a couple of hundred years.
When you make as many speeches and you talk as much as I do and you get away from the text, it's always a possibility to get a few words tangled here and there.
In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!
Sometimes cameras and television are good to people and sometimes they aren't. I don't know if its the way you say it, or how you look.
We have to do more than just elect a new President if we truly want to change this country.
I understand the importance of bondage between parent and child.
The thing is, if you control the Senate meetings, you control the gavel. And the gavel is a very important instrument... an instrument of power. An instrument that establishes the agenda.
Let me just be very clear that the Republican Party will select a nominee that will beat Bill Clinton.
You do the policy, I'll do the politics.
