American,Clergyman
Feminism is a socialist, anti-family, political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
I have a zero tolerance for sanctimonious morons who try to scare people.
I thought that communism, the tyranny of communism, was an abomination and I beseeched God to bring that terrible evil down and he did. It was a great triumph, it took awhile, but it happened.
It's the tyranny of an oligarchy that I'm concerned about.
The Ten Commandments are the most visible symbol because these commandments are recognized by Christians and Jews alike as being the foundation of our system of public morality.
I mean, if a person acts irresponsibly in his own life, he will pay the consequences. And it's not so much divine retribution as it's built into the law of nature.
In Europe, the big word is tolerance. You tolerate everything.
I think George Allen from Virginia was a distinguished governor, he's a distinguished senator and head of the Senatorial Campaign Committee and won some significant victories. He is a very attractive guy and would make a tremendous president.
I am remarkably pleased with Obama. I had grave misgivings about him.
The founding document of the United States of America acknowledges the Lordship of Jesus Christ because we are a Christian nation.
Feminism encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
Are we a Christian nation now? It's doubtful. But did we start out as one? Without question.
But there's no reason why we should abdicate our foundational principles because certain groups don't believe in them. You know, no majority should surrender its deeply held beliefs to those who don't believe in anything.
I cite in my book countless examples of the foundational documents of the colonial period in America and the writings of the leaders, that this was intended to be a Christian nation.
It is the Democratic Congress, the liberal-biased media and the homosexuals who want to destroy all Christians.
Many of those people involved in Adolf Hitler were Satanists, many were homosexuals - the two things seem to go together.
Homosexuals are riding high in the media.
You can imagine, if somebody's approaching retirement, and all of a sudden the funds that he or she is depending on is depleted by 50% or however many, it gives them a sinking feeling in the pit of their stomach.
Adoptive parents are taking on enormous responsibility, both emotionally and financially. Quite frankly, they need as much disclosure as possible about the child's background and health to assure the best fit and be prepared.
Dominican Republic is, is prosperous, healthy, full of resorts, etcetera.
I just think it's shocking how many of these young people wind up in prison and they get turned into hardcore criminals because they had a possession of a very small amount of controlled substance.
And I think that George Bush really is a very godly person.
And I think the blessing of heaven is on Bush. It's just the way it is.
And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset.
And these things are pretty much foundational: thou shall not kill, steal, bear false witness. All these things are embedded into the laws we enjoy in our nation.
But I never, never thought of the ministry nor did - of course, television when I was growing up, there was no television. So I didn't know anything about it.
You know, the Brits had a way of - running an empire. And I don't think America is comfortable with an empire.
The thought about Republicans is, we're supposed to be Jeffersonian. That government governs the best that governs the least.
I mean the terrorists are - are like a pimple, like a boil. They'll go away.
I'm concerned about - the oppression of the poor.
The Democratic Party went far to the left, I think, and left some of us stranded on the beach, so we went to the Republican Party.
If you read back in the Bible, the letter of the apostle Paul to the church of Thessalonia, he said that in the latter days before the end of the age that the Earth would be caught up in what he called the birth pangs of a new order.
Well, what was called the blessed hope of the Bible is that one day Jesus Christ would come back again, start a whole new era, that this world order that we know it would change into something that would be wonderful that we'd call the millennium.
The Constitution was made for ordinary people.
Abortion's a private decision. But I just think it shouldn't be federalized.
Well, actually, I manage a couple of stock portfolios or funds or whatever you want to call 'em, and I think I've done relatively well with them.
I wouldn't want to be President now!
The wisdom of God's Word is quite clear on believers being unequally yoked. And marrying someone who is not a Christian - who is not a daily disciple of Christ - is being unequally yoked, regardless of what their beliefs might be.
I've been to Israel many times - I've lost count of how many times.
People who hate God... take it out on innocent people.
For decades, I have supported adoption, and have helped tens of thousands of children worldwide.
Anything's possible in politics.
It's just impossible to ignore the activists in your party. These are the people who stuff the envelopes, and walk the precincts, and make the telephone calls, and do all the so-called grunt work that brings about a successful campaign.
I'm a person that just likes to speak the truth, and I don't understand why in America it's such a big deal that we won't read the Koran and we won't look at history.
Of course there are peace-loving Muslims.
Jesus Christ is a prince of peace. He told us to live in peace. He told us to love our enemies. He told us to do good to them that spitefully use us.
There's no question that jihad historically means war.
My father was a lawyer.
You know, Saint Augustine said our hearts are restless 'til they rest in thee. And I had a restlessness in my heart. Something just wasn't quite right.
I'm a religious broadcaster.
I've managed stations.
I've personally backed off from direct political involvement.
I hate Alzheimer's. It is one of the most awful things because, here is a loved one, this is the woman or man that you have loved for 20, 30, 40 years, and suddenly, that person is gone. They're gone. They are gone.
When I was in charge of the Christian Coalition I was available to mobilize grass roots support for somebody.
We don't want a president who fails at domestic and foreign policy.
The Katrina matter was terrible.
The rebuilding of Iraq has been terrible.
Haiti is in desperate poverty.
The truth is, the secular world isn't too enamored with Jesus. And they're not too enamored with someone who is leading people to Jesus. So if you're out there talking about people's sins, and you're talking about righteousness, you will get pushback. Jesus Himself did. The apostles did. I mean, there's persecution all up and down the line.
I'm parodied as being some right-wing fundamentalist extremist, it just isn't true. The parody doesn't reflect reality.
Every time the liberals pass a bill - I don't care what it involves - they stick criminal sanctions on it. They don't feel there is any way people are going to keep a law unless they can put them in jail.
It seems to me the Washington Monument is a symbol of America's power. It has been the symbol of our great nation. We look at the symbol and we say 'this is one nation under God.'
God created the world; the laws of nature were created by God. True science tries to find out what God put in the world. The trouble is where scientists speculate about theology and they don't know what they're talking about because they weren't there. They can't speculate about the origins of life because they weren't there.
I think we do want a front-runner from the Republican Party who can win the general election.
Something happened a long time ago in Haiti, and people might not want to talk about it. They were under the heel of the French... and they got together and swore a pact to the devil.
