English,Clergyman
Care and diligence bring luck.
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
If you have one true friend you have more than your share.
We are born crying, live complaining, and die disappointed.
Memory is the treasure house of the mind wherein the monuments thereof are kept and preserved.
It is madness for sheep to talk peace with a wolf.
Great hopes make great men.
A man in passion rides a horse that runs away with him.
Charity begins at home, but should not end there.
He that cannot forgive others breaks the bridge over which he must pass himself; for every man has need to be forgiven.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
If you would have a good wife, marry one who has been a good daughter.
Prayer: the key of the day and the lock of the night.
A fox should not be on the jury at a goose's trial.
We ought to see far enough into a hypocrite to see even his sincerity.
'Tis skill, not strength, that governs a ship.
A good garden may have some weeds.
Vows made in storms are forgotten in calm.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Unseasonable kindness gets no thanks.
Bad excuses are worse than none.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell!
Don't let your will roar when your power only whispers.
In fair weather prepare for foul.
There is more pleasure in loving than in being beloved.
It is more difficult to praise rightly than to blame.
If it were not for hopes, the heart would break.
Better a tooth out than always aching.
Scalded cats fear even cold water.
Contentment consist not in adding more fuel, but in taking away some fire.
He is not poor that hath not much, but he that craves much.
Better break your word than do worse in keeping it.
All commend patience, but none can endure to suffer.
He that has a great nose, thinks everybody is speaking of it.
Today is yesterday's pupil.
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends.
Leftovers in their less visible form are called memories. Stored in the refrigerator of the mind and the cupboard of the heart.
Though bachelors be the strongest stakes, married men are the best binders, in the hedge of the commonwealth.
'Tis not every question that deserves an answer.
He does not believe that does not live according to his belief.
First get an absolute conquest over thyself, and then thou wilt easily govern thy wife.
A conservative believes nothing should be done for the first time.
Eaten bread is forgotten.
If you command wisely, you'll be obeyed cheerfully.
Every horse thinks its own pack heaviest.
No man can be happy without a friend, nor be sure of his friend till he is unhappy.
He that hopes no good fears no ill.
Men are more prone to revenge injuries than to requite kindness.
There is nothing that so much gratifies an ill tongue as when it finds an angry heart.
Fame is the echo of actions, resounding them to the world, save that the echo repeats only the last art, but fame relates all, and often more than all.
A drinker has a hole under his nose that all his money runs into.
Wine hath drowned more men than the sea.
A little skill in antiquity inclines a man to Popery.
Despair gives courage to a coward.
Many come to bring their clothes to church rather than themselves.
Let him who expects one class of society to prosper in the highest degree, while the other is in distress, try whether one side; of the face can smile while the other is pinched.
Compliments cost nothing, yet many pay dear for them.
The more wit the less courage.
Learning hath gained most by those books by which the printers have lost.
Old foxes want no tutors.
The patient is not likely to recover who makes the doctor his heir.
The fool wanders, a wise man travels.
Travel makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.
A man is not good or bad for one action.
Poor men's reasons are not heard.
He that has one eye is a prince among those that have none.
Pride perceiving humility honorable, often borrows her cloak.
He is poor indeed that can promise nothing.
Thou ought to be nice, even to superstition, in keeping thy promises, and therefore equally cautious in making them.
Great is the difference betwixt a man's being frightened at, and humbled for his sins.
He knows little, who will tell his wife all he knows.
Anger is one of the sinews of the soul.
Better be alone than in bad company.
Better one's House be too little one day than too big all the Year after.
Slight small injuries, and they will become none at all.
Change of weather is the discourse of fools.
A man's best fortune, or his worst, is his wife.
A lie has no leg, but a scandal has wings.
He that travels much knows much.
A good horse should be seldom spurred.
A book that is shut is but a block.
'Tis better to suffer wrong than do it.
If an ass goes travelling he will not come home a horse.
He that falls into sin is a man; that grieves at it, is a saint; that boasteth of it, is a devil.
