English,Clergyman
The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.
Originality is undetected plagiarism.
We have enslaved the rest of the animal creation, and have treated our distant cousins in fur and feathers so badly that beyond doubt, if they were able to formulate a religion, they would depict the Devil in human form.
The happiest people seem to be those who have no particular cause for being happy except that they are so.
It is useless for the sheep to pass resolutions in favor of vegetarianism, while the wolf remains of a different opinion.
Nobody is bored when he is trying to make something that is beautiful, or to discover something that is true.
No Christian can be a pessimist, for Christianity is a system of radical optimism.
True faith is belief in the reality of absolute values.
A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbours.
Worry is interest paid on trouble before it comes due.
Prayer gives a man the opportunity of getting to know a gentleman he hardly ever meets. I do not mean his maker, but himself.
Public opinion, a vulgar, impertinent, anonymous tyrant who deliberately makes life unpleasant for anyone who is not content to be the average person.
There are no rewards or punishments - only consequences.
I have never understood why it should be considered derogatory to the Creator to suppose that he has a sense of humour.
Many people believe that they are attracted by God, or by Nature, when they are only repelled by man.
A man may build himself a throne of bayonets, but he can't sit on it.
Whoever marries the spirit of this age will find himself a widower in the next.
It is astonishing with how little wisdom mankind can be governed, when that little wisdom is its own.
Theater is, of course, a reflection of life. Maybe we have to improve life before we can hope to improve theater.
Events in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter.
The enemies of freedom do not argue; they shout and they shoot.
Consciousness is a phase of mental life which arises in connection with the formation of new habits. When habit is formed, consciousness only interferes to spoil our performance.
I think middle-age is the best time, if we can escape the fatty degeneration of the conscience which often sets in at about fifty.
Every institution not only carries within it the seeds of its own dissolution, but prepares the way for its most hated rival.
In dealing with Englishmen you can be sure of one thing only, that the logical solution will not be adopted.
To become a popular religion, it is only necessary for a superstition to enslave a philosophy.
