Colombian,Politician
I never say no to an ice cream.
Living in a jungle is not something easy; it's not something that you just adapt yourself to. And I think that in my case, I didn't want to adapt.
In captivity, one loses every way of acting over little details which satisfy the essentials of life. Everything has to be asked for: permission to go to the toilet, permission to ask a guard something, permission to talk to another hostage - to brush your teeth, use toilet paper, everything is a negotiation.
As a Colombian, the only way I can relate to my country is through suffering. I hope that my children and my grandchildren will relate to the beautiful country in a way that it is positive and loving.
You don't master your fear. You're not able to say, 'I'm not going to be scared.' But what you can do is say, 'OK, I'm very very scared, but I have to do this and this and this.'
The relationship with time changes when you're captive.
Reconciliation is a decision that you take in your heart.
I have to forget in order to find peace in my soul and be able to forgive.
The thing is that war is the opposite of negotiation. It's when you cannot negotiate, when you cannot talk, when you cannot reach agreements that then you have war.
The only thing I've settled in my mind is that I want to forgive, and forgiveness comes with forgetting.
The voice of the Holy Father was like a light.
I lived for nearly seven years with the awareness that death was my everyday companion.
When you have a chain around your neck, you have to keep your head down and try to accept your fate without succumbing entirely to humiliation, without forgetting who you are.
We can't continue with a justice of vengeance. Peace will require us to accept a certain degree of impunity; it's inevitable.
It's easy when you have suffered to feel the link with what others have gone through.
I continue to aspire to serve Colombia as president.
I didn't want to be a number. I didn't want to be an object.
I don't want to be submerged by depression.
It's not easy to talk about things that are still hurting.
I love Colombia's military. I love my country.
I continue with the illusion of serving Colombia. Only God knows if it were to be from the presidency.
During my captivity, I felt abandoned by everyone apart from my family and supporters, because there was no part of the political spectrum that would want me released.
I carry the voices of all my family within me, and they were with me there in the jungle.
After six years without seeing one, I love just seeing a smile - every smile I see gives me hope.
More than a victim, I am a survivor of a dehumanization process.
In a kidnapping, you leave behind a lot of your baggage, like arrogance and stubbornness.
I called my party the Green Oxygen party because Colombians were choking.
At first, I didn't want to accept that I had been abducted. I kept thinking, 'Next week, I'll be freed.'
I didn't want to accept that people would forget me, that the government wouldn't do anything to negotiate our freedom. After a year, I came to understand that not only had one year passed, many more would come.
We're humans. Why always turn human attitude into political behaviours? I hate that.
Like in every peace process, and especially in Colombia, there all kinds of problems that will come through. Not only is the process by itself very complicated but it has lots of underground complications.
Reconciliation is a national decision that has to be debated and a consensus made among Colombians.
You only can rest when have the truth, even when it's horrible.
