Colombian,Model
I'm fearless, I don't complain. Even when horrible things happen to me, I go on.
Yes, I'm blonde. When I started as an actor, because of the accent and my body and my personality, it was not what the stereotype of the Latina woman in Hollywood is, so they didn't know where to put me. The blond hair wasn't matching. The moment I put my hair dark, it was better for my work.
I think that would be ungrateful if I were upset because I'm seen as attractive or sexy. That's opened so many doors for me in my life.
If I walk outside without lipstick, I feel naked.
I love jewelry - rings, earrings, bracelets, necklaces, you name it.
When you have a kid, you have to be more mature.
People shouldn't stay married because of the kids. That's torture for everyone.
I love heels, I'm telling you. When I walk in flats, I get knee pain.
I didn't want to be an actress. I wanted to be a dentist, but you never know what life will bring you.
I understand English; I read and write English perfectly, but the accent won't go away.
Oh yes, things get me mad. But the thing is, I get mad, and then I turn around and I forget.
I don't think God cares if I wear nail polish or not. I don't think that's a deal breaker for him.
My problem is desserts. I am obsessed with desserts.
If you're asking if my breasts are natural, yes, this is how I've looked since I was 13 years old.
Latin women are very comfortable with their bodies and their sexuality. We aren't afraid to show that off a little bit more.
Listen, I didn't know how to make coffee when I came to the United States. Because in Colombia the maids do it.
If a Latina falls in love with someone who is insecure, it can be a nightmare.
In Latin America, women are supposed to be voluptuous. They don't believe that you have to be skinny to be attractive.
L. A. is crazy. The women all look the same now. That thing with the cheeks. Like Madonna. Who do they think they're fooling? It doesn't make them look young. You end up looking like a freak.
Not everybody's confident their whole life.
It has to be a very specific role for me because of my accent. I can't complain; I've been working since I got to LA. But it is hard. I have no training as an actress so I try whatever I do like school, because I'm learning.
I never thought I would get such a perfect role in 'Modern Family.' A lot of TV shows now are looking for more Latin women.
When I travel abroad, because I'm Columbian, I'm always one that they check twice and security and I'm the one that they open my bag and the one they pull to the side to check the visa.
I like comedy. I would love to do comedy for a long time.
I can turn around and scream and get angry, but I turn around and I forget about it.
I'm a natural blonde. But when I started acting, I would go to auditions and they didn't know where to put me because I was voluptuous and had the accent, but I had blonde hair. It was ignorance: they thought every Latin person looks like Salma Hayek.
I guess I am going to think about freezing my eggs.
