French,Actress
I get irritated, nervous, very tense or stressed, but never bored.
I like being famous when it's convenient for me and completely anonymous when it's not.
I always try to keep that feeling of being on the edge. I'm afraid of knowing too well and seeming mechanical.
Truffaut loved actresses, and he was very intense. All the actresses I knew wanted to do a film with him.
In America you need a bodyguard to go out.
I'm not an admirer of action movies. I just think, Oh my God, it must be so tiring.
Love is suffering. One side always loves more.
A woman has to be intelligent, have charm, a sense of humor, and be kind. It's the same qualities I require from a man.
A lot of actors don't like to see how they've done every day.
I am frivolous. Then I feel guilty.
To have a public life, you still have the right to a private life.
People expect a lot more from someone they think looks interesting. It's a burden.
Directors have to push me. I have to be pushed up. Not all the time, but often.
I have a strong sense of responsibility. I like to be directed, it's true. If I didn't like that, I'd do something else.
The story is more important to me than the part.
Marriage is obsolete and a trap.
All women who kill or have sexual obsessions or who are prostitutes have trouble with their fathers.
Opportunities are often things you haven't noticed the first time around.
I was never a dangerous woman. I'm not the prissy blonde woman that could take your husband away.
People who know me know I'm strong, but I'm vulnerable.
This book was company for me - I wrote these things when I was in hotels, far from where I normally live. I never intended to publish it.
It's very difficult for me to speak about being an actor.
Sometimes it's more difficult to do very simple, low-key films.
I don't live that much with the character. I find it hard enough having to spend so many hours with the character during the day.
Being a film actor is very different from a theatre actor.
You get involved with a character after spending a long time waiting, and this demands a lot of energy and concentration.
I have no physical courage, I've asked for a double.
I think the clothes in Belle de Jour are very important to the style of the film. Even today, it is still timeless.
I like some of the early silent films because I love to watch how actors had to play then. What would interest me today is to do a silent film.
You can express a lot of things, a lot of action without speaking.
It's always difficult to play a scene of physical violence because you're always afraid that you don't know your own strength and might hurt someone.
I don't enjoy. I suffer from enjoying. It's very Christian.
People don't know very much about me. They do not know what really goes on in my private life.
It has been very erotic and provocative for people to wonder about my feelings for women.
I have been involved in some films other actresses would not have done.
I love vampire stories. That's why I did the movie. Women especially were taken with that movie-even more so when it came out on video.
I think anything that has to do with sexuality makes people very interested.
Some people fall in love with their co-stars and feel things that they never thought they would feel for them because they are touching.
Sex is a big question mark. It is something people will talk about forever.
Prostitution happens to you because of troubles you had. In reality no woman would choose to do that.
Even if a woman is abused a very long time ago, it comes out in her life in a negative way.
I cannot imagine having a physical relationship with a woman. I have not done that. But I really love women.
There are relatively few role models for young people. We are in a society that is ruled by men.
Even if there are a lot women in films, there are few who are lesbians, that people know about.
I'm lucky; people write scripts for me.
Lesbians and gays... they still have to fight, even inside. It's not that simple, even if they seem to be accepted.
Film is a very young art that is still evolving. Soon, we shall reach a balance between content and technology.
Acting is also working with people who invite you into their dreams and trust you with their innermost being.
I choose my roles carefully.
I don't see any reason for marriage when there is divorce.
Cinema is still a very young art form with extraordinary techniques and very impressive special effects but sometimes it seems the soul has been taken out of things.
