French,Designer
After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world.
Deep in every heart slumbers a dream, and the couturier knows it: every woman is a princess.
A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.
On vacation, you can wear all the colorful and casual clothing that you like, but you must always be elegant.
White is pure and simple and matches with everything.
A dress is a piece of ephemeral architecture, designed to enhance the proportions of the female body.
The tones of gray, pale turquoise and pink will prevail.
Finally, everything that has been part of my life, whether I wanted it to or not, has expressed itself in my dresses.
Colour is what gives jewels their worth. They light up and enhance the face. Nothing is more elegant than a black skirt and sweater worn with a sparkling multi-stoned necklace.
Bright reds - scarlet, pillar-box red, crimson or cherry - are very cheerful and youthful. There is certainly a red for everyone.
You can never really go wrong if you take nature as an example.
I wanted to be considered a good craftsman. I wanted my dresses to be constructed like buildings, molded to the curves of the female form, stylizing its shape.
Without foundations, there can be no fashion.
You can wear black at any time. You can wear it at any age. You may wear it for almost any occasion; a 'little black frock' is essential to a woman's wardrobe.
Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest.
The detail is as important as the essential is. When it is inadequate, it destroys the whole outfit.
A country, a style or an epoch are interesting only for the idea behind them.
We were emerging from the period of war, of uniforms, of women-soldiers built like boxers. I drew women-flowers, soft shoulders, fine waists like liana and wide skirts like corolla.
Women are most fascinating between the ages of 35 and 40 after they have won a few races and know how to pace themselves. Since few women ever pass 40, maximum fascination can continue indefinitely.
My dream is to save women from nature.
Women, with their sure instincts, realized that my intention was to make them not just more beautiful but also happier.
Haute couture is like an orchestra, for which only Balenciaga is the conductor. The rest of us are just musicians, following the directions he gives us.
In a machine age, dressmaking is one of the last refuges of the human, the personal, the inimitable.
