French,Politician
My key message is be innovative, be ambitious; think global and big on day one.
We can't fix the real problems if we only cauterize and don't treat the roots of evil.
We have the force, the energy, and the determination, and we will not give in to fear.
We are a continent of refugees, and if you say we can't integrate refugees, that's not consistent with our values, even if borders cannot be wide open.
Globalization can be a great opportunity.
If approval was a criterion in this country, nothing would ever get done.
The status quo leads to self-destruction.
I push reforms. I tell the truth to people, even when it's tough for the country.
The refugee crisis shows we can't be isolated from the world's geopolitical troubles.
Sovereignty is not just at the national level; that's the mistake of Brexit that other people make.
We have to breathe new life into Europe.
To create greater convergence, we need more intergration.
I am not just a liberal movement. I come from the progressive Left. I am trying to refresh and counter the system.
Believe in individual initiatives, in courage, in risk.
We're not isolated from the world. The world knocks on our door.
To avoid the trap of Europe fragmenting on the economy, security, and identity, we have to return to the original promises of the European project: peace, prosperity and freedom. We should have a real, adult, democratic debate about the Europe we want.
What we need is much more flexibility for the labour markets.
France has to accelerate in terms of reform.
We need to restore democracy and sovereignty in Europe.
We need people who dream impossible things, who maybe fail, sometimes succeed, but in any case who have that ambition.
Europe's younger generation has only experienced austerity.
A romantic or classical view of the French approach would have been to say, 'It's a French company; let no one attack it. Let's block any merger. But the reality is Alcatel-Lucent is not a French company; it's a global company. Its main markets are China and the U.S. Its ownership is foreign; most of its managers aren't French.
The financial passport is part of full access to the E.U. market, and a precondition for that is the contribution to the E.U. budget. That has been the case in Norway and in Switzerland. That is clear.
I don't have luxurious tastes or great needs, but my independence is worth a lot to me.
We are implementing an in-depth reform on labor market, not to reduce rights for workers but to provide more visibility and more efficiency to investors and employers because it's the key for job creation.
As to the euro zone avant-garde, it must go towards more solidarity and integration: a common budget, a common borrowing capability, and fiscal convergence.
A Left that does nothing achieves nothing.
Leaving the E.U. would mean the 'Guernseyfication' of the U.K., which would then be a little country on the world scale. It would isolate itself and become a trading post and arbitration place at Europe's border.
If I was British, I would vote resolutely 'remain' because it's in the U.K.'s interest.
If the U.K. wants a commercial access treaty to the European market, the British must contribute to the European budget like the Norwegians and the Swiss do. If London doesn't want that, then it must be a total exit.
Without investment, you cannot have jobs.
Historically speaking, the French economy was largely driven by the demand side.
France has to reform, to recover, and get more competitiveness.
The refugee crisis is a challenge for the whole of Europe, and Europe - it's a very fair point to say it's not just a security issue. It's also an economic issue.
It's about our ability precisely to integrate a people and offer jobs, and that, for me, is one of the key rationales of the reforms I'm pushing, and I'm a strong believer in that when you lift barriers, when you deregulate a lot of stuff, basically you improve the equality of opportunities.
If people do not believe in Europe and in the euro area, it must be dismantled.
I am not a socialist.
The best way to afford a suit is to work.
I don't want a tailor-made approach where the British have the best of two worlds. That will be too big an incentive for others to leave and kill the European idea, which is based on shared responsibilities.
I am attached to a strict approach to Brexit: I respect the British vote, but the worst thing would be a sort of weak E.U. vis-a-vis the British.
Honesty compels me to say that I am not a socialist. But so what?
The functioning of our society is in a certain way sclerotic.
I am a newcomer. I want to remain a newcomer. That is my DNA.
De facto, you have a multi-speed Europe. You look at the Schengen, you look at the euro zone, all this kind of cooperations, you have a multi-speed Europe.
You need basically some accountability rules, which means democratic checks and balances at the euro zone level, and definitely, you have to increase convergence in terms of taxes, in terms of social affairs and so on.
What we need is a common goal for more Europe.
France is back.
The doctors, whether based in Brussels or Paris, draw the same conclusions and write the same prescriptions.
We have a huge responsibility to make sure that Europe remains a prosperous and peaceful continent.
I want France to become the European hub for R&D.
We have the eurozone. Could we accept to be cleared, regulated, and de facto have inflows and outflows from a country that has decided to leave the E.U.? For me, definitely not.
We have to be extremely strict on the implementation of Brexit so there is a common approach between member states. We must avoid a sector-by-sector or country-by-country approach, and ask the U.K. to be clear.
We back Hinkley Point project. It's very important for France; it's very important for the nuclear sector and EDF.
I kept trying, proposing, pushing... If you want to succeed, you cannot leave work half done, and unfortunately, many things were left half done. The choice was made not to launch a second wave of economic reforms that I was proposing.
Popularity isn't an objective in itself. I'm not in this game.
I'm not a movie star, and I don't want to become a movie star.
We've created rigidities at the entrance point in artisanal occupations.
You can suddenly have a series of countries waking up and saying, 'I want the same status as the Brits,' which will be, de facto, the dismantling of the rest of Europe.
We should not replicate the situation where one country is in a situation to hijack the rest of Europe because they organize a referendum.
You need a debate and a vote on the principles: Do you want more Europe or less Europe? Do you believe we are more efficient with defense and security with Europe, or not? Do you believe we are more efficient for our companies with or without Europe? Those are the questions we have to discuss and push our people to vote on it.
Even if the Brits decide to remain, we will have to avoid a contagion on other countries.
I have a vision of my country, and I cannot sit and watch things pass by.
We have a lack of growth in Europe, in eurozone, and in France, and we are struggling hard to recover and restore this growth.
I touched the limits of our political system, which pushes one to last-minute compromises. Explanations are rarely given. It plays to people's fears because it hasn't built an ideological consensus. It produces flawed solutions and too often ignores reality.
To think that our political organisation is immutable is the best way to hand the country over to the extremes.
Consolidation means less equipment, less networks, and less jobs.
My priority is my economy minister mandate and to create momentum.
I am from the Left, but I am happy to work with people from the Right.
We will open a new bunch of reforms regarding the labor market to make it simpler and adaptable, more flexible.
Under the French system, you have to take into consideration that every five years, the president is directly elected by the people. He's the one that has the legitimacy.
When the president and the prime minister decide to implement reforms, they have all the measures they need to pass them and enforce them.
We ask our companies to restructure; we ask employees to work more for less money because there is overproduction, but then we're unable to defend them from cheaper Chinese imports. We are insane.
The only way governments or would-be governments respond to ills these days is by seeking to lower the temperature... and that tends to mean public spending.
We have to provide more visibility, more certainty to the investors and reduce the cost of failure.
We have no choice but to reform this country.
France is a strong, wealthy country.
I don't believe that killing the French model in order to become the U.K. or the United States overnight is the solution. You have a big debate on inequality there, and for our society, a lot of inequality would not be bearable.
We have to shift the social model from a lot of formal protections toward loosening bottlenecks in the economy.
I have decided to create a new political movement.
I'm in a left-wing government, unashamedly... but I also want to work with people from the Right who commit to the same values.
We can't have our industry progressively destroyed by cheap Chinese imports.
I don't want to create a too-big-to-fail player.
If I were to reason like those who roll out red carpets, I would say we might have some repatriations from the City of London.
I realised how much the system did not want to change.
We have to accept the idea that Europe will be made on a two-speed basis, with a union based on solidarity and differentiation.
The 28-member Europe must be simpler, clearer, more efficient, and continue to advance on digital and energy issues.
We have to reconcile Europeans with Europe.
Modernity is disruptive, and I endorse that.
I want to help with Muslim integration. If you follow the line of Marine Le Pen, you create a civil war.
There are two projects facing each other. There's Marine Le Pen's project of a fractured, closed France. On the other hand, you have my project which is a republican, patriotic project aiming at... reconciling France.
Democratic states must have access to content exchanged between terrorists on social media and instant messaging.
Don't leave criticism of the E.U. to those who hate it.
Political experience is political inefficacy.
I'm a child of provincial France.
I make no concessions to conformism.
People find it difficult to accept something that is sincere and unique.
I bring the spirit of French conquest.
France has always succeeded because it is part of the world.
Our language, history, and civilization shine out across every continent.
France will be on the front line in the fight against terrorism.
Through work, education, and culture, I will give hope to our country.
I know the divisions in our nation that led some to extreme votes. I respect them.
I will lead a fight against Islamist terrorism at every level.
The French are consistent.
Long live the Republic, long live France.
We need to deal with the economy and the moral weakness of the country.
Never boo or hiss at my rallies. That is for people with no hope.
The strategy we must follow is to defend the special relationship between Great Britain and Europe and, more specifically, between Europe and France.
There is no access to the market without budgetary contributions... and without respect for the four freedoms of the E.U.
I will defend Europe; it is our civilisation which is at stake... I will work to rebuild ties between Europe and its citizens.
Europe and the world are waiting for us to defend the spirit of Enlightenment, threatened in so many places.
I want to unite our people and our country. I will serve you with humility and force in the name of liberte, egalite, fraternite.
Really, creation and innovation are part of the French DNA.
I will do everything to make sure you never have reason again to vote for extremes.
I will fight with all my power against the divisions that undermine us and which are tearing us apart.
France was given up to fire and bloodshed, she experienced famine, she experienced the worst of things, she was nearly chopped up in pieces forever because of the decision... to exclude, to brand one party as guilty and annihilate them.
Our mission... it will be difficult, it will take time, it will be demanding for all men and women... will be to act in such a way that French people of the Muslim faith are always more proud of being French than of being Muslim.
I will protect and defend France's vital interests. I will protect and defend Europe.
