French,Artist
There are always flowers for those who want to see them.
What I dream of is an art of balance, of purity and serenity devoid of troubling or depressing subject matter - a soothing, calming influence on the mind, rather like a good armchair which provides relaxation from physical fatigue.
Drawing is like making an expressive gesture with the advantage of permanence.
Creativity takes courage.
Derive happiness in oneself from a good day's work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.
There is nothing more difficult for a truly creative painter than to paint a rose, because before he can do so he has first to forget all the roses that were ever painted.
With color one obtains an energy that seems to stem from witchcraft.
I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things.
Impressionism is the newspaper of the soul.
It has bothered me all my life that I do not paint like everybody else.
I don't know whether I believe in God or not. I think, really, I'm some sort of Buddhist. But the essential thing is to put oneself in a frame of mind which is close to that of prayer.
I have always tried to hide my efforts and wished my works to have a light joyousness of springtime which never lets anyone suspect the labors it has cost me.
An artist must never be a prisoner. Prisoner? An artist should never be a prisoner of himself, prisoner of style, prisoner of reputation, prisoner of success, etc.
You study, you learn, but you guard the original naivete. It has to be within you, as desire for drink is within the drunkard or love is within the lover.
Exactitude is not truth.
I do not literally paint that table, but the emotion it produces upon me.
I would like to recapture that freshness of vision which is characteristic of extreme youth when all the world is new to it.
It is only after years of preparation that the young artist should touch color - not color used descriptively, that is, but as a means of personal expression.
Jazz is rhythm and meaning.
He who loves, flies, runs, and rejoices; he is free and nothing holds him back.
In the beginning you must subject yourself to the influence of nature. You must be able to walk firmly on the ground before you start walking on a tightrope.
Time extracts various values from a painter's work. When these values are exhausted the pictures are forgotten, and the more a picture has to give, the greater it is.
I have been no more than a medium, as it were.
I'm growing old, I delight in the past.
I wouldn't mind turning into a vermilion goldfish.
An artist must possess Nature. He must identify himself with her rhythm, by efforts that will prepare the mastery which will later enable him to express himself in his own language.
