French,Philosopher
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
Man was born free, and he is everywhere in chains.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless.
Insults are the arguments employed by those who are in the wrong.
No man has any natural authority over his fellow men.
We are born weak, we need strength; helpless, we need aid; foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education.
The English think they are free. They are free only during the election of members of parliament.
Every man has the right to risk his own life in order to preserve it. Has it ever been said that a man who throws himself out the window to escape from a fire is guilty of suicide?
Free people, remember this maxim: we may acquire liberty, but it is never recovered if it is once lost.
I have always said and felt that true enjoyment can not be described.
People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.
It is unnatural for a majority to rule, for a majority can seldom be organized and united for specific action, and a minority can.
A feeble body weakens the mind.
You forget that the fruits belong to all and that the land belongs to no one.
Every man has a right to risk his own life for the preservation of it.
No true believer could be intolerant or a persecutor. If I were a magistrate and the law carried the death penalty against atheists, I would begin by sending to the stake whoever denounced another.
We should not teach children the sciences; but give them a taste for them.
God made me and broke the mold.
Force does not constitute right... obedience is due only to legitimate powers.
Our will is always for our own good, but we do not always see what that is.
The body politic, as well as the human body, begins to die as soon as it is born, and carries itself the causes of its destruction.
We are born, so to speak, twice over; born into existence, and born into life; born a human being, and born a man.
Nature never deceives us; it is we who deceive ourselves.
Gratitude is a duty which ought to be paid, but which none have a right to expect.
O love, if I regret the age when one savors you, it is not for the hour of pleasure, but for the one that follows it.
Money is the seed of money, and the first guinea is sometimes more difficult to acquire than the second million.
Base souls have no faith in great individuals.
The English are predisposed to pride, the French to vanity.
Childhood is the sleep of reason.
Do I dare set forth here the most important, the most useful rule of all education? It is not to save time, but to squander it.
To endure is the first thing that a child ought to learn, and that which he will have the most need to know.
Falsehood has an infinity of combinations, but truth has only one mode of being.
The first step towards vice is to shroud innocent actions in mystery, and whoever likes to conceal something sooner or later has reason to conceal it.
Our greatest evils flow from ourselves.
I only see clearly what I remember.
How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long?
Fame is but the breath of people, and that often unwholesome.
We pity in others only the those evils which we ourselves have experienced.
However great a man's natural talent may be, the act of writing cannot be learned all at once.
I have resolved on an enterprise that has no precedent and will have no imitator. I want to set before my fellow human beings a man in every way true to nature; and that man will be myself.
