French,Philosopher
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
Commitment is an act, not a word.
Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
When rich people fight wars with one another, poor people are the ones to die.
There is only one day left, always starting over: it is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.
Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal.
If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company.
Hell is other people.
I am no longer sure of anything. If I satiate my desires, I sin but I deliver myself from them; if I refuse to satisfy them, they infect the whole soul.
Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance.
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.
Being is. Being is in-itself. Being is what it is.
Fascism is not defined by the number of its victims, but by the way it kills them.
She believed in nothing; only her skepticism kept her from being an atheist.
Man is fully responsible for his nature and his choices.
It disturbs me no more to find men base, unjust, or selfish than to see apes mischievous, wolves savage, or the vulture ravenous.
It is only in our decisions that we are important.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
My thought is me: that is why I cannot stop thinking. I exist because I think I cannot keep from thinking.
Once you hear the details of victory, it is hard to distinguish it from a defeat.
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth.
There are two types of poor people, those who are poor together and those who are poor alone. The first are the true poor, the others are rich people out of luck.
I have no need for good souls: an accomplice is what I wanted.
All that I know about my life, it seems, I have learned in books.
The poor don't know that their function in life is to exercise our generosity.
Ah! yes, I know: those who see me rarely trust my word: I must look too intelligent to keep it.
What do I care about Jupiter? Justice is a human issue, and I do not need a god to teach it to me.
Fear? If I have gained anything by damning myself, it is that I no longer have anything to fear.
One always dies too soon or too late. And yet, life is there, finished: the line is drawn, and it must all be added up. You are nothing other than your life.
Who can exhaust a man? Who knows a man's resources?
If a victory is told in detail, one can no longer distinguish it from a defeat.
I do not believe in God; his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men.
We must act out passion before we can feel it.
Words are more treacherous and powerful than we think.
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.
Better to have beasts that let themselves be killed than men who run away.
You must be afraid, my son. That is how one becomes an honest citizen.
I tell you in truth: all men are Prophets or else God does not exist.
Neither sex, without some fertilization of the complimentary characters of the other, is capable of the highest reaches of human endeavor.
God is absence. God is the solitude of man.
Politics is a science. You can demonstrate that you are right and that others are wrong.
To eat is to appropriate by destruction.
The existentialist says at once that man is anguish.
I am not virtuous. Our sons will be if we shed enough blood to give them the right to be.
