French,Designer
I would like to say to people, open your eyes and find beauty where you normally don't expect it.
You see me, I wanted to be fashion designer. I became fashion designer. So I think that everything is possible.
Fashion is about what you look like, which translates to what you would like to be like.
Clothes are expensive. You have to buy them, and to buy them, you have to believe in them.
Always my collections are made of different influences.
When I started in fashion, I had already adopted the sailor-striped sweater as my uniform; that way, I wouldn't have to drive myself crazy trying to figure out what to wear.
There are some people who say and do terrible things and they are not even punished for it.
My eccentricity became direction.
It is beautiful to be what you are.
I don't like dreams or reality. I like when dreams become reality because that is my life.
My clothes have always been expensive. Even though I have had a few lower-priced lines over the years, little by little everything I do tends toward the luxury market.
If it's too fashiony, it's not interesting to me.
The great thing about American women is their energy and the way they love to dress. French women don't really dress; they are too conservative, as it's always a question of money. In America, women are powerful and strong, determined. If they want to be an object, they choose to be in control.
When people have good energy I feel it. And generally I feel that people do like me. And that makes me very happy.
I could say that making clothes is my way of communicating, because I was always so shy.
I take life as it happens. And I give myself a lot of freedom.
I don't know exactly what is my impact, but I can say I am doing fashion my own way.
People are fed up with something when it becomes more and more popular.
I've always felt more at home in the UK than in France.
People think that everyone wears black in France; in fact they all wear grey.
Doing fashion drawings was the only way I had to express myself when I was a teenager.
I'm still astounded by some people's reaction to things I consider quite normal.
I was fascinated by movies from age 12.
Sometimes I have chosen to see films just by their posters.
In France, history is paralyzing.
The shock of the way I mix patterns and fabrics can be disconcerting, but what I am trying to do is provoke new ideas about how pieces can be put together in different ways. I think this is a more modern way to wear clothes that in themselves are fairly classic.
