French,Scientist
Truth is always served by great minds, even if they fight it.
One kills a man, one is an assassin; one kills millions, one is a conqueror; one kills everybody, one is a god.
Take heed of critics even when they are not fair; resist them even when they are.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
Falsity cannot keep an idea from being beautiful; there are certain errors of such ingenuity that one could regret their not ranking among the achievements of the human mind.
The least one can say of power is that a vocation for it is suspicious.
Stupidity, outrage, vanity, cruelty, iniquity, bad faith, falsehood - we fail to see the whole array when it is facing in the same direction as we.
Theories pass. The frog remains.
Somebody told me I should put a pebble in my mouth to cure my stuttering. Well, I tried it, and during a scene I swallowed the pebble. That was the end of that.
Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
To love an idea is to love it a little more than one should.
I should have no use for a paradise in which I should be deprived of the right to prefer hell.
My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of other pessimists.
The ideal, without doubt, varies, but its enemies, alas, are always the same.
Greatness, in order to gain recognition, must all too often consent to ape greatness.
To say of men that they are bad is to say they are worse than we think we are, or worse than the ideal man whose image we have built up on the basis of a certain few.
Hatred, for the man who is not engaged in it, is a little like the odor of garlic for one who hasn't eaten any.
Renown? I've already got more of it than those I respect, and will never have as much as those for whom I feel contempt.
Never feel remorse for what you have thought about your wife; she has thought much worse things about you.
Think? Why think! We have computers to do that for us.
A married couple are well suited when both partners usually feel the need for a quarrel at the same time.
To be adult is to be alone.
It may offend us to hear our own thoughts expressed by others: we are not sure enough of their souls.
Certain brief sentences are peerless in their ability to give one the feeling that nothing remains to be said.
The divine is perhaps that quality in man which permits him to endure the lack of God.
Far too often the choices reality proposes are such as to take away one's taste for choosing.
