French,Author
The sea is only the embodiment of a supernatural and wonderful existence.
In spite of the opinions of certain narrow-minded people, who would shut up the human race upon this globe, as within some magic circle it must never outstep, we shall one day travel to the moon, the planets, and the stars, with the same facility, rapidity, and certainty as we now make the voyage from Liverpool to New York!
The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
Solitude, isolation, are painful things and beyond human endurance.
The sea does not belong to despots. Upon its surface men can still exercise unjust laws, fight, tear one another to pieces, and be carried away with terrestrial horrors. But at thirty feet below its level, their reign ceases, their influence is quenched, and their power disappears.
In consequence of inventing machines, men will be devoured by them.
When the mind once allows a doubt to gain entrance, the value of deeds performed grow less, their character changes, we forget the past and dread the future.
It is for others one must learn to do everything; for there lies the secret of happiness.
I believe cats to be spirits come to earth. A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through.
Science, my lad, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.
Though sleep is called our best friend, it is a friend who often keeps us waiting!
Everything great in science and art is simple. What can be less complicated than the greatest discoveries of humanity - gravitation, the compass, the printing press, the steam engine, the electric telegraph?
Man is never perfect nor contented.
When one has taken root, one puts out branches.
Trains, like time and tide, stop for no one.
What is there unreasonable in admitting the intervention of a supernatural power in the most ordinary circumstances of life?
On the morrow the horizon was covered with clouds- a thick and impenetrable curtain between earth and sky, which unhappily extended as far as the Rocky Mountains. It was a fatality!
The moon, by her comparative proximity, and the constantly varying appearances produced by her several phases, has always occupied a considerable share of the attention of the inhabitants of the earth.
Imagine a society in which there were neither rich nor poor. What evils, afflictions, sorrows, disorders, catastrophes, disasters, tribulations, misfortunes, agonies, calamities, despair, desolation and ruin would be unknown to man!
The Nautilus was piercing the water with its sharp spur, after having accomplished nearly ten thousand leagues in three months and a half, a distance greater than the great circle of the earth. Where were we going now, and what was reserved for the future?
Everybody knows that England is the world of betting men, who are of a higher class than mere gamblers: to bet is in the English temperament.
Fellows who have rascally faces have only one course to take, and that is to remain honest; otherwise, they would be arrested off-hand.
Civilization never recedes; the law of necessity ever forces it onwards.
In presence of Nature's grand convulsions, man is powerless.
I seriously believed that my last hour was approaching, and yet, so strange is imagination, all I thought of was some childish hypothesis or other. In such circumstances, you do not choose your own thoughts. They overcome you.
If Providence has created the stars and the planets, man has called the cannonball into existence.
Before all masters, necessity is the one most listened to, and who teaches the best.
An energetic man will succeed where an indolent one would vegetate and inevitably perish.
He who is mistaken in an action which he sincerely believes to be right may be an enemy, but retains our esteem.
When science has sent forth her fiat - it is only to hear and obey.
It must be that a man who shuts himself up between four walls must lose the faculty of associating ideas and words.
How many persons condemned to the horrors of solitary confinement have gone mad - simply because the thinking faculties have lain dormant!
Man's constitution is so peculiar that his health is purely a negative matter. No sooner is the rage of hunger appeased than it becomes difficult to comprehend the meaning of starvation. It is only when you suffer that you really understand.
Now, when an American has an idea, he directly seeks a second American to share it. If there be three, they elect a president and two secretaries. Given four, they name a keeper of records, and the office is ready for work; five, they convene a general meeting, and the club is fully constituted.
Nothing can astound an American. It has often been asserted that the word 'impossible' is not a French one. People have evidently been deceived by the dictionary. In America, all is easy, all is simple; and as for mechanical difficulties, they are overcome before they arise.
I repeat that the distance between the earth and her satellite is a mere trifle, and undeserving of serious consideration. I am convinced that before twenty years are over, one-half of our earth will have paid a visit to the moon.
The wisest man may be a blind father.
When you bring a man two millions of money, you need have but little fear that you will not be well received.
It is said that the night brings counsel, but it is not said that the counsel is necessarily good.
'Movement is life;' and it is well to be able to forget the past, and kill the present by continual change.
I have noticed that many who do not believe in God believe in everything else, even in the evil eye.
Everything is possible for an eccentric, especially when he is English.
Put two Yankees in a room together, and in an hour they will each have gained ten dollars from the other.
It is always a vulgar and often an unhealthy pastime, and it is a vice which does not go alone; the man who gambles will find himself capable of any evil.
Man, a mere inhabitant of the earth, cannot overstep its boundaries! But though he is confined to its crust, he may penetrate into all its secrets.
A man of merit owes himself to the homage of the rest of mankind who recognize his worth.
Dost thou know what life is, my child? Hast thou comprehended the action of those springs which produce existence? Hast thou examined thyself?
Dost thou not understand that there are two distinct forces in us, that of the soul and that of the body, that is, a movement and a regulator?
The Chinaman has only a passive courage, but this courage he possesses in the highest degree. His indifference to death is truly extraordinary. When he is ill, he sees it approach, and does not falter. When condemned, and already in the hands of an officer, he manifests no fear.
Far better to be the simplest pedestrian, with knapsack on back, stick in hand, and gun on shoulder, than an Indian prince travelling with all the ceremonial which his rank requires.
Ah! Young people, travel if you can, and if you cannot - travel all the same!
To put up with what you cannot avoid is a philosophical principle, that may not perhaps lead you to the accomplishment of great deeds, but is assuredly eminently practical.
Is not a woman's heart unfathomable?
In the United States, there is no project so audacious for which people cannot be found to guarantee the cost and find the working expenses.
To modify the conditions of the Earth's movement is beyond the powers of man. It is not given to mankind to change the order established by the Creator in the system of the Universe.
You seize sentiment better when you get clear of nature. You breathe it in every sense!
