French,Politician
Multicultural societies are multi-conflict societies.
Clearly, Donald Trump's victory is an additional stone in the building of a new world, destined to replace the old one.
They have acted like carnivores who used the world to enrich only themselves, and whether it's the election of Donald Trump, or Brexit, the elites have realized that the people have stopped listening to them, that the people want to determine their futures and, in a perfectly democratic framework, regain control of their destiny.
Wild globalisation has benefited some, but it's been a catastrophe for most.
We are in a world where globalization, which is an ideology, has forgotten and put aside the people, the people's interests, aspirations, and dreams.
I believe that sovereignty is the twin sister of democracy. If there's no sovereignty, there's no democracy.
Everyone understands the European Union is a failure. It has not kept any of its promises - in particular about prosperity, security - and, worst of all, has put us under a guardianship.
If anything, I'm to the left of Obama.
Hillary Clinton means devastation. It means world instability.
Politics for me started in violence.
Russia is an important power upon which the U.S.A. imposed a Cold War.
I am well placed to know that Le Pen is not an anti-Semite. If one considers his life seriously... a man who went to fight with the Israelis in '56! Many times, he tried to better the party's relationship with the Jewish community, even though I do not like the term.
Islamist terrorism is a cancer on Islam, and Muslims themselves must fight it at our side.
We, the French, are viscerally attached to our laicite, our sovereignty, our independence, our values. The world knows that when France is attacked, it is liberty that is dealt a blow.
The question of changing the name must not be taboo. The Front National is a name that has a strong history. It represents a limit in the heads of some voters because it is still demonised.
The euro ceases to exist the moment that France leaves.
When you say 'radical right' in America, people think Ku Klux Klan. They think of something violent, racist.
I would never betray the people.
The British have chosen liberty with Brexit and can congratulate themselves every day.
It is right for us not to want our country transformed into a mere corridor, a giant railway station.
I call for the awakening of our people's ancient soul, capable of opposing a bloodthirsty barbarism.
Let's close all the Islamist mosques.
French citizenship should be either inherited or merited.
I keep wondering who defends Quebec identity: who defends sovereignty, the right of the people to express themselves freely.
Brexit wasn't the European people's first cry of revolt. In 2005, France and the Netherlands held referendums about the proposed European Union constitution. In both countries, opposition was massive, and other governments decided on the spot to halt the experiment for fear the contagion might spread.
Loving the country, wanting to preserve the culture and identity - protecting the interests of the Americans in America, of the French in France, of the Israelis in Israel - seems to me perfectly legitimate.
There's something I will say: In the U.S., people are very patriotic. Their patriotism is obvious. In France, for many years, you had to fight to be patriotic. People are pushing us from loving our own country.
France is different from the U.S.A.'s El Dorado, American Dream image.
I think France should be free, independent, and be the cultural heart of the world because those play a balance in the world.
Voila, we're all molded by our personal paths, which forge our sensibilities.
It's true that I have a strong social sensibility, because - bah, because I raised thre children on my own, and I know the difficulties that can represent. All of that makes it appear that there's a difference between Jean-Marie Le Pen's program and mine. But the big ideas are the same.
The Catholics will never like me because of my divorces.
I believe that politics is a matter of person. Specifically in the Fifth French Republic. In a healthy political system, a political party should resemble its leader.
I have four priorities. Give back to the French their sovereignty over the French territory, their sovereignty over the currency, their sovereignty over the economy and the law.
I have never tried to bear a judgment against my own father because I consider that, in our European culture, one does not judge his parents. Now, I have expressed my disagreements with my father on certain points, disagreements related to the way one should express things, something that has also to do with a difference of generations.
I would like to say that the National Front has never been anti-Semitic. Not only am I not anti-Semitic, but I have explained to my Jewish compatriots that the movement that is most able to protect them is the National Front.
We have to go into fundamentalist mosques; we have to stop foreign financing of Islamist groups.
The influx of migrants must be stopped.
I don't judge people based on their religion. But I judge them based on how they respect the French constitution.
It's not racist to say we can't take in the poverty of the world.
Those who came to France came to find France, not to turn it into their country of origin. If that's what they wanted, they should've stayed in their country.
There is not, and there will not be, any other laws and values in France other than French laws. We will not be going back - no withdrawing. No compromises!
The waking up of a people is historic. It shows the end of a cycle.
I will be Madame Frexit if the European Union doesn't give us back our monetary, legislative, territorial, and budget sovereignty.
I'm a democrat. I will fight until the end to defend democracy and the will of the people.
If I don't manage to negotiate with the European Union, something I wish, then I will ask the French to leave the European Union. And then you'll be able to call me Madame Frexit.
We are very, very far from recognising polygamy in our country, thank God.
We're going to reserve our efforts and our national solidarity for the most humble, the most modest, and the most poor among us.
Do we want a multicultural society, following the model of the English-speaking world, where fundamental Islam is progressing and we see major religious claims, or do we want an independent nation, with people able to control their own destiny, or do we accept to be a region managed by the technocrats of the European Union?
As it happens, the National Front has never been guilty of racism.
I'm in favour of a multi-polar world. I believe that every country has the right to defend its own interests.
If there's one thing that chafes French pride, it's seeing the British steal the limelight.
When, in 2015, Greece decided by referendum to reject Brussels' austerity plans, the European Union's antidemocratic response took no one by surprise: To deny the people's will had become a habit.
If you come to our country, don't expect to be taken care of, to be looked after, that your children will be educated without charge.
It does our Muslim compatriots no favors to fuel suspicions and leave things unspoken.
Without a policy restricting immigration, it becomes difficult, if not impossible, to fight against communalism and the rise of ways of life at odds with laicite - France's distinctive form of secularism - and other laws and values of the French Republic.
Jeanne d'Arc was frowned upon for her masculine attire.
I believe that all people aspire to be free.
I see particular commonalities in the rise of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders.
I am opposed to a multicultural France. I think that those who have a different culture and who arrive in France have to submit themselves to French culture.
I think that in France, we should do like the French people.
Saying... 'Come as you are, keep living like you do, keep your culture, and we will add all that together,' doesn't work.
You cannot force a country to do something that is against its own interests or against the democratic process.
What is the point in punishing a country?
France no longer has any borders because of the E.U.
Unfettered free trade has led to a disaster.
Russia is a European country, and so we'd better, if we want a powerful Europe, negotiate with Russia.
We are not going to welcome any more people. Stop - we are full up!
I think financial markets only look after their own interests.
I think that each country must protect its own borders, and that is why I'm simply asking for the abolition of Schengen.
I think that the elites have lived too long among themselves.
We cannot let ourselves be infantalized. We cannot let ourselves be stereotyped.
Money is one of the elements of sovereignty.
The people are rejecting so-called free trade and globalization that the elites presented as a positive thing.
2016 was the year the Anglo-Saxon world woke up.
I am sure 2017 will be the year the people of continental Europe wake up.
Was the Soviet Union reformable? I would say no. They said, 'Okay, the Soviet Union isn't working.' They would say, 'No, it's great. We just need democracy, political pluralism, private property.' And then there was no Soviet Union. The European Union is the same.
I would go to the European institutions, I would demand for the French people four sovereignties: territorial - our borders; monetary and budgetary; economic; and legislative. Either the European Union says yes to me, or they would say no, and I would say to the French, there is no only other solution but to leave the E.U.
We do not want to live under the yoke of the threat of Islamic fundamentalism.
Financial globalisation and Islamist globalisation are helping each other out. Those two ideologies want to bring France to its knees.
Frexit will be a part of my policy.
The people must have the opportunity to vote for the liberation from slavery and blackmail imposed by technocrats in Brussels to return sovereignty to the country.
I am against the policy which would promote the entry of immigrants into Europe, which cannot accept them.
We will be all about the local, not the global.
I'm asking the Israelis to choose their nationality. It doesn't mean that if they don't choose French nationality, they have to leave.
A national currency, with the Euro as a common currency - that wouldn't bother me.
I don't think that France is responsible for the Vel d'Hiv.
France has been mired in people's minds for years. In reality, our children are taught that they have every reason to criticize her, to see only the darkest historical aspects.
The PQ is diverse and vast. It's not monolithic.
I think patriotism is never racism.
This is the first aspiration of countries: we are the landlords in our countries so that they remain free, and we can live in security.
I think 2017 is going to be the year of the grand return of the nation-state, the control of borders and currencies.
Past leaders chose deregulated globalization. They said it would be happy; it turned out to be atrocious.
You can pass on my respects to the grand mufti, but I will not cover myself up.
Israel is not a European country and doesn't consider itself as such.
Honestly, the dangerous situation in which Jews in France live is such that those who walk with a kippa are in any case a minority, because they are afraid.
We had been told that it was not possible to leave the E.U., and the U.K. has just demonstrated that, when the people want it, we can set up the conditions to exit the E.U.
When I was still playing with dolls, I became aware of this terrible and incomprehensible thing for me: My father was not treated the same as others; we are not treated the same as others.
If I can recover the sovereignty, I think Europe will change completely. It will change radically. And if I cannot the sovereignty back, then I will ask the French people to leave the E.U.
The French want less Europe and more France.
The French are overwhelmingly convinced that the euro is a burden. Returning to an adapted national currency will create millions of jobs and give us back our freedom.
I cannot stand it when the French are asked in all circumstances to make sacrifices before the state cuts back on its own wasteful expenditures.
If there is one thing French Muslims want, it is to be rid of the daily pressures imposed on them by Islamic fundamentalists.
When a country loses its identity, it no longer knows what it is or where it comes from and what its real worth is. So it dissolves.
Without any action, this migratory influx will be like the barbarian invasion of the 4th century, and the consequences will be the same. We must immediately stop this madness to safeguard our social pact, freedom, and identity.
What we're concerned about is massive immigration of unskilled workers, mostly from the Maghreb and Africa, which pulls down salaries in France.
The euro is not a currency. It is a political weapon to force countries to implement the policies decided by the E.U. and keep them on a leash.
I don't say every country has to leave the euro... But we have to leave the possibility if a country wants to leave.
The euro is a potent tool used by Germany to engage in permanent monetary dumping.
When something favors France, I say so. When it doesn't, I say so, too.
I am the candidate who defends the superiority of politics over the administration, the bureaucracy, the economy, and so I think it is politics which must decide.
Look at how beautiful history is when liberty succeeds through the will of the people!
The United Kingdom has committed the heresy of breaking the chains of the E.U. This is a signal victory for democracy. It is a slap in the face to the European system which was increasingly based on fear, blackmail, and lies.
Rejoice in the great, free emancipation of peoples.
From my own country of France, I commit to pursuing the path of liberty - to be a free people.
The United States cannot have the image of warmongers, with all the potential consequences it could have for our respective countries.
I'm against the Right of money and the Left of money.
Mosques where sharia law prevails - they exist in France. Refusing to see that means that we do equate Islam with Islamic fundamentalism. We have to denounce and eradicate it.
There are some who believe that secularism and Islam are not compatible. But Muslims should show everyone that this is not the case. It's up to them to show that you can be French and Muslim and still respect secular rules.
I see no reason why France and Britain should not have excellent relations - we are old allies.
When people live on our territory and are not criminals, they do not dispute our laws or our ways of living, our customs, our values. I see no reason why we should not continue to welcome them in the French style.
Russia is not a threat to France - why should I be hostile to Russia.
I am opposed to those who have an ideological vision of immigration, and I think that, given the situation in France, it must stop.
Either one is French and can vote, or one is not French and cannot vote.
It is as a free French woman who has been able to enjoy, her whole life, the very precious freedoms fought for long and hard by our mothers and grandmothers, that I want to warn about a new form of social, human, and moral regression imposed on us by the migrant crisis.
I fear that the migratory crisis signals the beginning of the end of women's rights.
There is, toward the Front, a suspicion of anti-Semitism, and it is totally at odds with the real danger due to mass immigration and the rise of Islamism.
I recognize only one community: the national one.
The Republic is one and can't be divided: That's the Constitution! It means the Republic can't ground its action on local community criteria. Can't accept it.
France is a very attractive place: the health care system, for example.
There's a number of journalists and politicians who are interested in the rise of the National Front and the huge nationalist gathering, the movements that refuse the E.U. and want to go back to a Europe of nations, free and sovereign countries. I'm here to re-educate.
When the National Front was created, its main goal was against communism.
Jewish skullcaps are obviously not a problem in our country.
What would people say if I had only asked to ban Muslim clothing? They would burn me as a Muslim hater.
The struggle against radical Islam should be a joint struggle, and everyone should say, 'There - we are sacrificing something.'
The Catholic religion doesn't have conspicuous symbols.
If I were American, I'd vote everything but Hillary Clinton.
I consider that France does not have to submit to the calendar of the United States, so I want France to leave the integrated command of NATO.
I absolutely disagree that it was an illegal annexation: a referendum was held, and residents of Crimea chose to rejoin Russia.
Donald Trump presented for the French an infinitely less dangerous program than that of Hillary Clinton.
It is in the interest of France that the United States and Russia speak to each other and act in good faith against the scourge of terrorism in Syria, and contribute with our country to stabilizing a region where uncontrolled migrant flows begin today.
Our countries have been friends dating to the very existence of the United States. France is the only power that has never been at war with the United States.
The name of our country, France, still rings out like a call to freedom.
The petty logic of political parties cannot be allowed to stifle the French people's legitimate aspirations to safety and liberty.
I notice that freedom of expression of an E.U. member of Parliament who denounces the actions of ISIS allows the French government to take her to court.
We need a presidency which acts and protects us.
My first act as president will be to reinstate France's borders.
Behind mass immigration, there is terrorism.
Fight for victory until the very last minute.
I do not stop repeating it to French Jews... Not only is the National Front not your enemy, but it is without a doubt the best shield to protect you. It stands at your side for the defense of our freedoms of thought and of religion against the only real enemy: Islamist fundamentalism.
In France, we respect women: we don't beat them; we don't ask them to hide themselves behind a veil as if they were impure.
Islamism is a monstrous totalitarian ideology that has declared war on our nation, on reason, on civilization.
It's a choice of civilization. I will be the president of those French who want to continue living in France as the French do.
Just watch the interlopers from all over the world come and install themselves in our home. They want to transform France into a giant squat.
I consider that France and the Republic were in London during the occupation and that the Vichy regime was not France.
How can we think we are protected if terrorists can move around freely, if weapons can circulate freely?
I am the president who will protect you!
Long live the Republic, long live France.
The political groups who have taken the responsibility to elect Mr. Macron have been discredited.
My father was kicked out of the National Front. He does whatever he wants. It doesn't concern me anymore... I don't talk to him, and I'm not responsible for him or his inadmissible remarks.
My dear compatriots, I'm not interested in your race, your origin, your sexual orientation. What interests me is your happiness.
For the higher interest of the nation, you've got to be capable of hurting yourself.
Women can better perceive injustice.
We have seen a major decomposition of French political life, of the old political mainstream parties, and what we see now is a real new configuration which is emerging between the patriots and the new liberals.
