French,Actor
Sometimes you have to laugh about what gets published; sometimes it's annoying, but in general I don't care.
Imagination creates some big monsters.
I see my friends, my family, my cousins work all day long for very little money, and if I have this problem of not being able to wall on the streets, it's not a big deal.
And what's more I've got no need for anyone to tell me how to do it. I am not interested. You act how you want to and leave me alone to do my own thing.
I'm not a movie star like other actors in the way that I need to walk with a bodyguard.
It's like all the signs were telling me that I shouldn't be a boxer, so I quit.
Before, I was so stupid. But, you know, when you have friends who died on the street, you say, okay, let's calm down. It's not the kind of energy I want to have in life. I want to go slower, and longer.
I don't have goals in life.
There are two smells that I can recognize right away. The smell of the boxing ring and the smell of a garage. That's where I grew up. I can recognize these places with my eyes closed.
I quit after a bad car accident. The thing about boxing is that you can be a star for five or six years, but when you go back to the old life, it's tough.
It's nice to have some distance with your family. As long as you're closer to them by love.
If you compare me to an actor, I'm probably one of the best boxers in the profession. But if you compare me as a boxer, I'm probably one of the best actors.
Also, I have found that I really like to work in English. It's very strange because it's exactly the opposite of what I thought it would be like.
I don't feel restricted by the language: I feel more free.
I was born and raised in a suburb of Paris by a working-class family.
My father was champion of North Africa and he beat the European champ. He was very good, a professional for 12 years. We're from a big family of boxers. My father has seven brothers.
I wanted to become a champ - I was surrounded by champs in my family and in my neighborhood - and because of this stupid accident, I lost my opportunity.
I played a scene at the end of my first year, and that's how I was discovered.
The first time Adrian saw me was on tape. But you should know that this never works - never in the history of movies has someone been cast from a video.
But when you work with the director and the real person who is playing opposite you, it changes everything. You are almost in a working session. I was very comfortable, and that's maybe what helped me to get the part.
But what I really like are old Hollywood movies. Very often I watch AMC.
I really believe great actors, even with disease and age, can be great.
And I think it is the genius of actors to be able to escape whatever people are expecting of them. Otherwise you become like a factory worker.
People sometimes recognize me here, but they are very nice.
Otherwise, to be a movie star, it's a lot of compromise and also a lot of headaches. You can't do what you want. You become a prisoner of your fame. This happened to me in France and I don't want it.
I always say I was born too late in the world, too old.
