French,Writer
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
Society, being codified by man, decrees that woman is inferior; she can do away with this inferiority only by destroying the male's superiority.
Representation of the world, like the world itself, is the work of men; they describe it from their own point of view, which they confuse with the absolute truth.
I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom.
One is not born a woman, but becomes one.
The word love has by no means the same sense for both sexes, and this is one cause of the serious misunderstandings that divide them.
Man is defined as a human being and a woman as a female - whenever she behaves as a human being she is said to imitate the male.
When an individual is kept in a situation of inferiority, the fact is that he does become inferior.
I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for truth - and truth rewarded me.
I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity.
To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job.
No one is more arrogant toward women, more aggressive or scornful, than the man who is anxious about his virility.
It is old age, rather than death, that is to be contrasted with life. Old age is life's parody, whereas death transforms life into a destiny: in a way it preserves it by giving it the absolute dimension. Death does away with time.
One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman.
To make oneself an object, to make oneself passive, is a very different thing from being a passive object.
Defending the truth is not something one does out of a sense of duty or to allay guilt complexes, but is a reward in itself.
All oppression creates a state of war.
Retirement may be looked upon either as a prolonged holiday or as a rejection, a being thrown on to the scrap-heap.
In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man; either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation.
The most mediocre of males feels himself a demigod as compared with women.
If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat.
In the face of an obstacle which is impossible to overcome, stubbornness is stupid.
Life is occupied in both perpetuating itself and in surpassing itself; if all it does is maintain itself, then living is only not dying.
All the idols made by man, however terrifying they may be, are in point of fact subordinate to him, and that is why he will always have it in his power to destroy them.
Sex pleasure in woman is a kind of magic spell; it demands complete abandon; if words or movements oppose the magic of caresses, the spell is broken.
