French,Writer
Only great minds can afford a simple style.
If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
Life is too short, and the time we waste in yawning never can be regained.
The shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same.
Mathematics allows for no hypocrisy and no vagueness.
Logic is neither an art nor a science but a dodge.
A novel is a mirror carried along a main road.
True love makes the thought of death frequent, easy, without terrors; it merely becomes the standard of comparison, the price one would pay for many things.
The more a race is governed by its passions, the less it has acquired the habit of cautious and reasoned argument, the more intense will be its love of music.
The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.
Pleasure is often spoiled by describing it.
In love, unlike most other passions, the recollection of what you have had and lost is always better than what you can hope for in the future.
The Russians imitate French ways, but always at a distance of fifty years.
The great majority of men, especially in France, both desire and possess a fashionable woman, much in the way one might own a fine horse - as a luxury befitting a young man.
One can acquire everything in solitude except character.
All religions are founded on the fear of the many and the cleverness of the few.
The first qualification for a historian is to have no ability to invent.
People happy in love have an air of intensity.
To describe happiness is to diminish it.
God's only excuse is that he does not exist.
It is the nobility of their style which will make our writers of 1840 unreadable forty years from now.
Friendship has its illusions no less than love.
To be loved at first sight, a man should have at the same time something to respect and something to pity in his face.
Nothing is so hideous as an obsolete fashion.
I think no woman I have had ever gave me so sweet a moment, or at so light a price, as the moment I owe to a newly heard musical phrase.
