French,Musician
Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down.
I was an only child until I was 11 years old, which is when my sister was born. So for 11 years, it was just me.
I liked to play dress-up.
Well, my type is obviously creative. Creative, with burning eyes and a pretty mouth.
I realize how unique my path has been. And I'm thankful for that.
You fall for who the chemistry is with.
The idea of a soulmate is beautiful and very romantic to talk about it in a movie or a song, but in reality, I find it scary.
Fear can make all of us do the wrong things sometimes.
Not everyone is lucky enough to be given space and trust.
Love is the strongest and most fragile thing we have in life.
I am a complete sentimentalist when it comes to clothes. I have so many memories attached to them that I can't throw anything out.
It has been extraordinary, wonderful, I've been three feet off the ground since I made that first record.
The only thing I want to say is, I know I'm not Einstein, but I'm not the queen of the imbeciles either.
I was born in a suburb of Paris, and I grew up there until I was 16, so there were always a lot of barbecues, a garden, friends.
'Singin' in the Rain' was the one for me. Yeah. I mean, Gene Kelly could just sway and never fall. He'd just sway and sway as he danced.
I could sing in English before I could understand it because I phonetically learned it from the musicals.
I do sometimes strongly hope that in a past life, my most recent life before this, I was absolutely horrible, evil, hideous. Because otherwise - well, hell, to even things up next time around, I'm going to have to pay for this one, am I not?
In the winter I separate, in the summer I marry. It's been 15 years since I've been getting married every year.
You know, when I eat three peas, I'm pregnant. When I visit a city, I'm buying a house.
Cafe De Flore speaks of love, its joys, its pains and its dramas - to love and to lose. This story upset me, I was upside-down, in the depths of myself.
I love the romance of 'let's get married,' but then, when you have it so perfect... I mean, I'm more married than anybody can be - we have two kids. Maybe one day, but it's something I can really do without.
Nothing is ever for sure, but when something in love doesn't work from the beginning, it's never going to work. Don't push it.
I don't have the recipe for happiness, but I think the engine is simply having the desire.
I hate, for example, whenever you hear someone say, 'You have work at being a couple.'
When I started to record, I could sing in pitch, but that was maybe about it.
It's difficult when you want it all.
If you have the support of people with a heart and a brain, then you're good.
It's not my style to judge anybody.
I love clothes but I have spent so much of my professional life creating an image of one kind or another that it is nice not to care about it in life and let your skin breathe.
I'd rather sing a good lyric written by someone else than one of my own that is terrible.
People don't get through to the essence of you right away - it's always the famous 'girl' or the famous 'girlfriend'. I'd rather be known for myself.
