British,Composer
I put a hell of a lot of myself into 'Love Never Dies,' and I felt quite drained afterwards.
You're the luckiest person in the entire world if you know what you really want to do, which I was lucky enough to know when I was very young. And you're the luckiest person in the world if you can then make a living out of it.
I loved medieval architecture when I was very small; I don't know why.
Together, we can nurture the talent of the future and bring the empowering force of music and the arts to a new generation.
I was about 10, and I was supposed to be playing the piano at the school concert, and I got up in front of the whole school and said, 'I'm sorry. I'm changing the agenda. I want to play some songs I've written.'
My love of musical theater was certainly not typical. I mean, it was considered to be very, very abnormal, in fact!
Superstar was made so early in my career I had nothing to do with it at all. The first time I saw it was the opening screening.
I don't think I am that materialistic, actually. Obviously at home in the country the art collection is important, but we have one big room in the middle of the house where we do everything - the television, the kitchen, everything.
I got known as the school swot, which wasn't me at all.
I mean I don't really think about it. You know, do you know what I often say to myself? I think you're very lucky in life if you know what you want to do.
I've got to find something and if I find something that I like, I'll do it. If I don't, I won't.
I began to think, now is the time. I found quite a lot of opposition in Hollywood about the idea of doing a film musical and we ended up having to buy the rights back. I'm glad we did because it meant John and I were able to make exactly the movie we wanted.
The arts are the one thing that appeal right across all forms of politics, race, creed - everything.
What strikes me is that there's a very fine line between success and failure. Just one ingredient can make the difference.
I haven't written a score that's going to change the Western world or the musical as we presently know it.
Here's the truth. The proposed top rate of income tax is not 50 per cent. It is 50 per cent plus 1.5 per cent national insurance paid by employees plus 13.3 per cent paid by employers. That's not 50 per cent. Two years from now, Britain will have the highest tax rate on earned income of any developed country.
The one thing I have always felt about musical theatre is that it is, to an extraordinary degree, about construction.
The fact is that 'The Wizard Of Oz' has never really worked in the theatre. The film has one or two holes where, in the theatre, you need a song. For example, there's nothing for either of the two witches to sing.
Musicals are very collaborative. Unless you find somebody who wants to do something with you and has equal commitment, it's not going to work.
Musical theatre history is littered with bad reviews for now classic pieces.
It doesn't stand up to huge intellectual scrutiny.
And it sort of jogged a memory of something that I read at school and I read it, and I thought God this is it. So you never can tell. I could find something this afternoon.
Because her voice is, it's like the muscles and it develops all the time. That was the fantastic thing for us.
Corny answer is of course is that everyone who wants musicals are children in different ways, aren't they? So you think of them in different ways. There are things of mine I'm sorry haven't come here.
I guess the thing is that we remained huge friends after the original Phantom movie, when we decided it wouldn't take place and we just saw each other socially over the years so we were friends.
I guess we've had a very close relationship because I don't pretend to know about cinema and I think I do know a bit about theatre but he does, he respected that and so we really just had a collaboration which went completely like this.
All I've ever tried to do is get the best out of people and to bring a bit of humour into it. Unlike, say, 'The X-Factor,' which may be great TV, but has no humour at all.
Surely, you go to the theater because you want to have a great evening in the theater.
'Phantom of the Opera' started in my little 100-seater converted church in Britain with a stage where we did what we did. But it was the score itself was what made it.
As a composer at a point where I can absolutely pick and choose what I want to do, I don't want to write about anybody I don't care about.
One would be lying if one didn't say that one had melodies that I keep in my back pocket.
Two pieces of advice for young composers: Go away during technical rehearsals. And do not have a back operation.
A couple of back operations didn't cure anything, but instead, things got worse and worse and worse.
I wonder what would have happened if automation and computers had existed when 'Oklahoma!' was having its out-of-town try-out, and three days before closing in Boston, when it was still called 'Away We Go,' they added a new song called 'Oklahoma!' I don't think that could happen today. It's almost impossible to change musicals on the go now.
It's interesting that the wondrous 'Hamilton,' which I could not be more ecstatic about, has taken a long time to perfect to bring it to Broadway. And it wouldn't have been possible if it was developed in the commercial theatre from the get-go.
You cannot help but notice that schools that take music seriously tend to be more academically successful.
I've often thought that we left the original 'Phantom' with a little bit of a cliff hanger, and I thought, 'Well, why not to do a sequel to it' at one point.
'The Phantom of the Opera' is the biggest thing I've ever done, bigger even than 'Cats' which, in itself, I never thought we'd top.
Nobody ever thinks that the work they're going to do could ever be bigger than the one they do before, especially if you're lucky enough like I had to have such a huge thing as 'Phantom' was.
Glenn Slater is my lyricist who, of the new young lyricists coming along, is the most exciting, I think.
I've a rare Turkish swimming cat.
My wife says I can't remember if she has milk in coffee.
I have a very strong will.
Mobiles mean people know where you are.
I'm wondering whether to have someone go around with my mobile to completely throw everybody off the scent. I could appear in weird places.
I'm not a critic, and I never talk about other people's work.
Sometimes I get the story wrong, or it's the wrong story, and then things don't work.
You can't just sort of come with, say, 'Yesterday,' or 'A Hard Day's Night,' and it be in the wrong place in the wrong show, and expect the song to work theatrically.
I don't really care very much if I don't think that the critics really understand music.
'School of Rock' is fun. Hopefully, I've fleshed it out with a few catchy songs and kept the spirit of the original movie.
If you just want ten songs to fit somebody else's script, then I'm not really the composer for that.
Where I have come unstuck sometimes has mostly been to do with the stories not being quite right or not connecting with a contemporary audience.
I'm a ladies' man who can never make love. I'm resigned to that.
I'm alive. I have my music; I have my children. I am the luckiest man.
At one point I couldn't move or get out of bed or anything. I developed blood clots because I'd been completely inactive. Then they thought - because the pain was so much - I had an infection in the bones, so they gave me pills, which gave me a tummy infection. It's like a French farce.
Making good television is what Simon Cowell does. That's his business.
I never wanted to be a performer. I suppose I was precocious, really.
Disgracefully, the arts have too often borne the brunt of short-sighted cuts to educational budgets.
The plot of my 'Phantom' is pretty much mine. It's based on the Gaston Leroux book - I've taken a lot of liberties with it.
It never occurred to me that 'Phantom of the Opera' was the sort of subject that I'd want to do, because I just thought it was something that would be a bit jokey. 'Til I read the book.
What I can't tell is, I don't know if there's a subliminal resistance to the idea of a sequel to 'The Phantom of the Opera' anyway.
There's no getting around it: Writing is hard, while working with young performers is nearly always a joy.
I do want to write again. I hope to. But it's also important for me to realize, as I get older, that I don't have to be doing everything all at once.
We try to get the best performance out of the artists. There is no point in saying to them, 'You're useless.'
Since 'School of Rock' opened, for the first time in my career, ever, really, I've had a lot of projects offered to me. It's extraordinary. Normally, I've initiated them all myself.
If you look at my career... I couldn't possibly have chosen those subjects if I was thinking, 'That's a great commercial idea.' I'm not aware of a great musical where someone has done that.
Nothing will ever be as big as 'The Phantom of the Opera' for me.
After I had prostate cancer, I had something which was misdiagnosed which led to a load of back operations.
People like to put you into a box. I'm afraid I don't sit in a box.
'The Phantom of the Opera' is about love. It's as simple as that.
I have always tried with my shows - win, lose, or draw - to take the boundaries of music as far as I can.
You never know what will happen. There is a thing called zeitgeist. You have to hit it.
I want to get every church in the country on Wi-Fi.
They should go back to the medieval tradition, which is that the nave of the church is always used for local business.
I don't know what really makes a great musical or not. In the end, you write it, and you write it because you want to write it.
It may sound amazing to people today, but Rodgers and Hammerstein were considered by - how can I put it? - the sort of opinion-making tastemakers and everything to be 'off the scale as sentimental.'
I often think how lucky we were with 'Jesus Christ Superstar.'
I remember, once I was going through Nice airport with Roger Moore, and these kids came up and asked for our autographs. Afterwards, Roger said, 'It must be very strange for you. I'm an actor, and signing autographs is part of what I do. But you're a public figure who people don't really know.' He was right.
