American,Composer
There's something inimical about the camera and song.
The nice thing about doing a crossword puzzle is, you know there is a solution.
Musicals are plays, but the last collaborator is your audience, so you've got to wait 'til the last collaborator comes in before you can complete the collaboration.
My personal life and my artistic life do not interfere with each other.
All the best performers bring to their role something more, something different than what the author put on paper. That's what makes theatre live. That's why it persists.
After the Rodgers and Hammerstein revolution, songs became part of the story, as opposed to just entertainments in between comedy scenes.
If people have split views about your work, I think it's flattering. I'd rather have them feel something about it than dismiss it.
By the time I was 22, I was a professional. A young and flawed professional, but not an amateur.
The more restrictions you have, the easier anything is to write.
The worst thing you can do is censor yourself as the pencil hits the paper. You must not edit until you get it all on paper. If you can put everything down, stream-of-consciousness, you'll do yourself a service.
The fact is popular art dates. It grows quaint. How many people feel strongly about Gilbert and Sullivan today compared to those who felt strongly in 1890?
Every single song I've ever written is sung by a character created by somebody else. Some might have a jaundiced view of love, some don't. But none of these songs is me singing - not a single one.
I'm always conscious of what I'm writing, conscious of what the actor may ask me. I have a defense for nearly every line in the song.
One of the hardest things about writing lyrics is to make the lyrics sit on the music in such a way that you're not aware there was a writer there.
Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
I'm a great audience. I cry very easily. I suspend disbelief in two seconds.
Oscar Hammerstein was a surrogate father during all those many days, and weeks and months when I didn't see my own father.
If you're dealing with a musical in which you're trying to tell a story, it's got to sound like speech. At the same time it's got to be a song.
Musicals are, by nature, theatrical, meaning poetic, meaning having to move the audience's imagination and create a suspension of disbelief, by which I mean there's no fourth wall.
I think 'lunch' is one of the funniest words in the world.
When the audience comes in, it changes the temperature of what you've written.
On stage, generally speaking, the story is stopped or held back by songs, because that's the convention. Audiences enjoy the song and the singer, that's the point.
A close-up on screen can say all a song can.
I'm very opinionated about movie musicals when they're adapted from live shows. You'll sit still for a three-minute song in a theater. But in movies, a glance from someone's eyes will tell you the whole story in a few seconds.
The movie adaptations of stage musicals that I've seen, without exception, in my opinion don't work. A lot of people would disagree with me.
Generally, the best recording is the original cast, because that's the way the piece grew: integrally, with them.
When I was growing up, there was no such thing as Off-Broadway. You either got your show on or you didn't.
Musical comedies aren't written, they are rewritten.
I chose and my world was shaken. So what? The choice may have been mistaken; the choosing was not. You have to move on.
I was raised to be charming, not sincere.
Nice is different than good.
My idea of heaven is not writing.
I'm interested in the theater because I'm interested in communication with audiences. Otherwise I would be in concert music.
I love the theater as much as music, and the whole idea of getting across to an audience and making them laugh, making them cry - just making them feel - is paramount to me.
When the song is part of the action and working as dialogue, even two minutes is way too long.
My parents weren't around much, but I assumed everybody's family was the same. I didn't know people had mummies and daddies who would give them milk and cookies after school. I just thought everybody lived on Central Park West and they had a nanny to take care of them.
I was a mathematician by nature, and still am - I just knew I didn't want to be a mathematician. So I decided not to take any mathematics courses.
I happen to like movies and plays about dislikeable people as long as I get to know why they are what they are.
I have inherited my father's sense of humour about myself. It's a lot more pleasant to make fun of yourself than when someone else does.
I don't find my life that interesting. The shows, maybe. But not me.
I have, by nature, an analytical mind.
Everybody faces a blank piece of paper, no matter what they've written or painted or composed before. I can't imagine approaching every single new project with-without doubt.
I certainly wanted my name in lights. I wanted my name on a marquee. I wanted recognition on Broadway.
