American,Athlete
Authenticity is everything! You have to wake up every day and look in the mirror, and you want to be proud of the person who's looking back at you. And you can only do that if you're being honest with yourself and being a person of high character. You have an opportunity every single day to write that story of your life.
Surround yourself with really good people. I think that's an important thing. Because the people you surround yourself are a reflection of you.
To me, the flag represents the greatest ideals of the United States of America, not the worst, but different people look at different things and have different feelings about it. That's what freedom of expression is all about.
The beauty of our country is that when it was founded that they took some time to lay out civil liberties in the first 10 Amendments - the Bill of Rights. I'm a firm believer in those civil liberties and the ability to have your own opinion.
For me, it's always been about preparation, and the more prepared I can be each week, the less pressure I feel and the more confident I am. As your confidence grows, it's only natural that the pressure you feel diminishes.
I think it is all about finding ways to challenge yourself.
Five letters here just for everybody out there in Packer-land: R-E-L-A-X, Relax. We're going to be OK.
I've gotten to learn what's important in life and what's not important, and what to spend energy on and what not to. I don't have a family like some of my teammates, but I have a lot of things pulling at me that I have to put my energy into.
When you really start figuring things out as a quarterback, you realize you don't have to be perfect every time, but you do have to be quick and decisive.
I'm at a point where there isn't any wasted movement in the throwing motion. Everything is consistent and smooth. When I first got into the league, I held the ball really high. That was the standard in college, and it messed up my timing a little bit - the draw, bringing it back, then the release.
I've spent years trying to time up my drops with my throws. You learn to listen to your feet and trust your positions.
It takes a career, a lifetime, to build up a reputation, and only one misstep for it all to crumble away.
How you deal with adversity says a lot about the kind of players you've got and the kind of team we've got.
That's what really motivates me: to make my coaches proud, my teammates proud, and the fans proud.
I want to be the best. I want to be counted on by my teammates. I want to be counted on by this organization and the fans. I want to be someone they know is going to bring it every single week. I prepare to be the best.
I think you need to be intentional at times about your leadership - where you're eating lunch, who you're interacting with, making guys feel like you're interested in what they're doing. If it's authentic, then it's going to be an easy conversation and easy hangout time.
I feel like I've set the bar fairly high, and I want to keep living up to that bar.
I'm just going to say I'm not gay. I really, really like women. That's all I can really say about that.
I think that, as athletes, sometimes we have the opportunities to make an impact. When it's authentic, I think there's room to share your opinion in an appropriate way.
I'm fulfilling my dreams that I had as a kid every single day. That's why I'm trying to enjoy it so much.
As you get older, the summer is less of a vacation and more of a training period by yourself away from the team. It's exciting for me. I felt like I've been really getting better as far as my conditioning every single season as I get older.
The NCAA makes so much money off of their kids, and they put ridiculous - absolutely ridiculous - restrictions on everything that they can do.
You talk all the time about being connected, being a unit, believing in each other. But if you have unnamed sources, people out there cutting you down, and then you find out it's the person calling the plays - that would be really hard to deal with, to look at him the same way.
I know a lot is going to be on our shoulders, especially the way we're starting games out. We have to start faster; I have to be sharper from the start, and I will be. And I'm confident that if we can get this thing started out a little better each week that we can get on that roll and be tough to stop.
I think as you get older, you realize there's always going to be critics. Critics are going to win every time because they can change their critique based on the stats and their own personal feelings. It's less about proving people wrong, the critics wrong, and it's more about challenging myself to keep this level up.
Playing the quarterback position, there are so many things you need to master that improvement ends up taking place on graduated levels.
I've gotten to know a lot of great people here in all the different sports. It's fun. It's fun to get involved where you live. And this is where I live. I'm a registered voter here. I have my Wisconsin driver's license.
You always have to be on at times, and occasionally people get upset if you say no to a picture when you're eating dinner or something, and that's kind of the hard part. Or if you get crazy rumors that swirl around you from time to time that are just silly.
When it comes to setting the market values, I let that stuff take care of itself. I know my value in this league, and I know the team appreciates me. I'm going to continue to make myself an indispensable part of this roster. When you do that, when your time comes up to get a contract, you usually get a contract extension.
This is what we get paid to do, is to bring it every week, and I hope the guys would say I bring it every week. I mean, I love this game, and I bring energy.
Everybody eats a little differently, but the more where you are aware of what you put in your body and how it affects your performance, the better opportunities you have. And that's what I'm trying to do.
When you're competitive, the last thing you want to do is come out of a game, regardless of what kind of injury it is - whether it's an ankle, a knee, a rib, or a head injury.
I like to push the limit to how much air we can put in the football, even go over what they allow you to do and see if the officials take air out of it.
We got to think of other ways to help these kids out because there's a lot of kids who get hurt in college and then don't make it to the NFL and don't have insurance, and their entire lives are changed when they put their bodies on the line for their school.
