American,Actor
If everyone were a good person, it'd obviously be a better world.
I need to listen to chill music when I'm driving. It prevents road rage.
I love diving into different skins, skins that make me feel deep emotions.
I saw a lot of people have success handed to them that then exploited it. They didn't protect it or cherish it.
My heart is in independent film-making. For me, it's where the fun, gritty storytelling is being told.
I don't even draw on my life experiences when I'm acting. I just try and make it feel like I'm living through that person's skin.
I'm trying to have some longevity in this business. If that means not working for a while and just picking the right job, so be it.
Yeah, I left Idaho at 17. You know, I graduated high school a year early and just, you know, the typical story, packed up my car and moved out.
I moved back to Idaho when I was 6 or 7 and then lived in a little town called Twin Falls and then moved to Boise. So quite different from L.A. I'd been to Disneyland a couple of times, and that was the closest I'd been to L.A.
You feel like you're really a part of a movement when you're singing Journey at a karaoke bar.
It's very exciting to be able to just work in this business, let alone on stuff you are extremely proud of. So it does make me a little nervous, because 'Breaking Bad' is so special. It's great being part of something so great because people pay attention to you, hopefully because you're doing good work.
People get in fights because they don't communicate, because you don't want to hurt the other person.
I have 14 nieces and nephews.
When I first started, I just wanted to work. I wouldn't necessarily do anything, but I'd pretty much almost do anything at the very beginning.
The first part of my career, how I was paying the bills was commercials. I was just doing tons of commercials.
I mean, I've never really had much security, to be honest.
I grew up all over Idaho - I was born in Emmett, a very small town.
I think by eighth grade I knew I wanted to be an actor. I'd done church plays and stuff, but my first actual acting class was in eighth grade. I was obsessed with it.
I think that for some people faith is good - they have something to draw to.
Thank you, Hollywood, for allowing me to be part of your group.
I'm just in love with Burberry. Always have been, always will be.
I'm a character actor.
I love playing odd roles.
I'm not a leading man.
I've grown so much, not just as an actor, but as a human being.
I didn't come from any money, but even when I was on 'Big Love' - people think you're on a series and you're making bank.
It's all about trying to be very careful about what your next role or what your next move is gonna be. It's all about trying to have longevity in this business and make smart choices.
It's so funny, I've done so many projects where I've been interrogated. I guest starred on almost every hour drama, and I'm always the guy they think is the bad guy but then they find out is not.
I never really thought of myself as being an action hero or a leading man or any of that. I'm a character actor.
That's what's so great about television. You're able to tell this long story, where you couldn't really do that in a film because you have to tell a story in an hour and a half or two hours.
I've got to be honest and say that, growing up, I wasn't a big sports guy, but I love the camaraderie. I just love people getting together, fighting for a team and getting super-emotional about it.
I was on the snowboard team at my school, but that was the only sports team I was on. I played soccer growing up in elementary school.
I'm obsessed with Radiohead. They're just the greatest band on the planet.
I always gravitate towards characters that are so opposite of me.
I love coming of age stories that have struggle.
From the very beginning, I've always just wanted to do something I've never done before. I'm still just trying to be on that path. It's all about working with filmmakers that you believe in.
You can tell if you're going to be into a script within the first five or ten pages - if I'm not completely engaged by page 20, I just have to give up on it.
You've got to be picky in this business - if you're not, then I don't think you have the option of longevity. You've got to be choosy and try and do something that's outside of the box and dangerous. I love doing stuff that excites me, gives me that adrenalin rush.
I've been a fan of Burberry for a very long time and they've been so supportive of me for many years.
I moved out to Los Angeles a fan of many people, and meeting people I put on a pedestal that just disappointed me. Without fans, this business would not exist, so I try and say that we're all on the same level.
With this film, 'Need For Speed,' with this, we had a blank canvas to work with. What we had to do was have fast cars, and that's it.
I knew that I tend to always gravitate to the indie side of things.
On a big film, there's almost no way you can meet everyone. On an indie, there are 30 people and no trailers to duck into.
A lot of people get emotional in movies that are cartoons, but not in TV shows.
I got spoiled on 'Breaking Bad.' Playing the same guy for four or five seasons, you get to really explore who the character is.
I always gravitate towards the independent side of things, just because those are the stories I always fall in love with, but you don't really get paid, and living in Los Angeles is expensive, and I have a mortgage to pay. So it's good to jump onto a studio film and then in all my other time do small passion projects.
My father's a Southern Baptist minister. I wasn't lighting cars on fire; I just wasn't.
I've been snowboarding my whole life. My wife's really good, and I just try to keep up with her.
