American,Actress
My mom didn't ever think I would take to acting because I was a very shy, very reserved kind of child. But obviously, something changed!
It's cheesy, but having a pimple or a bad hair day isn't going to matter in five years. I don't always remember that, but I try.
I'm from New York. I have a non, neutral accent. It can go any way you want.
I'd like to do more TV; TV is completely different than working in movies in a lot of ways, it's like making a really compact movie. Because you don't have as much time, especially hour long shows, they move so quickly.
I made my first movie when I was five.
I love animated movies in general. I like making them.
I love Chicago.
I like to have sleepovers.
It's never really fun to have to cry in a scene or anything like that.
I've been really lucky with the people that I've gotten to work with. I learn a lot from them, just by watching them.
I like English, and I like writing essays, and that kind of stuff.
I'm a huge horror movie fan. Beyond belief.
I'd love to work with Michelle Williams. I think that she's incredible. She's such a great actress and I love her.
Well, you know, I never want to feel like I have a set plan of what I'm supposed to do. I kind of like to go script by script, and if I like the character and like the story that's why I want to do a movie.
I never want to play the same character twice. I like to do different roles. I have fun with that.
I've never had a treehouse because I live in New York City. It would be a little bit hard to fit a treehouse in a New York City apartment.
I have a really great family, and when I'm not filming, I go home and walk the dogs, take out the garbage, clean my room, all that stuff. My family and my friends keep me in line, and make sure I don't get crazy.
I really like to cook.
What's my favourite food? One you order out.
People say, like, 'Are you a regular person?' 'Well, I'm not a robot, if that's what you're asking, I really am a person.'
I've always been a huge fan of the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' movies.
I'm pretty boring.
I would love to do a 'Scream'-type movie.
I try to make myself do things for other people when I'm feeling down. Like, you can call your local hospital and help out in the pediatric unit.
Well, my brother started acting before I did.
I don't really like to talk about other people. I think people who have things going on in their lives, I think they have enough to deal with, they don't need, you know, Abigail Breslin weighing in on their lives.
