American,Journalist
The minimum wage can play a vital role in lifting hard-working families above the poverty line.
Being unemployed - or working at minimum wage - is rough in the best of circumstances.
A federal Voters' Bill of Rights could press the states to put non-partisan managers in charge of elections.
People's genes can say a great deal about their health. There are genes that reveal an increased likelihood of getting cancer, heart disease or Alzheimer's.
In the James Cameron blockbuster 'Avatar,' 3-D cinematography is the real star. The bugs and crawling creatures seem to slither into the theater seats. The floating mountains of the planet Pandora hover gloriously overhead. And the Na'Vi, Pandora's 10-foot-tall, blue-skinned natives, come convincingly to life.
Corporations have enormous treasuries, and there are a lot of things they want from government, many of which clash with the public interest.
Supporters of tough voter ID laws are not afraid of vote fraud - they are afraid of democracy.
Our movements reveal a great deal about who we are. A record of our locations over time can reveal whether we go to tent revivals or radical political meetings, abortion clinics or AIDS doctors.
If apes are given the right to humane treatment, it just might become harder to deny that same right to their human cousins.
With increased awareness should come greater caution about how confessions are used at trial - and a greater willingness to overturn convictions when it becomes clear that a confession was untrue.
The anti-New Deal line is wrong as a matter of economics. F.D.R.'s spending programs did help the economy and created millions of new jobs.
An election in which people have to wait 10 hours to vote, or in which black voters wait in the rain for hours, while white voters zip through polling places, is unworthy of the world's leading democracy.
Amazon is holding its own because the service it provides - offering millions of books and other items quickly and easily from home at any hour of the day or night - is a real one, and one that was impossible before there was an Internet.
There was a rule, back when I was an education lawyer in Alabama, about visiting public schools: always go on a rainy day so you can see how badly the roofs leak.
Patents have a place in medical science - for new inventions that advance the state of knowledge.
Social Security, all public and no option, rescued older Americans from living their final years in poverty.
In zombie horror, the juxtaposition of the calm world of the living and the menace of the undead inspires terror. In zombie comedy, like 'Pride and Prejudice and Zombies,' it is played for laughs.
One way to reduce the need for layoffs would be to cut back on hours, spreading the available work among more employees.
To a generation beaten down by skyrocketing unemployment, plunging retirement savings, and mounting home foreclosures, 'Mad Men' offers the schadenfreude-filled message that their predecessors were equally unhappy - and that the bleakness meter in American life has always been set on high.
Ballot formats should be standardized nationally rather than left to the often bad judgment of local officials.
The remarkable thing about 'Avatar' is the degree to which the technology is integral to the story. It is important to show Pandora and its Na'Vi natives in 3-D because 'Avatar' is fundamentally about the moral necessity of seeing other beings fully.
The worst excesses of the dot-com era are gone.
When tulip mania dies down, all that remains are pretty flowers. When bubbles burst, nothing is left but soapy residue. But the Internet revolution, for all its speculative excesses, really is changing the world.
The Enron scandal is worthy of the highest level of scrutiny, both because of the enormity of the crimes that may have been committed and because of what the largest bankruptcy in American history has already begun to reveal about the weaknesses in our nation's corporate structures and regulatory oversight.
Republicans and blacks had an unlikely alliance around 'max black' after the 1990 census. By concentrating black voters in some districts, the strategy elected a record number of black congressmen in 1992. But the remaining 'bleached' districts were more likely to elect white Republicans.
In a perfect world, we would have put users in control of their information when the Internet was first created.
Law graduates have always ended up in business, government, journalism and other fields. Law schools could do more to build these subjects into their coursework.
The blogosphere makes it possible to have a sprawling national conversation about the hard times - often among people who would never find each other offline.
Anti-New Deal rhetoric has never disappeared from American political life.
The civil rights and antiwar movements taught Americans to question authority.
Mass layoffs produce big winners and losers. Most workers who remain are financially unscathed, even though their employer is struggling.
'Hard Times' does not romanticize the Depression, but at least a few of Mr. Terkel's subjects managed to find silver linings.
The press should not get special privileges - if they drive recklessly or put people in danger, they should be subject to every reckless driving and endangerment law on the books - but they should also not be singled out for special punishment.
There is no actual need to tighten voter ID rules: there have been extraordinarily few instances of people committing fraud at the polls.
Voter ID laws have a disproportionate impact on groups that lean democratic - including blacks, hispanics and students.
Voting in presidential and congressional elections is a national right - and the national government should protect it.
Twitter, Facebook, and other social media outlets have a great deal of information about all of us - and the government wants to be able to see it.
DMs are a lot like email - and should have the same privacy protections as a mailed letter.
If the courts regarded tweets and other social media information as private, it would not prevent the law enforcement from getting information it really needs. But the government would have to get a search warrant, which requires it to show that it has probable cause connecting what is being searched to a crime.
For technology companies, information about what people do online is extremely valuable - it can be used to sell targeted advertising or sold to data clearinghouses.
The public has a right to know what kind of monitoring the government is doing, and there should be a public discussion of the appropriate trade-offs between law enforcement and privacy rights.
Gun violence in the U.S. is an epidemic.
When the gun lobby fights gun-control legislation, its logic is clear: it does not like laws that prevent people from owning or using guns.
Even a single Justice can have a profound impact on the country.
As long as there have been elections, there have been attempts to keep eligible people from voting.
Congress needs to toughen the laws protecting elections and make clear that anyone interfering with democracy will pay a stiff price.
The Senate should refuse to confirm nominees who do not take Congressional power seriously.
Defending Congressional authority should not be a partisan issue.
Mississippi's loose campaign finance laws allow lawyers and companies to contribute heavily to the judges they appear before. That is terrible for justice, since the courts are teeming with perfectly legal conflicts of interest.
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is the major achievement of President Obama's first term.
Conservative Justices have a history of not standing by their professed commitment to judicial restraint.
The Supreme Court's most conservative Justices have presented themselves as great respecters of precedent and opponents of 'judicial activism' - of judges using the Constitution to strike down laws passed by the elected branches of government. If they are true to those principles, they should uphold rent control.
If the Supreme Court rules that rent control is an unconstitutional taking of property, it would put all sorts of zoning rules in danger.
There is no way to undo what happened in the Zimmerman-Martin encounter, but some good can still come of it: it could lead states to repeal their misguided 'Stand your ground' laws.
The gap between being a bad person and being a criminal is often wide.
If the FBI gets the 'back doors' it wants, Internet services would be required to create a massive online infrastructure for law enforcement to spy on members of the public.
One of the great debates about the Internet is whether it is making people more or less free.
It is not hard to see why the FBI wants wiretapping backdoors. It would certainly make its job easier. But rejiggering the Internet so government can conveniently monitor everything we say and do online is too high a price to pay for making law enforcement more efficient.
There is no room on the federal bench for a judge who does not treat all people as equal before the law.
A smart phone essentially creates a dossier of your travels, and consumers have no control over who will eventually see that information.
It's tempting to engage in anti-gun polemics and hope that popular opinion will dramatically shift, but it is also likely a mistake. The smarter course for those who want stronger federal gun-control laws anytime soon is legislative stewardship and compromise.
Civil lawsuits do two important things: they compensate people who are injured by the bad acts of others, and they penalize people and companies for bad behavior.
If a company knows it may have to pay a large amount of money if it poses an unreasonable threat to others, it will have a strong incentive to act better.
Lawsuits prod companies to make their products safer.
Too often, animal-rights supporters seem to care about animals to the exclusion of people.
Federal law should hold organizations like the League of Women Voters harmless if they make good-faith mistakes while registering people.
Serving up ads based on behavioral targeting can itself be an invasion of privacy, especially when the information used is personal.
There is no need for neighborhood informants and paper dossiers if the government can see citizens' every Web site visit, e-mail and text message.
It is one thing to say that there is a constitutional right to keep a gun at home for protection. It is quite another to say there is a constitutional right to bring a hidden gun into a daycare center.
If we are going to have self-driving cars, the technical specifications should be quite precise.
As self-driving cars become more common, there will be a flood of new legal questions.
A key reason that elections are run so badly is that in most states, political partisans are in charge.
The United States may be a religious nation. But it is also a nation with a strong commitment to separation of church and state.
