American,Vice President
As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.
Today we're dumping 70 million tons of global-warming pollution into the environment, and tomorrow we will dump more, and there is no effective worldwide response. Until we start sharply reducing global-warming pollution, I will feel that I have failed.
The conversation on global warming has been stalled because a shrinking group of denialists fly into a rage when it's mentioned.
Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo.
The entire North Polar ice cap is disappearing before our very eyes. It's been the size of the continental United States for the last 3 million years and now 40 percent is gone and the rest of it is going.
There are many who would much prefer that the word 'climate' never be mentioned and that the issue be eliminated from our national conversation.
The signs that the world is spinning out of kilter are increasingly difficult to misinterpret. The question is how to convince enough people to join a critical mass of urgent opinion, in the U.S. and the rest of the world.
A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
I think the cost of energy will come down when we make this transition to renewable energy.
Civil disobedience has an honourable history, and when the urgency and moral clarity cross a certain threshold, then I think that civil disobedience is quite understandable, and it has a role to play.
No matter how hard the loss, defeat might serve as well as victory to shake the soul and let the glory out.
It's a blessing to have work that feels fulfilling.
Our world faces a true planetary emergency. I know the phrase sounds shrill, and I know it's a challenge to the moral imagination.
I flew on Air Force Two for eight years, and now I have to take off my shoes to get on an aeroplane.
The science linking the increased frequency and severity of extreme weather to the climate crisis has matured tremendously in the last couple of years.
As I have said for many years throughout this land, we're borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change.
I was in elective politics for 24 years. I've made four national races, two for President, two for Vice President. I have found there are other ways to serve, and I'm enjoying them.
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
The struggle against poverty in the world and the challenge of cutting wealthy country emissions all has a single, very simple solution... Here it is: Put a price on carbon.
Population growth is straining the Earth's resources to the breaking point, and educating girls is the single most important factor in stabilizing that. That, plus helping women gain political and economic power and safeguarding their reproductive rights.
I drive a hybrid, and we've changed our light bulbs and windows and installed solar panels and geothermal ground source heat pumps and most everything else.
I'm old enough to know that a red carpet's just a rug, and I've been able to enjoy the pageantry without letting it go to my head.
In digital era, privacy must be a priority. Is it just me, or is secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous?
A zebra does not change its spots.
I took the initiative in moving forward a whole range of initiatives that have proven to be important to our country's economic growth, environmental protection, improvements in our educational system.
When people flirt with despair about the future, they are less likely to take the actions necessary to safeguard it, focusing instead on the short-term.
There is the natural tendency that all of us are vulnerable to, to deny unpleasant realities and to look for any excuse to push them away and resolve to think about them another day long in the future.
George Bush taking credit for the wall coming down is like the rooster taking credit for the sun rising.
I've learned the importance of changing people's minds at the grassroots level so that whoever does run will have a much better chance of encountering public opinion that reaches a critical mass and brings about a change not only in White House policies but in the Congress and in the state legislatures and all around the world.
How could this Y2K be a problem in a country where we have Intel and Microsoft?
I think George W. Bush has a warm, engaging personality. But, you know, the presidency is more than just a popularity contest.
Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power.
Our democracy, our constitutional framework is really a kind of software for harnessing the creativity and political imagination for all of our people. The American democratic system was an early political version of Napster.
We're all capable of mistakes, but I do not care to enlighten you on the mistakes we may or may not have made.
The Bush administration works closely with a network of rapid response digital brownshirts who work to pressure reporters and their editors for 'undermining support for our troops.'
Hey, you know what, I've gotta go on that 'Letterman' show. That show is so lame.
A president who breaks the law is a threat to the very structure of our government.
As president, I will bring all the parties and stakeholders together. I am going to come up with a solution that respects the environment and does not cause an upheaval in the economy.
The heart of the security agenda is protecting lives - and we now know that the number of people who will die of AIDS in the first decade of the 21st Century will rival the number that died in all the wars in all the decades of the 20th century.
You know the old saying: you win some, you lose some... and then there's that little-known third category.
We are going to have the best educated American people in the world.
I see myself in the mold of Rin Tin Tin. It didn't go to his head either.
America's political system has evolved over the last 50 years in ways that have enhanced the power of business lobbies.
The Internet empowers individuals to play a more active role in the political process, as Obama's campaign has manifested.
The Bush-Cheney administration had betrayed some basic American values. So there was hunger for change.
There is an air of unreality in debating these arcane points when the world is changing in such dramatic ways right in front of our eyes because of global warming.
I do genuinely believe that the political system is not linear. When it reaches a tipping point fashioned by a critical mass of opinion, the slow pace of change we're used to will no longer be the norm. I see a lot of signs every day that we're moving closer and closer to that tipping point.
It's not unusual to find big political shifts that take place beneath the surface before they're visible above the surface.
I remember as a boy when the conversation on civil rights was won in the South. I remember a time when one of my friends made a racist joke and another said, 'Hey man, we don't go for that anymore.'
The dominance of short-term perspectives has led to routine decisions in the markets that sacrifice the long-term buildup of genuine value in pursuit of artificial, short-term gains.
I did very extensive diligence on Al Jazeera English, the network from which Al Jazeera America is going to be derived, and it's really very clear that they have long since established a reputation for excellence and integrity and objectivity.
I wrote newspaper articles professionally for seven years, and I love newspapers.
I take no pleasure in the fact that the scientific predictions I've relayed to popular audiences turn out to be true.
For a free country to continue thriving, there have to be regular reforms, because any society, any economy that stays in place, you're going to see repeated attempts to exploit the openings for twisting policy to the advantage of those who already have wealth and power.
The Congress is virtually incapable of passing any reforms unless they first get permission from the powerful special interests who are most affected by the proposal.
The golden thread of reason that used to be stretched taut to mark the boundary between the known and the unknown is now routinely disrespected.
