American,Comedian
I've learned how to use my spam filter pretty effectively.
How can you get bored if the audience is cheering and laughing at something you're doing?
Whenever I do a parody it's not meant to make you hate anybody's music really.
As my father used to tell me, the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living that which makes you happy.
Somebody will come up to me after a show and have me sign their arm, and the next time I see them my autograph has been permanently inscribed on their arm.
You fake something until you're good at it.
I don't really look at myself as the kind of person who craves attention, but I've never been to therapy so there's probably a lot of stuff about myself that I don't know.
I did have a child, and I was reading a lot of picture books to her, but at the same time writing a children's book was something that I'd been wanting to do for many years, pretty much since the start of my career.
Some people want to advertise their weirdness, and spread it out, that's not me.
There aren't that many superstars around anymore.
When I was a kid, I thought I was going to be an architect, because when I was 12 years old I had a guidance counselor that convinced me that that was the best career choice for me.
At this point I've got a bit of a track record. So people realize that when 'Weird Al' wants to go parody, it's not meant to make them look bad... it's meant to be a tribute.
What kind of morons do you have working at newspapers in Austin that would base an entire review of an artist's performance on whether or not they had a good seat?
So that's why one of my rules of parody writing is that it's gotta be funny regardless of whether you know the source material. It has to work on its own merit.
I make charts of songs that are good candidates, good targets, so to speak. Then I try to come up with ideas for parodies. And 99% of those ideas are horrible.
One of the hardest things I've had to deal with in my career is keeping my material topical even though I only release albums every three or four years.
As much as people are griping about the Internet taking sales away from artists, it's been a huge promotional tool for me.
By the time I'm in the studio recording my parody, 10,000 parodies of that song are on YouTube.
The irony is of course that my career has lasted a whole lot longer than some of the people I've parodied over the years.
I'm still a geek on the inside, that's the important thing.
There are a lot of songs that would ostensibly be a good candidate for parody, yet I can't think of a clever enough idea.
It's hard to really articulate what the parameters are that make one song parody-able and another song not, but if I can come up with a good enough idea for it, I go for it, and if not, then I have to move on.
My personal taste doesn't enter into it a lot when I make my decisions as to what to parody.
So I'm one of the few celebrities that got to do a repeat performance on 'The Simpsons,' which I'm very flattered by.
When I go to my live shows it's often a multigenerational audience, a family bonding experience.
As a kid, I certainly never thought I would get to spend my life doing something fun.
I don't think there are any new media I'd like to cover.
I've done a movie and a TV series, and someday I'd like to do a successful movie and a successful TV series. That would be nice.
There are probably a few library fines I haven't paid yet, but I'm a pretty clean-cut guy overall.
Pop culture's gotten much more disposable.
It's hard to force creativity and humor.
I think that nerds, if you want to call them that, have only gotten more hip and assimilated into the culture.
You don't need to be defined by your job.
