American,Actor
Remember, sex is like a Chinese dinner. It ain't over 'til you both get your cookie.
Manhattan is like Beverly Hills. And the soul of New York has moved to Brooklyn, where everything new and exciting seems to be.
I just love Rome. It really does cast a spell on you.
Getting older is hard.
The campaign finance scandal in America is the global warming of American political life - with cash substituting for deadly solar radiation.
I think I'm just like a lot of people who had nothing.
There's a way I could have done things differently. I know that. If I offended anyone along the way, I do apologize.
There's less critical thinking going on in this country on a Main Street level - forget about the media - than ever before. We've never needed people to think more critically than now, and they've taken a big nap.
I never thought of myself as a wealthy person. I've thought of myself as a person who has had a lot of luck. I don't have the same stress that other people have, but there are too many things I could have done differently if wealth was what I was after. If I was all about money, I would have lived in L.A.
I have my older daughter Ireland and my wife Hilaria, and I have Carmen and Rafael.
I find myself bitter, defensive, and more misanthropic than I care to admit.
When I get onstage in a play, I feel very safe, very protected, very fulfilled.
Twitter and Tumblr and Vine and Instagram and Facebook and Myspace, all these things are social media tools that we were all told we had to have, and what we're realizing is that, no you don't! No you don't.
I started out as an actor, where you seek to understand yourself using the words of great writers and collaborating with other creative people. Then I slid into show business, where you seek only an audience's approval whether you deserve it or not.
I know there's an impression that I'm someone who seeks to have violent confrontations with people. I don't. Do I regret screaming at some guy who practically clipped my kid in the head with the lens of a camera? Yeah, I probably do, because it's only caused me problems.
Everything that Bush touches turns to manure in public policy.
My life, in some ways, has been a half-measure. I didn't commit myself all the way to my marriage and family, because I would have given up more. And I didn't go all the way with just being completely selfish. I always wonder where my career would be if I was more selfish.
As a lifelong Democrat, I never thought I'd lead an effort to defend the symbol of the Republican Party. But when I saw the cruelty that Ringling inflicts on elephants every day across the country, I had to speak up.
I don't think acting is addictive. If I stopped acting tomorrow, I really wouldn't care. If you told me that I would have to sell real estate in New York City to look after my family, that would be fine with me.
There's three things: there's masculinity, there's intelligence, there's sensitivity. You've got to bring those three things to a leading man's role: masculinity, sensitivity, intelligence. In some people, there's a little too much in the mix of one or the other.
I hope people will learn more about agriculture in America. About locally grown farming and about water conservation. About how much pollution results from beef and pig farming.
Success begets success. I've been offered a lot of movies now that '30 Rock' has been successful.
I know some people who live this much more insulated life in Los Angeles, where their feet never touch public ground. They walk out of their bathroom, their living room, they get into their garage, their car, and the next thing you know, they're at the valet parking of the restaurant or the store or the office. They're in a bubble the whole time.
'The Apprentice' was a huge success, and Trump was a huge television star who managed to trick people into thinking he was the guy from the show.
I want my weekends back so I can be with my kids.
The way we divorce in this country hurts people on the deepest level. The ripple effect and resonance of it is remarkable, vast - vast - and if I ever went into Parliament, I would become very involved in that.
Ultraconservatism is, to me, so illogical. Everywhere you go, conservatives want to cut, cut, cut, cut - cut money for powerless people. So, that's the biggest problem I have with them.
I remember during my lifetime I would meet women, and it was almost like God would say to me, 'Now, this woman here is not the one you are going to end up with, but she is going to be a lot like this woman; look at this woman, study this woman.' And when my wife showed up, He was like, 'You recognize her now?'
I was in college in Washington, D.C. I did three years full-time. I did all my requirements, and my senior year was really a gut year. And I said, 'Law school will always be there.' I was in no hurry to get right into that.
When I told my parents, 'I'm going to be an actor,' they screamed and wept and freaked out.
I think I do want to go into politics. I really, really do. And I don't know if I will.
I had a marriage that I came to in the same way everybody else comes to a marriage. We all take chances when we get married.
When you're with someone, you want everything to be great. And that's the pressure that you put on, and what you just can't do.
I don't want to be throwing the football on the front yard when I'm 75. I mean, I'm not opposed to men doing that. But I don't think it's gonna work for me.
In the film business, when you're young, you just want to work. But when you're older, it has more to do with who's involved with the project - who you're going to get in the boat with.
I consider myself a pretty good conversationalist, but you wind up being downgraded to idiot status when you don't speak the language!
I collect travel alarm clocks. I was in a flea market in France once, in 1994, and I opened up this beautiful Jaeger-LeCoultre folding eight-day winding clock folded into a beautiful case, and I went, 'Wow, man.' And I've been collecting travel alarm clocks since 1994.
Grown-ups yell. I don't know why, but they do.
We all have that moment when we think, 'Hand me that Oscar now - you don't even have to have the ceremony'.
You have a lot of optimism when you are young.
I'd rather live my life off screen and give only a certain amount of energy to the work.
On a television show, precise acting isn't the order of the day.
My father would chaperone at high-school dances, and the toughest guy in the high school used to want to fight my father. My father broke his hand on a guy's head once in school.
My wife is the greatest person I have ever known. She is just a living doll; she is great person and a great mom. We have a girl and a boy, and we are going to have another boy.
As my friend said to me, when you have children, typically in a second marriage, when you're older and you get married again to a woman who would have children, you must always remember that you make sure the children attend a college where the commencement ceremonies are held in a facility with a wheelchair accessible ramp.
Have I thought about having more kids? Oh sure, that would be great; that would be heaven. That would be fantastic.
I think I'm just like a lot of people who had nothing. We had to amuse ourselves, so we had to become amusing.
My brothers were funny, and there was a lot of shtick and comedy and nastiness and violence and fighting and sports.
Hollywood does draw some very strange characters, and then the power of Hollywood and what they can do with it becomes like a blood sport to them.
When you lack a certain vitality in the film business, there's no hiding it. It's like you've had your limb chopped off. How do you hide the fact that you're missing an arm?
I don't try to communicate with my 'audience'. I don't bother with that any more. I used to try to have conversations with people, but it's futile.
There are shows that are monolithic successes on TV that nobody in the business ever watches one episode of.
People don't understand this: if you want to have a really good shot at succeeding, there are doors you have to slam in people's faces and say, 'This is my priority, and you can't depend on me to help you.' I was never good at that.
I have always wanted to do a show where I could stay home. When you make movies, you might as well take a dart and throw it at a map.
Being able to stay home with my children is what I prefer.
I turned popular music on the radio, and I never listened to it again after that, in about 1985. That's when I switched over to classical music, and I pretty much stayed with that since then.
There's almost no popular music I listen to now. I'll hear it because it's everywhere... Music is ubiquitous now.
There are some times when you make films and you travel places, and the take that people in the business have is that the worst way to see a city is to shoot there, because you work these long 12, 13 and 14-hour days, and you go home to the hotel, you eat, and you pass out.
I'm going to stop giving too much money to charity - the charity is going to become my family. I'm only half-kidding.
Everything I do is about my kids and wife and how we can all be together.
My children are the only thing in my life that makes me happy.
I loathe and despise the media in a way I did not think possible.
I've had a relatively charmed life. I loved to be out in the city. New York was my town. I've had people come up to me and say, 'You're a great New Yorker. You've given your time and money to so many New York charities. You're a great supporter of the arts. I like some of your movies - and some of your movies suck, actually.'
I haven't changed, but public life has. It used to be you'd go into a restaurant, and the owner would say, 'Do you mind if I take a picture of you and put it on my wall?' Sweet and simple. Now, everyone has a camera in their pocket.
I won every award you could win in television. I got paid well. And people loved '30 Rock'. And I loved '30 Rock'. I mean, sometimes you do a show that's a hit show, and you hate it.
I want to go make a movie and be very present for that and give it everything I have, and after we're done, then the rest of the time is mine.
I worked all the time. Every moment I wasn't working, I was home with my family. I got divorced. And now I'm doing it all over again, and I've learned that the key is, I've got to work less.
I need to be home more. That's the goal now. I have a steady flow of things people want me to do.
Everything I hated about L.A. I'm beginning to crave. L.A. is a place where you live behind a gate, you get in a car, your interaction with the public is minimal. I used to hate that.
Am I a homophobe? Look, I work in show business. I am awash in gay people, as colleagues and as friends.
I'm doing 'Rock of Ages' one day, making out with Russell Brand. Soon after that, I'm advocating with Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Cynthia Nixon for marriage equality.
It's good-bye to public life in the way that you try to communicate with an audience playfully, like we're friends, beyond the work you are actually paid for.
I think Rachel Maddow is quite good at what she does. I also think she's a phony who doesn't have the same passion for the truth off-camera that she seems to have on the air.
My goal was always to take a talk show to the network. I never wanted to be on MSNBC.
I did not have a happy family life a few years ago. I was divorced, and I was very alienated from my daughter, and I was out there cutting every ribbon and running around New York hosting events for different causes to supplant my loss because I didn't have a family to go home to. Now I don't want to be Mr. Show Business anymore.
I just can't live in New York anymore.
I went to Jimmy Gandolfini's funeral, and when I was there, I realized Jimmy Gandolfini didn't have Twitter.
My whole life is classical now. Except my wife. I don't have a classical wife. I have a classy wife, but I don't have a classical wife.
Everybody had posters in their room; everybody had the four symbols of Zeppelin on the wall and all that.
I'm not an impressionist, per se, but if you do any kind of comedy - and they ask you to do that, most of the time - there's some degree of appreciation, I think, involving somebody you like.
The Trump name is now going to mean something else.
All actors have a significant amount of vanity about work, and necessarily so. Things they will do and won't do, and I've completely lost all of that. I don't care.
I think about how much I used to work and how much I used to make that the priority.
If I won the lottery tomorrow, I probably would never work again.
I don't hate Trump, but he's not somebody I admire.
I think Jerry Lee is sad. As a musician, he was far more talented than Elvis Presley. Everybody down in Memphis knows that. Elvis became a movie star because he was beautiful. Not that Elvis wasn't talented, but Jerry Lee Lewis was incomprehensibly talented as a musician.
John McTiernan, the director, is not Ingmar Bergman. He does action-adventure movies.
The wealthy don't have any sense of humor. It's not like the English, where the theater is perhaps the one place where they have a sense of humor about themselves.
Look at the shows that are really successful on Broadway. They're musicals. They're things that a woman will pick out the tickets for, or a man will buy the tickets with a woman in mind. It's a date. It's boyfriend-girlfriend, husband-wife. That's what the theater in New York has become.
The harshest thing I can say is I was married to someone for whom all dissent was abuse. If you had your own opinion, you were abusive.
There are women who get divorced in order to punish. Out of this bitter, bitter hatred that some of these women have for their ex-husbands, they turn their children against them.
Acting in the theatre is fun; acting in film is work.
I don't get acting jobs because of my looks.
Men are literally lying in bed with their wives when the marriage is essentially over, thinking, 'I've got to get the hell out of here', and have a fantasy woman in mind. Then you get divorced, meet a woman, marry her, and by the time all that goes by, you've aged a few years and are ready to go back to your ex-wife.
Hollywood studios bury that stuff - actors who punch directors in the face and try to run producers over with cars - insanity, criminal behavior. But the studios are invested in that star, they can't have that person's name dirtied up.
If Hank Williams Jr. wasn't such a pathetic, wheezing fossil, I'd have a talk with him.
I have dear friends of mine who represent real Republicans. Goldwater Republicans. Strong on defense. Tough on immigration. Fiscal conservatives.
I know women that act queeny, I know men that are straight that act queeny, and I know gay men that act queeny... To me, those are people who think the rules don't apply to them.
I'm not interested in offending anyone. If homosexuality was an issue for me, I would have moved out of New York years ago. I find that laughable.
Morning Joe was boring. Scarborough is neither eloquent nor funny.
If MSNBC went off the air tomorrow, what difference would it make? If the 'Huffington Post' went out of business tomorrow, what difference would it make?
Nobody cares about your autograph. There are cameras everywhere, and there are media outlets for them to 'file their story'.
We need more participation, so when I see someone like Trump, I go, 'You know something? Good for him'. I may not support him, but let him run.
If you're going to have someone defend you, it doesn't get any better than Kristen Stewart.
I wear a Zegna suit and tie every day, pretty much.
So Colleen Atwood introduced me to Armani for the fabric and the dyes - what made Armani, Armani, beyond his motion-picture credentials. It was Cerruti after that. And then Zegna.
Zegna has the perfect weight fabric. There are a lot of designers who make clothes that are a little too heavy. They feel heavy. They almost feel like a coat.
Everybody has their own taste, and I allow for that, but personally, I don't like a striped tie on a striped shirt. I don't like brown shoes with a blue suit. Cordovan maybe, but not brown.
America is competitive. We compete with each other every day.
New York... where people come for their Ph.D. in corruption.
You read some columnists in the newspapers; you have to wonder who they are really working for. You can see they have an agenda.
Some days you're the kid with the stick, some days you're the pinata.
I have been driven to the edge by parental alienation for many years now. You have to go through this to understand.
My brothers and I grew up in a time where talking, storytelling, telling jokes was sometimes all you had. It wasn't like today, with so many options and portability.
I have no desire to run for public office.
The way we produce food is killing the land and water.
