American,Designer
I don't care how small or big they are, insects freak me out.
I'm not like most designers, who have to set sail on an exotic getaway to get inspired. Most of the time, it's on my walk to work, or sitting in the subway and seeing something random or out of context.
Time passes faster and faster, but with every project I always want to find the next challenge and the next challenge is just as exciting as the previous one.
Any style that Nike makes in all black, shoe, sweatshirt, onesie, doesn't matter, I pretty much need to have.
No one is going to understand your brand better than you.
When you focus on the consumer, the consumer responds.
The industry's changed so much that you can't just design something, put on a great show, and say, 'Okay, my job is done.'
I feel so thankful that I'm able to be a part of something that I love to wake up and run to work every day.
I tend to like the most basic pieces with the perfect fit and fabric, like a simple tank.
Probably the earliest memories for me would be going to restaurants with my family.
I've always loved when girls carry their wallets as a clutch instead of a bag.
I seem to always start a collection by designing outerwear and jackets.
No one ever taught me, and I never had formal classes in pattern making, so I was like, Okay, I'll just drape, and I'll sew as I pin it.
A lot of designers get caught up in the creativity, but you've got to think about the legs of your collection - essentially, how the line is going to move forward.
When I decided to launch my first knitwear line, it was because I saw a void in the basics category. The editors were always looking for cool, fashion-forward tees and sweaters. So that's where I started.
My mom would take me to restaurants, and the first thing I'd ask for would be a pen and a napkin, and I'd sketch shoes and shoes and shoes.
I was in fashion school, my brother has a law background, and my sister-in-law had worked in production, but none of us had a proper fashion business education.
It's hard sometimes to take a step back and realize what's happened because you're always trying to move forward. You're always looking at the next palette.
I think everyone shares a fear of failure - that you're only as good as your most recent collection. That's definitely a fear, but it's a fear that fuels me, that makes me want to work harder, that makes me take on more challenges.
I think sometimes there are negative connotations for those who have a business mind as well as a creative side.
I've always said I'm not the kind of designer who likes to lock himself away in a studio and let the rest of the company deal with it. I work very closely with everyone on the team.
Designing a product and understanding how it filters through into the market and into the rest of the company is very important to me.
I love layers!
I never really did sports growing up. Maybe that's why they intrigue me. The technology that goes into that clothing is steps ahead, so it's always been something I look towards.
There's a tendency to think that young designers only do fantasy fashion, but I'm more interested in making clothes that women can afford.
A lot of my work is a matter of reacting to surprises in life.
