American,Athlete
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance.
Winners live in the present tense. People who come up short are consumed with future or past. I want to be living in the now.
I just hope that as I get older, I calm down and enjoy the moment, enjoy the great gifts that God has given me.
You get to a point where you get tired of being stupid and selfish and not being honest with yourself.
I never like to think about going back; I only look forward.
I take full responsibility for the mistakes that led to my suspension for the 2014 season.
I've been humbled by the reception I've received everywhere.
Like everyone else, I've made a lot of mistakes in my life. The only way I know how to handle them is to learn from them and move forward.
All I want to do is play baseball.
My girls are great at making fun of Dad. They're never impressed with anything I do. I love that. I hope that never changes.
I'm guilty for a lot of things.
I will say this: when you take any substance, especially in baseball, it's half mental and half physical. If you take this glass of water and you say, 'I'm going to be a better baseball player,' then you probably will be.
I went over a year without playing baseball. At 39, not playing for a year, a year and a half, there were a lot of nights I was saying, 'This is going to be tough.'
I just don't see the light. Where is the light? What am I in this for?
It's tougher when you're established. Before, I'd see 13, 14, 15 pitches that I could drive in a game. Now, I see one, two or three, so I have to be better.
This is how I define grace: you're on the main stage, and it looks like it has been rehearsed 100 times, everything goes so smoothly. That's where I get my confidence and success, from knowing that I have an edge because I know I'm prepared.
I had a great year and left my guts out on the field.
I love the challenge of the game. I love the work. My goal right now is to have a season next year that will make people forget about this one. I'll use things like this for motivation. I'm pumped. I'm hungry.
I'm a terrible singer. I feel lucky to play baseball. You can't be gifted in everything.
What I found is that experience in the World Series made me connect more with the fans.
I don't trust anyone except a very, very few people.
I had a very complex childhood, and when I met my wife, because she has a master's in psychology, she promoted me into getting help. It really has helped. I'm not healed yet, but I'm working on some issues I had as a child.
I'm never happy with my performance.
I'm grateful for every day.
Having the respect of your peers means the world to me.
Babe Ruth is an icon, in sports and in our society.
I've never felt overmatched on the baseball field. I've always been a very strong, dominant position.
I love New York.
It's a game that just takes so much out of you. Every aspect of your life has to be very narrow, very focused. Everything else has to go away. And because of that, I think it's obviously not healthy. The last thing I'm looking for is sympathy.
Eventually, my W-2 income will wind down, and my investments can actually make that up.
The more you play baseball, the less depends on your athletic ability. It's a mental war more than anything.
