American,Chef
There's a freshness to the approach of teen chefs. They're lighthearted, and they're not afraid to take risks.
A splash of red wine vinegar can pull things together like a pinch of salt.
A homemade hamburger can be a real treat.
Fresh herbs really belong anywhere you put them.
Who doesn't love a stuffed cherry tomato?
I exercise at a great gym and do dance classes mixed with some calisthenics. I really enjoy that because it reminds me of '80s aerobics. It's fun! I also bike ride, or sometimes I swim. Because I stand a lot, I don't really like to walk long distances. Running or jogging is out of the question.
I feel very passionate about maintaining the same level of standard and respect for the food as an Iron Chef myself.
Red wine vinegar has some personality as well acidity.
I feel like a princess with a knife. I've wanted to be an Iron Chef forever.
I know that some people use lavender, incense, and cake as sedatives, but for me, a 'nose bath' in an old book just does something.
I like to take a day off and enjoy fast food for what it is. I have to say that in New York, I'm really partial about taco trucks. I mean, I really can't handle it. There is something about catching all those ingredients piled on top of each other: it puts me in a tizzy. I love it. I'm kind of a taco truck junkie.
Once you make a cookbook, you live with it as your own for the rest of your life, like a yearbook.
The best place to use vanilla beans is anywhere where they won't be mixed in with a million other flavors. Anything with dairy, yogurt, milk, cream, or eggs - any custard or flan - how can it be bad?
Scrambled eggs are so simple, but they don't wait or taste better cold!
Repeatedly opening the oven - or worse, taking out the turkey to baste it - slows down the momentum of cooking.
There's not enough time in each day to really focus enough attention on any one thing, but I'm doing my best. I have a great group of people who support me, and I don't sleep a lot. It's like I'm on a constantly spinning merry-go-round, and every day, I'm wondering when it will stop so I can get off. I love what I do, so that helps a lot.
It's essential to make sure you have proper kitchen tools for food storage - like cling wrap, bags, and containers - because they help keep food fresher longer.
If it's not messy and it doesn't drip over the sides, it's not a holiday hot chocolate -it's just an average hot chocolate.
The hardest thing for me is restraint. I see fresh beans and ramps, and I start to quiver.
I have a daughter who has taught me a lot along the way.
I wouldn't call being a chef gratifying in a lot of ways. It's an act of love.
It's amazing how meaty cauliflower can be.
Walnuts are so rich. I also love that you can chew them for five minutes. Then I eat a couple of golden raisins as a palate cleanser because they are really tart, and then more walnuts. It's a great snack for me.
I didn't harbor a huge desire to become a chef until I graduated from college.
I didn't cook that much as a kid. My mother was cooking, and I was her helper. We made dishes together.
I really love muscle cars. I don't think people might realize that about me. I really want to go to an auto auction and blow my life savings on a Camaro. They have such design around them, such panache.
Make dinner with the goal of stretching it out for lunch in the back of your mind. Making more of one thing is cheaper than buying more varied ingredients for each meal.
I love using hummus as centerpiece and then making different containers of vegetables for fun dipping.
Make a stir-fried rice dish with some cut-up chicken and any vegetables folded into the rice for a 'one pot' meal lunch that has it all - protein, starch and vegetables.
My mom, ever the Italian, made braised chicken with tomato.
I like all of McClure's pickles, but my personal favorites are the spicy ones.
I think I will never stop having mentors.
My last meal on Earth? The obvious answer is a plate of my mother's scrambled eggs.
One of the most practical utensils I can't live without is my 'Joyce Chen' Scissors. They cut with precision.
Buying food from farmers and people that I know adds that human element that I love.
I am driven by ingredients. My Italian heritage and French training inevitably poke through as well, guiding my techniques.
I love 'The Gourmet Cooking School Cookbook' by Dione Lucas. A huge source of information and inspiration. The book is organized by menu, and the recipes are unusual and exciting.
I really cringe at the sight of pattypan squash. So pretty and cute and having no taste or exciting texture. Dull.
My most memorable meal was with my parents at Joel Robuchon's Restaurant Jamin in Paris. It was Christmas 1982, and the flavors - from cauliflower and caviar to crab and tomato - astounded me. It was the first time I remember thinking that I would like to really learn how to cook.
I baked the coffee cake recipe from 'The Joy of Cooking' over and over again when I was a kid.
The longer I look at something, the more my imagination churns and I can find somewhere to put it.
If you're making a salad of any kind, cut the herbs, stems and all, and toss them into your mixed greens salad, a Romaine salad, iceberg, Bibb - it just adds a special touch.
Freeze herbs by stem and all - don't just freeze the leaves. It's better to keep them sturdier. Put the stems and the leaves together into a plastic bag, and just wrap it up and freeze it like that.
'Iron Chef America' is so real. Imagine putting on television the whole process of making that food, the technique. It's all about technique. It doesn't even matter if you show the faces sometimes.
Mashed potatoes with stuff in it? That's '90s.
Short ribs in the middle of a hamburger? That was pretty groundbreaking.
I've roasted a somewhat frozen turkey, and it's come out just fine.
I don't know anyone who hasn't overcooked at least one turkey, myself included. It's easy to do.
Every time I feel like something is missing from a dish, I think, 'Oh, I know, I'll add a pinch of dry ginger.' If it's not salt and it's not vinegar, it's probably missing dry ginger.
I bent my head over a stove in my early 20s and picked it up in my 30s.
I don't show just anyone how to crust a sea bass. That's sacred information.
If you want to have a relationship, at some point you have to let yourself get caught.
I didn't want to write a cheffy cookbook with dehydrated ham chips.
I love roasted beets with goat cheese. I am also a fruit addict.
I love the whole process of making, serving, and eating hearty soups like lentil, potato leek and carrot, to name a few.
I love to eat. I could make a professional sport out of it.
Don't be so hard on yourself. Make something simple a few times until you 'master' it and move on to the next thing. Take a cooking class! Buy a cookbook that specializes in foods or a cuisine you enjoy.
If I am making a spice rub or a spice mix for a braise or even just to crust a piece of fish, I'll use mustard seeds. If you soak them in a little bit of vinegar and let them get plumped and soft and then you puree them, they're delicious.
I learned so much from 'Iron Chef' about ingredients, about the courage to put yourself out there.
Stuffed cherry tomatoes are satisfying without being filling and make a great alternative to bread-based starters. You can assemble these appetizers ahead of time and refrigerate them until you're ready to serve.
Understand that nutrition plays a huge role in athletes' lives, and one of the most nutritious ways to eat is to cook your own food.
I think no one would dispute that 'Chopped' is a highly athletic television show.
I think that cakes should have touches of candy bar in order for it really to hit all those childhood notes on the keyboard.
I grew up in Midtown Manhattan.
I love it when a few simple ingredients come together on a plate, and I think, 'Wow, that's a dish.'
I grew up in a house where I was a spectator to the sport of cooking. In that way, I just learned so much about what it really takes to make food.
I've always been a great collector and lover of cookbooks.
Sometimes I look up a recipe for chicken and tomatoes and end up cooking pork. The inspiration gets lost in translation.
Ganache is a mix of chocolate and cream. Warm cream, warm chocolate, they want to get to know each other - they're happy.
I've thrown vanilla beans into mustard. Nothing crazy or grainy, just normal dijon. It's great for duck. Smear some of that right on the duck, coupled with some roast plums, and it all comes together in that savory over sweet over savory over sweet way we all love.
To make fluffy scrambled eggs, the best trick is to whisk in a splash of water and nothing else. Cream, milk, and other liquids drag the eggs down!
Part of health is variety!
It stuns me how effective children can be in their messaging, and I believe that every child should enjoy that basic right to become an adult. Getting rid of childhood cancers is one effective way to reach that goal.
Easter is an arts and crafts moment where your whole family and friends can get involved.
