American,Businessman
Testimonials are enough to convince people for now.
I think even if I did the research mentioned above, it would be a total waste of money because if those people don't believe in the testimonials, they won't believe in the research at all. They would say that I made it all up. So why waste money?
I am proud to be Chinese, and I do not tolerate any traitor.
It might feel good to be out of your body for awhile. But you can't stay like that forever.
Then you must look for a new body. That's what we call reincarnation.
You cannot expect so much freedom in a land of 1.3 billion people.
When I was in Taiwan, I was taught in school that Taiwan is part of China.
Well, if you don't want your relatives and friends to die, help me spread the news. Let people know about immortality device. That way, your loved ones won't die.
Souls are not designed to float around in thin air.
Souls are designed to fit inside a body.
So if I die, somebody else from the corporation will take over the business.
Same with souls. They can't survive without a body for long.
Oh there are lots of doctors and medical professionals out there who buy my devices at whole sale price.
None of my neighbors believe in what I say. They refuse to wear the rings. They will never accept my invention until the day they die. That's what I call the real antichrists.
Most of the food imported to Russia came from China.
In fact, Tibet is one of the most popular European tourist attraction of asia.
Immortality Device has been tested and researched by medical researchers all over the world from time to time. They email me and told me what they found. I post their results sometimes on my site.
If you are an antichrist, you won't believe in the bible prophecy from the beginning. Which means, you won't believe that physical immortality will become possible.
If the communist party is controlling China, they represent China.
I think the Chinese government is doing a great job right now.
I support population control. I think USA should do the same.
I show people how to build their own immortality device.
I know my theories and findings are hard for you to accept because they are so original and extraordinary.
I just think that most of the people are very close minded.
I don't care what political party is controlling China right now. All I know is we are all Chinese.
I didn't say my invention is better, nor did I say other stuff does not work.
