American,Actress
I don't know what to say when I have a crush on somebody. I kind of lose my words. I really try to start a conversation, and I can't. It's horrible.
If a script comes together, and you end up liking the people who are part of it, that's when you can make magic happen. It's a huge combination of trying to find something you think you can deliver on and a director you think you can collaborate with to make a good picture.
Well, because I'm naturally a tomboy, when I have sleepovers with girls, they end up going home and crying.
I consider my mom and all my sisters my friends.
I am taking belly dancing now. My hips are double-jointed, so I can do it really easily.
I need a SUV, for me and my four sisters. So, I've narrowed it down to four, kind of expensive, cars.
I really wanted to pursue music, but all those other girls are doing it and it is annoying.
I think I am too old to be doing teen movies. I am just kind of annoyed, because you have all these teen movies coming out with usually either Lindsay Lohan or Hilary Duff doing four of the exact teen movies over and over again.
There will always be someone being picked on at school, and it's not going to go away.
I think it really makes a difference when you know the people that you're working with, when you develop a relationship.
I hang out with all the crew on set. It just makes it easier to work. You feel more comfortable around everyone.
Guys are so easygoing and girls are a little harder to please, but that's okay.
I love doing comedy. It's a lot of fun.
I really don't get nervous when I perform -it's more of an exciting feeling than anything else. But put me in a classroom with kids my age and have me take a test and yeah, I'll be nervous!
I'm already a tiny person, so now I'm trying to go to the gym to add muscle. I need it!
I really look up to actors like Gwyneth Paltrow and Cate Blanchett who have a strong background in theatre.
The Internet has become a tool to pick on people and ruin someone's life. I don't think parents realize what's going on.
Kids need to open up to their parents. And parents should realize that when kids are pushing you away, that's the time to really step in.
My mom sent me to regular high school because she wanted me to have that experience and not say that I missed out, but I didn't like it at all. I'm more comfortable in the world that I'm in, I grew up in it so when I get around normal kids in regular high school I don't know what to do. I feel more secure in an adult environment.
I don't want to get stuck playing the same character over and over again.
I love taking on roles that I haven't yet done in my career.
I love working with Darren Lynn Bousman. He is such a cool director with really great ideas.
I always think it's hard for any young actor to make that transition to more grown-up roles. Because you don't want to alienate your audience who has been supportive of you for so many years, so you kind of have to tiptoe through that process.
I guess if you are making more money than your mom and dad, you can set your own boundaries.
When a casting agent sees me, he kind of knows what he's getting.
The Internet has become a tool to pick on people and ruin someone's life. I don't think parents realize what's going on. Just because you're not at school doesn't mean kids aren't harassing you on the computer.
