American,Actress
Looking at beautiful things is what makes me the happiest.
I think something will soon have to be done to protect people from hacking and blogging and lying and spreading rumors and chasing you down the street. Lives are wrecked that way.
My parents made no money whatsoever, but they really knew how to see, as artists. So a big adventure might be, on a hot, dreadful day with no place to go, to go out and draw our chickens with pastels. My parents gave me a sense of wonder.
I had a romantic, 'Aren't I a good girl?' take on divorce, but the truth is that was stupid.
I'm in total awe of the technique of great film people. Because if you get your emotional life up to perfection by miracle on Take One, you better have a technique to keep doing it again and again and again.
I'm a New Yorker, and working in New York was divine for me. I loved working there and going to work there, which I've been able to do three or four times in my career, and I just love it. It's my favorite.
The quality of my life has changed dramatically - not the events - but the way I handle them and my priorities and my sense of drama.
I think that I was lucky that I was 30 when I did 'Love Story', which came with this extravagant pop celebrity. I had already done 15 years of what I call 'real' work.' I was a waitress, chambermaid, and a photographer's assistant, so I knew that I was tremendously lucky as a novice actor to have that big hit.
I'm learning how to live in the present and be grateful for what's working rather than look for the 'what's not working' piece.
I don't enjoy other people's dramas, and I don't enjoy mine.
I have this amazing life.
I had no real experience studying acting; I came to it having done other things for a living for many, many years, and I have this gigantic respect for experience and technique.
I'm much more famous than I am rich, but I'm able to scale back my lifestyle. I know a lot of people who were where I was who can't imagine living any simpler, but I haven't got a lot of expensive wants.
You know, the fashion business is this legendary repository of young girls on their way to getting husbands. I really wanted to work.
I fully expect to be doing yoga for the rest of my life.
I want to be a person who makes a quiet difference.
I'm very touched on a deep level by cruelty to animals.
I can't remember when I wasn't an animal rights activist.
It's not so much what do I want to be doing in 15 years, it's how I want to be in 15 years.
It's been my experience that the longer I do yoga, the more I want to know, the more I am able to understand and the less judgmental I am.
I've always loved animals and I always thought that they were, if not better, then the absolute equal of any two legged creature that God ever created.
I was really involved with other people's opinions of me, and it got heightened during my film career. I don't have any opinion, good or bad about it, it just was. It's not the way I feel now, and I think yoga has a lot to do with that.
I think it's tough when you're very young and you maybe fall for the celebrity and being the center of attention.
If you want to be watched 24 hours a day in everything you do, you can't turn that around. You can't wake up three years later and say, 'Stop bothering me, I'm a serious actor,' if all you've done is wear certain clothes and show up half-loaded at clubs.
In film, there's so many little things where not just the actor can blow his lines, but technically, it doesn't quite come off in the perfect way envisioned.
I live in Santa Fe, New Mexico. And I travel a tremendous amount. I'm in New York and California a lot, but then also I like faraway places a lot.
