American,Actress
I think it's never too late to learn - or it's a lesson that's good to continue learning - that you need to treat everyone on a set with respect.
I try to be very much in control when it comes to work. I have a strong work ethic.
I think it's important to be honest with yourself about what you want and it's important to be honest with your partner about what you need.
A wedding, people decide to get married, it comes out of such love for one another and then women can turn into these other people. They're planning something that's the biggest event they'll ever plan in their lives and it turns them into this other person, so it's not totally the guy's fault that he's feeling disconnected from this person.
I look really good in a scuba suit.
I kind of love going to weddings - it's a guilty pleasure. I've never been the wedding-y type girl dreaming about the big day, the dress, but I always cry. Always. Even if I don't know the bride that well, I'm verklempt!
I'm a generally optimistic person.
You wanna do a lot of backstory for your character - as an actor, you wanna research that. But on the show, it's fun to remain in that naive place as you go along, and be able to continue to discover things about your character as the writers come up with them.
I enjoy doing drama, and I enjoy doing comedy equally.
You know, 'Mad Men' is notoriously secretive with its plotlines, even with exposing them to actors on the show.
I've always loved film and wanted to work in film. I just love working and creating new characters, and trying different genres and different things.
Ted Danson is amazing. He's incredible.
'30 Rock' is probably one of my favorite shows. It's just joke after joke after joke.
I was always a bit of a jokester.
Twitter is the first information that I ingest in the morning. When there are important things happening, friends of mine who follow news feeds will report on it, so I find out about most major news on Twitter.
I like to have my breakfast in bed, and I use that time to watch the recorded shows on my TiVo. I seldom watch shows in real time - I'm always at work.
I'm really not a TV junkie... OK, I kind of am a TV junkie, but I'm much more of a movie junkie - my junk food is romantic comedies I've seen a million times.
I like that 'Mad Men' is now an adjective I use to describe clothing when I'm shopping: 'I like this top. It's very 'Mad Men.'
What is it about women that they just go right for the guy that totally repulses them?
In my personal life, I'm hilarious! I was always a bit of a jokester.
I've always loved film and wanted to work in film. I just love working and creating new characters, and trying different genres and different things. For me, I just love to work and I love movies.
I think Twitter is such a cool thing because it really is a direct line to the fans and for fans back to you, and it's such a new thing. I think in the past there's been usually fan mail and that's really good, but Twitter, it gets an immediate response.
I love Jason Bateman. He's so funny.
I think that a big part of comedy is being made fun of, and it is looking silly or looking stupid.
Your opinion is not influenced by anyone when you're alone at a matinee. It's just you and the movie.
Money means better meals at better places.
