American,Athlete
When you are not practicing, someone else is getting better.
Either you give in, or you fight. That's all I know, being where I'm from. You fight for what you want. You go after what you want. The only thing I could do was give up or keep fighting for what I wanted in life.
Me and my family are straight. I am blessed. I am alive, man, and I am healthy, and that is the only thing that matters. Me and my family, everybody else, it really doesn't matter because why do you care about somebody talking negative about you if they don't know you?
I failed, got back up. I failed, got back up.
My dream was bigger than anything else. My fight and me wanting to fulfill what I wanted to be in life. That was enough to keep me strong enough to endure anything.
When you lose, there is a whole bunch of room for negativity and I don't feed into this stuff and I do not do any talking. I don't run my mouth.
I surround myself with people who make me laugh.
That's the only thing that got me here is my teammates. My teammates and my coach. That's the only reason I'm here.
Obviously, if I could go back and change anything, I would be a perfect man. And I know there's no perfect man.
I had a lot of growing up to do. A lot of times, I learned the hard way.
I have no regrets on anything. People ask me all the time, 'Do I have any regrets?' I don't have any. If I could back and do it all over, would I change anything? No.
Sometimes it used to hurt so bad when people used to say stuff about me. It still does. But I'm at a level now that I'm like, 'I ain't surprised that they said this or that about me.'
Being in a fishbowl, everybody looking at every move you make, talking about everything you do - it's just a hard life to live.
Just because you put a guy in a tuxedo doesn't make him a good guy.
I gave everything I had to basketball. The passion is still there, but the desire to play is not. It was a great ride.
I'm just overwhelmed with the fact that I had a signature shoe. It's actually 'my shoe.'
I got a lot of love for NBC, Tom Brokaw. He did a lot for me, and I appreciate him, and I owe a lot to him for that.
If we lose games, and I don't score a lot, they gonna say I'm not scoring enough.
You hit road blocks in life, but I'm living proof that you can overcome those road blocks and become what you want to become.
I'm a Hall of Famer, and I can go outside today and go to a restaurant or wherever, and somebody will come up to me and say, 'Practice? We talkin' 'bout practice?' Man, I am a Hall of Famer, and that's all you can think about?
I wanna thank Biggie Smalls, Redman, Jadakiss, Tupac and Michael Jackson for being my theme music throughout my career.
Being an All-Star is everything.
You don't want to hear about how much money I donate to the Boys and Girls Clubs of America or to AIDS awareness or to give out scholarships. You don't want to hear about that.
I wasn't a point guard. I was a killer.
Guys is supposed to be able to be original and dress like how they want to dress. The NBA can't dress no grown man.
He's helped me do so much in my career, helped me be the player that I am. If there's no Larry Brown, then there's no MVP, Allen Iverson.
I wasn't afraid to be who I am. I didn't think anything was wrong with it.
I dressed like the guys who I grew up with. I looked like the guys I grew up with.
It was a great experience for me - the ups and downs - because I became a man in Philadelphia.
It was just the greatest feeling to see a kid with your shoes on.
Any one of my shoes that I had, you knew that, night in, night out, I gave my teammates and my fans everything that I had.
I want to thank coach Thompson... for saving my life. For giving me the opportunity.
My mom always told me that I could be anything I wanted to be. And I truly, actually believed it. And I fought.
If I could take back all the mistakes that I made throughout my career, I would have had a perfect career. I would have missed no shots. I would have made no turnovers. I would have went right instead of going left when I was supposed to, every game.
I can't take it back. I can't take anything back. So I don't regret it.
It was a blessing just to play one NBA basketball game.
I always wanted to be a Sixer... I always wanted to finish my career as a Sixer.
Just understand that there's going to be some ups, there's going to be some downs.
I went from the projects to a real house. It was a big difference.
I don't have any problems with what these guys wear because they got their own style and their own originality. That's the way it's supposed to be, man.
Everybody is their own person.
I think a lot of times, when people who get a chance to meet me and be around me, they understand that I'm not the person that the media make me out to be.
A negative Allen Iverson story is the greatest Allen Iverson story, for some reason.
I want to play basketball so bad.
At times, I might have been too young; I might have been too naive at times and didn't understand who I really was to a whole culture.
I'm a father; I'm a friend. I think I've got the biggest heart in the world. A lot of times, that's not a good thing. It's a gift and a curse.
I don't really care too much about what people who don't care about me say about me, but a lot of times, you know, I get tired of defending myself.
I didn't do this by myself, man. It was so many people, so many fans that came in there and cheered for me, night in and night out.
So many people supported me and believed in me. They made it so easy for me to believe in myself, because I didn't want to let them down.
I wanted my fans and my family and my friends to be proud of me.
I'm the biggest Westbrook fan, I think, there is. You know what I mean? Because he reminds me so much of myself as far as his heart and laying it on the line night in and night out. Just a guy that's going to bring it every single night.
LeBron ain't got none of my game, but his heart is all mine.
Detroit was a bad situation for me.
As far as how I expressed 'practice, practice, practice' over and over again, I wouldn't take that back because, obviously, that sound bite is great for the media and for the fans, because they love it.
If you're from Virginia, then you know some white people from Poquoson don't like black people.
People and what they say don't bother me like they used to. When I was younger, I really couldn't take it because I couldn't understand where the criticism was coming from.
My friend... used to tease me about a tattoo I had right here, but it was so big, and what he was teasing me about - he said it looked like a flying monkey. It's supposed to have been a grim reaper holding a ball. But it did look like a monkey.
Doing this for so long, I realize that the media - you have a boss. And your boss wants you to provide the best material that you can. And he might put pressure on you to do it a way that you feel is unconstitutional. You might not like it. But you still gotta feed your family.
I wish the media and people that work in media would realize sometimes - and I know it doesn't pay your bills - but sometimes just sit back and think, like, 'Man, what if this was my child? And somebody was doing this to them? And they had to go through it? If somebody bashed them like this?'
Don't nobody wanna talk about or hear about somebody donating money to a charity. You wanna hear about what Bin Laden is doing and what you think is on his mind.
I wish there was a season where I was playing and didn't have no aches, no pains, no bruises, no nothing.
Everybody talks about that one when they first meet me. 'Man, I still remember the play you shook Jordan.' Everybody gonna always remember it because it was Jordan.
All I ever wanted to do was wear Jordans. I think there was only one or two pair I never had.
If I'm not getting older and more mature at 31, then something's wrong.
I couldn't have accomplished the things in my career if I didn't practice, and the worst part about that whole thing is when a kid comes up to me and says 'Allen, I don't like practice, either.' I've got to straighten that kid right then.
I just want kids all over the world to know you have to practice to be any good in this game; it's too hard.
I'm not going to be the same as I was when I've made so many bad mistakes.
You can hide from the devil, but he'll always find you.
Larry Brown molded me into an MVP and a Hall of Fame player.
What makes me feel good is all of the people that rooted for A.I. get a chance to say, 'He did what you never thought he could do. The critics. He did what you never thought he could accomplish.' This is a moment that me and my fans and my family and friends can share together because we always believed in the dream.
I wasn't a fan of the Sixers. My dad was a big Mo Cheeks fan, and he wanted me to be drafted by the Sixers. My thing was, if that could make my dad happy, then that would make me happy, you know what I mean?
I knew I was gonna be the number one pick, but I didn't know.
God gave me all this; why waste the talent that he gave me? Why not go full throttle with it all and try to become in the class with the greatest players that ever played the game? That's just a great feeling.
All my tattoos are tattoos that I wanted to get, but I couldn't afford.
Coming into the league, if I would've had money, then obviously I would've had more tattoos.
Tattoos, cornrows, headbands, hip-hop. I never meant to start any trends. I got my butt kicked, but if that meant that the guys who came after me could be themselves, then it was worth it.
I'm just a regular 24/7 dad now.
Being older, I can't imagine a parent not wanting to be in their kid's life. I will just never understand it. To me, it's priceless.
I felt like I was better at football than I am in basketball.
I've accomplished so many things in basketball. I financially secured my kids' life and their future. I'm just happy. I'm just blessed. So anything that I'm not awarded doesn't matter because I've been rewarded enough in this lifetime.
I gotta win games. Because if we lose games, and I score a lot, they going to say I'm scorin' too much.
There's nothing that sells good about Allen Iverson if it's something positive about Allen Iverson.
My whole thing was being wanted and being accepted by a ball club. That was the most important thing to me.
I made a lot of mistakes. And obviously, it cost me.
At some point, it comes to an end regardless, however it comes, whether it is retirement or injury; at some point, it comes to an end.
I don't feel no type of way. I just understand that He helped me accomplish a lot of things in the NBA. I've done so many things that people thought that I couldn't do.
I used to say my biggest accomplishment was just getting drafted, whether it was the first pick or the 100th or whatever.
My actions, right or wrong, there were people who supported me through this long, hard journey.
I had to learn that some people are just not going to like you. I had to have thick skin when I would see what people would say or write about me.
Coach's voice will never leave my head as long as I live.
