American,Author
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up.
Research has shown that people who volunteer often live longer.
Humor can help you cope with the unbearable so that you can stay on the bright side of things until the bright side actually comes along.
Like sheep that get lost nibbling away at the grass because they never look up, we often focus so much on ourselves and our problems that we get lost.
When you think about advertisements, it makes sense that they want to hold and retain our attention.
A little perspective, like a little humor, goes a long way.
Sometimes it takes ten seconds to see some humor in your dilemmas, sometimes ten years.
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
Laughter, and the broader category of humor, are key elements in helping us go on with our life after a loss.
When times get tough, at some point, people instinctively know they need to lighten up in order to get through it.
Throughout history, great leaders have known the power of humor.
Now, a recent study from cardiologists at the University of Maryland, has shown that laughter may have a beneficial effect on the heart.
Humor can be one of our best survival tools.
Laughing is also good for your respiratory system.
When you do find humor in trying times, one of the first and most important changes you experience is that you see your perplexing problems in a new way - you suddenly have a new perspective on them.
It is still not clear from this study how laughter can directly help the heart but other studies have shown that laughter is beneficial for every system in the body.
Advertisers also know that humor can help bond us to their product.
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing.
When we are dealing with death we are constantly being dragged down by the event: Humor diverts our attention and lifts our sagging spirits.
Whether planned or not, humor takes our mind off of our troubles.
It has been said that 80% of what people learn is visual.
While most of us know that we feel better after a good hearty laugh, science, in many cases, is yet to prove why.
The studies indicate that focusing our attention on someone else, takes our mind off of our own problems. We stay healthier and thereby live longer.
Zen teaches that once we can open up to the inevitability of our demise, we can begin to transform that situation and lighten up about it.
And, unlike the earlier bombing on the World Trade Center, a major landmark and symbol of the strength of the financial world was, not just damaged but, totally destroyed.
The tragedy of September 11th was so sudden, so enormous, and so horrendous, both in terms of lives lost and global consequences, that this country and the world went into immediate and prolonged shock.
