American,Athlete
The most important lesson that I have learned is to trust God in every circumstance. Lots of times we go through different trials and following God's plan seems like it doesn't make any sense at all. God is always in control and he will never leave us.
I never let track define me. That's something that's really important to me.
The biggest way I stay motivated is to run with a group of friends. Sometimes it's hard to get going by yourself, but if you have a plan and a meeting time, you know this run will happen for sure. It's a way to have fun - while also getting in a workout. Plus it distracts from pain, helps you fight fatigue, and gives you that extra push.
My faith inspires me so much. It is the very reason that I run. I feel that my running is completely a gift from God and it is my responsibility to use it to glorify him.
I think that kids aren't even exploring the option of sports anymore, and they don't even know what they could do.
Being a role model is a privilege.
I always want to give more than I gave yesterday.
It was not until the end of my freshman year in high school that I thought I could really have a future in track and field. I definitely did not think I could make it to the Olympics back then, though; I was just focused on making it to the state finals!
I'm just competitive. It doesn't matter what it is. I want to win.
You know, I love wearing heels. I wish I could wear them all the time, but, you know, my sport doesn't really permit it.
I'm really laid back but I still like to dress up sometimes.
Right now I'd say my favorite fashion designer is Zac Posen.
I love a great pair of jeans and a nice blouse.
I spend around two and half hours on the track every day running and another 2 hours in the weight room lifting weights with my strength coach.
I am a big believer in visualization. I run through my races mentally so that I feel even more prepared.
My mom is great and I make sure that we pray together before every race. She helps me put everything in perspective and remind me of the real reason I run.
I've got to make sure I'm keeping weight on.
I feel old.
I was a disruptive child.
I have learned that track doesn't define me. My faith defines me. I'm running because I have been blessed with a gift.
I grew up in a Christian home with amazing parents.
Philippians 1:21 is very special to me because it helps to keep my life centered.
The 200 meters is my baby. To me, it's the perfect distance. It's still a true sprint, but it unravels more. You get to enjoy the race a little bit more than the 100.
My speed is a gift from God, and I run for His glory. Whatever I do, it all comes from him.
I don't have a sprinter's body.
Most people don't think about plyometrics when they think about powerful strength. But I do lots of them to build mine.
