American,Actress
I'm not really into clubbing, I like to go to parties after events, and those do end up at clubs or bars. But in my free time I go grocery shopping or to the gym, or I talk on the phone.
It's sad, actually, because my anxiety keeps me from enjoying things as much as I should at this age.
It changes you a little bit every time you either break someone's heart or get your heart broken.
I have written some songs, but I would really call what I've done poetry at the end of the day, because I'll sit with my guitar for hours and hours on end for, like, a week and then I won't touch it for a month. I also just have no confidence. And you know what? I don't have time, because I'd rather be doing other things, like knitting.
Intimacy is a wonderful thing. It's frustrating that growing up I thought it was wrong. It isn't. Exploring your sexuality is important when you're growing up.
A smoky eye and nice hair are not going to make my night any easier.
If you can't pronounce a word correctly, just don't use it.
I'm good with getting older because I feel like, one day, I know I will love myself.
I love animals and they're very easy to look after when they're dead.
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul, so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel.
The funny thing is, the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. She's awesome.
Singing was my first love and I never even considered it after I started acting, but now I'm bringing it back into my life. I trained from the ages of 11 to 17. When I moved to New York and got into serious acting, I just kind of abandoned the whole singing thing. But when I grew up in Pennsylvania I went to voice lessons once a week.
Making people laugh is magic. I feel like if you have humility, then you can do anything in comedy.
I have a dirty mouth sometimes, and I'm very liberal, and that doesn't always go down well in the film industry - especially when you've got to appeal to mums and daughters.
Well, it's very easy for me to gain weight, but even though I tried not eating for a week when I was really young, I couldn't do it any longer because I liked my food too much.
I'm trouble, but in a good way.
People are made up of flaws.
When taxidermy is done well it's an amazing piece of art.
You've just got to be comfortable with yourself.
We all get stuck. We all lose ourselves a little bit in a fantasy or in our jobs and forget how we feel about other things. It's really important to check yourself, to spend some time alone.
I didn't like fairy tales when I was younger. I found a lot of fairy tales scary. They really didn't sit well with me.
I'm most comfortable in my birthday suit.
I went to art school when I was little. I took ballet lessons. I played a little kick ball. I was sort of into everything because I had too much energy and I didn't know where to put it. When I was a preteen, I got into singing, and became really obsessed with it.
Marriage, at this point in my life? I'm not interested in it. Yet. Maybe later when I'm 35 or 40.
Hollywood is just like high school. The popular people only like the other popular people. And the thing is, some people aren't nice - or they're nice, but only to your face, not elsewhere.
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul, so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel. When you hear a song and you're acting it's incredible. But when you're singing a song and you're acting it's even more incredible.
I found a lot of fairy tales scary. They really didn't sit well with me.
I went to art school when I was little.
When I was a preteen, I got into singing, and became really obsessed with it. But then, of course, that didn't work out.
My focus is to not focus too much on one genre.
I like to keep people guessing.
I happen to be really a romantic.
My dad, he is such a soft man. Even if he has these opinions about my boyfriends, he will be the sweetest guy. He will make you feel like you're fascinating and awesome, even if he doesn't like you that much.
I don't dye my hair and I can go without makeup.
Waxing my legs is pretty much the only thing I have to maintain.
Maybe I should drive a hybrid. I do have a shirt that says, 'Go Green.'
I have to feel good on the inside to look glamorous.
I get unreasonably nervous before talk shows.
I'm pretty sure I would never do a full frontal in a movie - for personal reasons, I wouldn't really want to show that.
I think the era of the diva actress is coming to an end.
It's just like my dream to shoot things with no consequences.
I just can't wait for the future.
I guess I would ideally want to be 20 physically, but 40 mentally.
I just like to do covers, every once in a while. If someone pays me to go into the studio, I'll do it.
No matter what's happening in my life, I can always get lost in the romances of my characters.
I went to four different proms in high school. I was addicted to the whole ballroom thing.
I love acting like I'm in love. It's a very positive thing.
When you're young, it's hard not to get together with your costar.
For the first time in my life I'm really happy to be unattached because I realise there is so much responsibility to having a partner.
My sister keeps me grounded.
When you're playing somebody who's going through a lot - frustration and hardship - you're just purging all your emotions, and it feels really good to do that.
I talk like I know what I'm saying, but I don't.
I don't want to become a brand and I certainly don't want to have a persona.
I love my apartment in New York.
There are definitely reasons to do certain things, but I like to stick to good director, good actor, good script.
I don't like to play characters that are too perfect.
Perfect is boring.
I sacrificed six years in L.A. I did my job out here. I made contacts and did the work I had to do.
I suffer from anxiety attacks a lot.
Hollywood is just like high school: The popular people love the other popular people. And the thing is, some people aren't nice. Or they are nice, but only to your face, not elsewhere.
I always wanted to make people feel something.
I just don't like my face.
I never saw myself going to college. Even when I was looking at different schools, I was like, this really isn't right.
I have belly fat like everybody else, and I don't want to be airbrushed on the cover of a magazine.
