American,Actress
My very best friend died in a car accident when I was 16 years old. That was the hardest blow emotionally that I have ever had to endure. Suddenly, you realize tomorrow might not come. Now I live by the motto, 'Today is what I have.'
I was raised by my father; I was daddy's girl.
It requires bravery to do something no one else around you is doing.
I would love to see women be able to be powerful, complex, smart, opinionated and taken seriously, even if they are beautiful. Even more, I would love to see women held to different standards, other than the superficial ones that we're held to.
I don't imagine myself, my work, or my life, fitting into any kind of standardized path. In fact, the idea of there even being a standard freaks me out a lot.
I think I've always had a certain amount of skepticism of this whole 'shut up and smile' theory. I haven't ever swallowed that pill so easily, although I tried.
I've worked really hard to bring something more to 'pretty girl' roles over the years. I consider it a challenge.
I've always been a private person, and I've always valued my private life.
You can't respect yourself if you're afraid to be who you are.
I would never imagine a mate based on a certain sex or race.
Injustice can never be stood for.
I am constantly struggling to show people that there is more to me than my appearance. You do have to try and overcome those hurdles. Female actresses need to be given the chance to be more than how they look.
It is really hard when you spend your life living out of a suitcase. But it really does weed out superficial people - if someone is still with you after the second movie, then they're probably a good one! I like to trust people in general - it's the southern girl in me.
I'm thankful for the work that feminists like Gloria Steinem have done. I am a feminist, but the geography for women today is vastly different than it was in the '60s.
If you want to do something, you find a way.
Even though I don't believe in God, I feel strangely compelled to fight the atheist label.
I grew up in Texas, and people love their American-made muscle cars there. I grew up around people who loved cars and took care of cars and my dad's a big car nut, so I learned a little bit about cars - how to love them, most importantly. I think that from the time I could remember, I've always envisioned myself in a vintage muscle car.
One of the biggest challenges in my job is letting go of the movie once you go home at night, and knowing you can't do anything to your performance once you've laid it on film.
I think there's an instinct to make grotesque horror films that are purely carnal, like the 'Saw' movies.
I watch what I eat and drink.
I come from a place where I find it hard to identify with a label.
I take the sexy girl parts and try to give them something else and make them a character.
You know, I've kind of been lucky enough to always work with established actors or big names or people that are really popular or infamous for doing what they do and doing it well, I guess.
Everybody enjoys when a woman is her own character in a movie or otherwise.
I grew up just outside of Austin, and my upbringing was fairly rural.
I am a proud member of the LGBT community and could never bear the idea that someone could say I was closeted.
I am a firm believer that you can have the body you want, only to the extent that you're willing to work for it.
Once you start working out, you feel better and it becomes something you make time to do.
You feel better when you're eating food that retains nutritional value.
I'm looking to find good stories, not big commercial pieces of work.
I did nothing to look the way I look. The genetic cards that anyone is dealt are not in their control, so to take pride in my looks would be a mistake. And besides, in L.A. there's always someone more beautiful!
I get a stack of scripts, like, once a month, and most of the time, you find these placeholder girls that are there to provide a bounce for the male character. So we know he's funny because she's serious and she's mad at him. We know he's strong because she needs saving. So really, her job is to validate this personality trait of our hero or male.
I feel like I'm constantly fighting against my exterior, or this exterior presentation of myself, because of how I look or perhaps because of who I'm with.
I have a fiercely independent spirit.
We didn't take Charlize Theron seriously until she did 'Monster' and became physically ugly. I would love to see women be able to be powerful, complex, smart, opinionated and taken seriously, even if they are beautiful.
I used to be very interested in the history of women's rights in this country and in other countries. I tried to learn as much as I could about it, and more than anything, I would be called gay. It was phenomenal. But if a boy has something to say, he is appreciated; he's even popular. If a girl says something, it's instantly a threat.
I want to be an artist. I don't want to be a celebrity.
Can you ever imagine yourself in a situation like Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie or Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, where the world feels like they have a stake in your private life? I would never want it.
I think the main struggle for women in Hollywood and women in my position is to fight for true representation in the media and accurate representation of our many diverse qualities in stories.
When only one or two percent of filmmakers are female, you can't help but have some kind of bias.
If I were a man, I'd be allowed to play roles that were compelling and drove an audience to an emotional response.
I try to search for roles where the character is not dependent on how she looks, but it is hard because I didn't know anyone in this industry, so I started as an extra and fought.
My favourite thing is to do crossword puzzles. I do the 'New York Times' one every morning. Then I go to the barn to see my horse.
