American,Journalist
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.
Patriotism. Combustible rubbish ready to the torch of any one ambitious to illuminate his name.
Philosophy: A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing.
Rum, n. Generically, fiery liquors that produce madness in total abstainers.
Belladonna, n.: In Italian a beautiful lady; in English a deadly poison. A striking example of the essential identity of the two tongues.
Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate.
Men become civilized, not in proportion to their willingness to believe, but in proportion to their readiness to doubt.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Ocean: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man - who has no gills.
Fidelity - a virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.
Jealous, adj. Unduly concerned about the preservation of that which can be lost only if not worth keeping.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
Prescription: A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient.
Cabbage: a familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
Quotation, n: The act of repeating erroneously the words of another.
When you doubt, abstain.
Dog - a kind of additional or subsidiary Deity designed to catch the overflow and surplus of the world's worship.
The hardest tumble a man can make is to fall over his own bluff.
Consult: To seek approval for a course of action already decided upon.
Coward: One who, in a perilous emergency, thinks with his legs.
Childhood: the period of human life intermediate between the idiocy of infancy and the folly of youth - two removes from the sin of manhood and three from the remorse of age.
Lawsuit: A machine which you go into as a pig and come out of as a sausage.
Edible - good to eat and wholesome to digest, as a worm to a toad, a toad to a snake, a snake to a pig, a pig to a man, and a man to a worm.
Optimism - the doctrine or belief that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly.
Heaven lies about us in our infancy and the world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
Litigation: A machine which you go into as a pig and come out of as a sausage.
Revolution, n. In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
Famous, adj.: Conspicuously miserable.
Ardor, n. The quality that distinguishes love without knowledge.
Present, n. That part of eternity dividing the domain of disappointment from the realm of hope.
Friendless. Having no favors to bestow. Destitute of fortune. Addicted to utterance of truth and common sense.
Incompatibility. In matrimony a similarity of tastes, particularly the taste for domination.
Convent - a place of retirement for women who wish for leisure to meditate upon the sin of idleness.
Forgetfulness - a gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience.
Absence blots people out. We really have no absent friends.
To apologize is to lay the foundation for a future offense.
Destiny: A tyrant's authority for crime and a fool's excuse for failure.
Politeness, n: The most acceptable hypocrisy.
Doubt, indulged and cherished, is in danger of becoming denial; but if honest, and bent on thorough investigation, it may soon lead to full establishment of the truth.
It is evident that skepticism, while it makes no actual change in man, always makes him feel better.
Life - a spiritual pickle preserving the body from decay.
The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.
Debt, n. An ingenious substitute for the chain and whip of the slavedriver.
Acquaintance. A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited.
Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly.
We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect.
Architect. One who drafts a plan of your house, and plans a draft of your money.
Women in love are less ashamed than men. They have less to be ashamed of.
Witticism. A sharp and clever remark, usually quoted and seldom noted; what the Philistine is pleased to call a joke.
Academe, n.: An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught. Academy, n.: A modern school where football is taught.
Fork: An instrument used chiefly for the purpose of putting dead animals into the mouth.
Calamities are of two kinds: misfortunes to ourselves, and good fortune to others.
Conservative, n: A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
Spring beckons! All things to the call respond; the trees are leaving and cashiers abscond.
Doubt is the father of invention.
Bigot: One who is obstinately and zealously attached to an opinion that you do not entertain.
Absurdity, n.: A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
Anoint, v.: To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently slippery.
Deliberation, n.: The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is buttered on.
Genealogy, n. An account of one's descent from a man who did not particularly care to trace his own.
Laziness. Unwarranted repose of manner in a person of low degree.
Alien - an American sovereign in his probationary state.
Abscond - to move in a mysterious way, commonly with the property of another.
Prejudice - a vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
Alliance - in international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.
Litigant. A person about to give up his skin for the hope of retaining his bones.
Impiety. Your irreverence toward my deity.
Dawn: When men of reason go to bed.
Faith: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.
Brain: an apparatus with which we think we think.
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
Admiration, n. Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.
Liberty: One of Imagination's most precious possessions.
Marriage, n: the state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves, making in all, two.
Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art.
Land: A part of the earth's surface, considered as property. The theory that land is property subject to private ownership and control is the foundation of modern society, and is eminently worthy of the superstructure.
Telephone, n. An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
Day, n. A period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent.
History is an account, mostly false, of events, mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools.
I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers. What I said was that all saloonkeepers are Democrats.
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.
Doubt begins only at the last frontiers of what is possible.
I believe we shall come to care about people less and less. The more people one knows the easier it becomes to replace them. It's one of the curses of London.
The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up.
There are four kinds of Homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy.
Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows.
Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.
An egotist is a person of low taste - more interested in himself than in me.
Mayonnaise: One of the sauces which serve the French in place of a state religion.
Painting, n.: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic.
Bacchus, n.: A convenient deity invented by the ancients as an excuse for getting drunk.
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
Ambidextrous, adj.: Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.
Clairvoyant, n.: A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that which is invisible to her patron - namely, that he is a blockhead.
Cynic, n: a blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be.
Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
Confidante: One entrusted by A with the secrets of B confided to herself by C.
What this country needs what every country needs occasionally is a good hard bloody war to revive the vice of patriotism on which its existence as a nation depends.
Pray: To ask the laws of the universe to be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
Vote: the instrument and symbol of a freeman's power to make a fool of himself and a wreck of his country.
Barometer, n.: An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
Suffrage, noun. Expression of opinion by means of a ballot. The right of suffrage (which is held to be both a privilege and a duty) means, as commonly interpreted, the right to vote for the man of another man's choice, and is highly prized.
Battle, n., A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that would not yield to the tongue.
The slightest acquaintance with history shows that powerful republics are the most warlike and unscrupulous of nations.
Divorce: a resumption of diplomatic relations and rectification of boundaries.
Amnesty, n. The state's magnanimity to those offenders whom it would be too expensive to punish.
Genius - to know without having learned; to draw just conclusions from unknown premises; to discern the soul of things.
Eulogy. Praise of a person who has either the advantages of wealth and power, or the consideration to be dead.
Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.
Trial. A formal inquiry designed to prove and put upon record the blameless characters of judges, advocates and jurors.
Backbite. To speak of a man as you find him when he can't find you.
Ambition. An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while living and made ridiculous by friends when dead.
Creditor. One of a tribe of savages dwelling beyond the Financial Straits and dreaded for their desolating incursions.
Eloquence, n. The art of orally persuading fools that white is the color that it appears to be. It includes the gift of making any color appear white.
A man is known by the company he organizes.
Duty - that which sternly impels us in the direction of profit, along the line of desire.
Irreligion - the principal one of the great faiths of the world.
Insurance - an ingenious modern game of chance in which the player is permitted to enjoy the comfortable conviction that he is beating the man who keeps the table.
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced.
Consul - in American politics, a person who having failed to secure an office from the people is given one by the Administration on condition that he leave the country.
Sabbath - a weekly festival having its origin in the fact that God made the world in six days and was arrested on the seventh.
Enthusiasm - a distemper of youth, curable by small doses of repentance in connection with outward applications of experience.
Wit - the salt with which the American humorist spoils his intellectual cookery by leaving it out.
