American,Author
Wandering around the mall and giggling at magazines doesn't interest me. I've never enjoyed shopping. I detest shoes.
I prefer to write about what we refer to as 'the supernatural' versus everyday life. Humans, by themselves, bore me.
My mom was really of the belief that, as long as you were reading anything, it was okay. Just read.
Vampires were an excellent springboard. I still love them; they fascinate me.
Honestly, I get character ideas from the most inane places. Sometimes a song will give me an idea. Sometimes I will just hear a snippet of conversation that ends up having nothing to do with the book that emerges.
I do not read newspaper comics unless they happen to be out when I visit my parents, but I follow several online comics, which I check every morning while I drink my coffee and wake up for the day.
I work during the days and have night classes on Wednesday and Thursday and live with my partner, who is in school during the days and works Wednesday through Saturday nights. Monday and Tuesday are therefore our nights, and we both get our work out of the way so we can actually spend time together.
If we ever have free time, my partner and I are fond of going on walks through the local state forests and parks.
In 2006, when I had come very close to calling my agent and telling him I needed to take a break, NaNoWriMo was where I found my inspiration again.
I read and enjoy just about anything I can get my hands on.
One of the strangest results of having your name on a book jacket is the proliferation of people who know one narrow aspect of your life and are suddenly surprised to learn there's more.
When I was fourteen, I was one of those kids who wore all black because it matched everything. Seriously.
The truth is, I like to engage with life fully. Given an opportunity to do something I don't often get a chance to do, I feel the need to try it, even if I suspect I'll make a fool out of myself.
I have swung on a flying trapeze, explored a glacier, and been hit in the face by a shark's tail while scuba diving. I like to throw myself fully into projects and adventures, which is probably how I managed to publish a book in the first place.
Even if I earn millions, I will probably do the average things, like live in a dorm and work at McDonald's.
