American,Actress
I have always wanted a bunny and I'll always have a rabbit the rest of my life.
My favorite things often have a story behind them and are usually handmade or discovered at a flea market.
I never really take shortcuts. I was always one of those people who, instead of cutting across someone's yard on the way home from school, I would go to the end of the block and turn.
I always liked my teachers, and I was in a lot of after-school projects. I was a Girl Scout until my senior year, when I couldn't be a Girl Scout anymore. I was in clubs like Junior Achievement, and I ran track and field. My grades were good, but then toward 11th grade they were nothing. I always went to summer school.
But I always like to play ugly people who think they're pretty.
I like crafts that are made out of necessity because they're a little naive - you made it because you needed it.
We're all used to seeing pretty people. I want to see real people.
When people tell me they are going to go scrapbooking, I say, 'Why don't you make it yourself.' It's like chocolate-chip cookies. People buy the cookie-dough roll and slice it, and then they lay it on a cookie sheet. That's not making chocolate-chip cookies.
I always find something to keep me busy.
It was more of their quirky show. It was more like a cult show. The ratings weren't really that high.
They just expected it to you know... Paul, Steve and I could have hired our own publicist, if we wanted to, but I kind of liked the way it was more of a cult thing and those that liked it, liked it, you know what I mean?
David and Dad didn't get along too well growing up. I mean we all got along, but it was harder on David, because David wasn't going to be the son that Dad wanted. But now they're like best friends.
My father and I have a very good relationship. We always got along. But I always scold him.
I failed first grade, which is my biggest problem. You always feel like a failure, like you're stupid.
I'm not a first-place person.
I'm not ambitious.
I live in the moment.
I just like to have the ideas. Other people can help see them through.
I choose to do unattractive people, because then I can pretend they think they're attractive.
My characters always like themselves.
I'd rather have a part where you walk into a room and you leave. That's perfect for me.
I have no desire to carry a movie.
You know when you watch old movies, it's always the small parts you remember, the character actors who come in like a breath of fresh air.
Whenever I do your show, sometimes I get a little check in the mail and then I take that check and buy a new pair of shoes, and then I wear those shoes the next time I do your show.
I swear I want to be a food model.
My mom used to say that Greek Easter was later because then you get stuff cheaper.
I like to entertain in all aspects. When you're with somebody and you're out, you want to be entertained. I like to be around entertaining people. Even if they're bored, and you're in a convalescent home, there's something entertaining about that, in a way.
I like to just make things... If I have the TV on, I'm not just going to sit there. I want to do something with my hands; I've always got a project. Or I get a small group of people over, and I say, 'Let's make these things today.'
A lot of crafters, they're shut-ins.
I have a very muscular face.
I feel confident writing on my feet with improv, but it's different when you're sitting down and writing it out.
Don't make anybody a homemade gift. Unless you're really good, or it's going to be really practical. If it's a little thing you think is cute 'cause you made it, just forget it.
I like to play unattractive people who think they're pretty. You can do what you want, but I prefer to look interesting.
If I'm creating something for myself, then I want to have fun.
I'm drawn to people who look different. I'm not exploiting. I'm not making fun of them. I'm drawn to them.
I wouldn't call myself a shut-in. I have the ability to leave my home; I just choose not to. But because I'm such a homebody, it's important to be surrounded by things I love.
Sometimes, to keep things exciting, I decorate my house as if I owned a child. I'll toss a tiny pair of shoes in the hallway or lean small wooden crutches in what I refer to as 'the baby's room,' which is actually a tiny space where I make things. I continue to call it the baby's room because it confuses people and it's creepy.
I love theatrical props: a cup filled with solid fake tea, say, or a collection of fake food, including a rubber turkey, which, during the holidays, I wrap in tinfoil so it appears to have just come out of the oven.
I can't imagine going to an all-girls school. I went to a public school.
If I know I have to memorize lines, I'm really gonna try to memorize lines. It's hard for me sometimes, because somebody wrote these words and you're trying really hard to get them the way they said it.
I love cop shows and crime books and thrillers, and before I die I'm gonna play a cop.
People always think I'm Amy Poehler, which never bothers me. I mean, Amy Poehler is great.
People that know me know that I cook. I cook every night.
I'm always more attracted to the unattractive.
I'd just much rather see an ugly person take the trash out than see somebody really pretty taking the trash out.
I like people who would rather something be discovered than shoved in your face.
When I'm by myself, I never play music. I have a lot of it, for a girl, but I don't listen to it a lot. I hate picking music out; I'm not good at it.
I have a lot of fake food in my apartment, but I'm picky about it. Old plaster food, like from the '50s is really nice, hollowed out paper-mache food from old plays - the new stuff just looks too good.
A lot of times girls think they're funny, but they want to pretty at the same time, and if you want to be funny, you have to be willing to get ugly.
I like working with the public, I like working with food, and I like making cash.
If I put my mind to something, it happens. I do know that's not necessarily psychic. But I always feel like there's something around me protecting me.
I am an aging Girl Scout.
I want witchcraft so bad that I can't stand it. I have wands in my apartment. And I use them sometimes. I walk into the kitchen with my wand, and I come out with something on a platter and I say, 'See, magic happens.' Works every time.
