American,President
Every good citizen makes his country's honor his own, and cherishes it not only as precious but as sacred. He is willing to risk his life in its defense and is conscious that he gains protection while he gives it.
It is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their own selfish purposes.
Any man worth his salt will stick up for what he believes right, but it takes a slightly better man to acknowledge instantly and without reservation that he is in error.
I weep for the liberty of my country when I see at this early day of its successful experiment that corruption has been imputed to many members of the House of Representatives, and the rights of the people have been bartered for promises of office.
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
I've got big shoes to fill. This is my chance to do something. I have to seize the moment.
It was settled by the Constitution, the laws, and the whole practice of the government that the entire executive power is vested in the President of the United States.
You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing.
The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the right of suffrage; and this when used with calmness and deliberation will prove strong enough.
All the rights secured to the citizens under the Constitution are worth nothing, and a mere bubble, except guaranteed to them by an independent and virtuous Judiciary.
The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.
Nullification means insurrection and war; and the other states have a right to put it down.
Mischief springs from the power which the moneyed interest derives from a paper currency which they are able to control, from the multitude of corporations with exclusive privileges... which are employed altogether for their benefit.
Americans are not a perfect people, but we are called to a perfect mission.
The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.
To the victors belong the spoils.
Elevate those guns a little lower.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it.
The Constitution and the laws are supreme and the Union indissoluble.
Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms.
Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.
There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses.
The brave man inattentive to his duty, is worth little more to his country than the coward who deserts in the hour of danger.
The Bible is the rock on which this Republic rests.
I am a Senator against my wishes and feelings, which I regret more than any other of my life.
I have always been afraid of banks.
