American,Editor
I just need green. I need to wake up and see grass and squirrels. I don't want to see skyscrapers.
The little black dress expresses a moment of freedom and individuality every time.
One my favorite things is to go to the provinces of Russia and see the 18th century wood churches with the onion dome architecture. These humble wonders of incredible imagination of architects that were obviously not living in places like Paris or London, but they've created these amazing churches.
People need to be edited; life needs to be edited. I need to be edited.
I always feel comfortable, basically in any situation except perhaps airports.
What's that show? 'TMZ'? They stand there and say, 'I've got this on this person.' The focus on celebrities can be detrimental because people could be thinking of other things, but it's a part of the culture and it's what sells.
I love sitting through long things. I mean, 'Gone With the Wind' I will sit through; I love sitting somewhere for four hours, for anything. I love being on a train. I love sitting down for four hours. I think it's the most wonderful thing to be able to sit somewhere and concentrate on something for more than two hours.
First Ladies have always been held like specimens under a media microscope.
The late Estee Lauder says you can never wear white shoes after Labor Day. But of course, in today's world, that does not exist.
I will sit in the car on the way to a meeting and just smile. I really mean that. It helps you get through life. If you have nothing to say, smile. Look up at the sky and smile. Just be grateful.
The zenith of elegance in any woman's wardrobe is the little black dress, the power of which suggests dash and refinement.
The happiest moments of my childhood were spent on my grandmother's front porch in Durham, N.C., or at her sister's farmhouse in Orange County, where chickens paraded outside the kitchen's screen door and hams were cured in the smokehouse.
Uggs are comfort shoes, and it's important to have a shoe that gives you a sense of comfort. I have about 15 pair of Uggs - the same shoe, the same color. And I also have the bedroom slippers.
I have always admired stylishly confident women who dress with great authority. This lifelong love of elegance began with the humble wardrobe of my late grandmother Mrs. Bennie Frances Davis.
When I was a young boy, growing up in Durham, North Carolina, the women in my family were truly passionate about their clothes; nothing was more beautiful to me than women dressing with the utmost, meticulous attention to accessories, shoes, handbags, hats, coats, dresses and gloves to attend Sunday church services.
I'm not going to go to the local theater to spend $12... when I can get a screening copy of a film. I don't get screeners myself, but I can borrow from my friends or go to their house to watch.
I do believe there's a heaven. I do believe that God has given me the resilience and the survival skills to withstand the chiffon trenches.
I personally go to the airport looking like a homeless person, because I think people will leave me alone. But I dress myself with my luggage - all my luggage matches.
Mrs. Obama has a hug - a sincere and friendly embrace - that has become familiar to countless supporters from coast to coast. And when she talks to you, she focuses all her calm attention on your face.
Like Hillary Clinton before her, Mrs. Obama has always been a working woman. She is a lawyer turned hospital administrator turned political right hand. It is a unique resume.
I went to Brown to be a French professor, and I didn't know what I was doing except that I loved French. When I got to Paris and I could speak French, I know how much it helped me to establish relationships with Karl Lagerfeld, with the late Yves St. Laurent. French, it just helps you if you're in fashion. The French people started style.
Reality TV, although I'm a part of it, I think reality TV is a terrible thing.
When I have interns, I always say, 'Handwritten thank-you notes can make a difference.' People remember that - not an e-mail, a handwritten note in an envelope.
Uggs can be as chic as heels for women.
You can never have too many black pumps. Never!
I'm usually at home and in bed by 10 o'clock. I do not want to be out at anybody's New Year's Eve party.
I love Russian culture. I don't know the young Russia, I'm not at all familiar with young Russia, but the old school Russia is good enough for me for the moment.
It's incorrect to assume you can be a fashion editor because you blog, if you don't have experience to look at fashion in a professional way.
In the heyday of the Oscars, there were electric sparks flying. When Cher went in her fabulous Bob Mackie dress and her Mohawk, and Bjoerk with her swan dress. Then we thought it was bad taste; now I think it should have been the best dress because she stood out.
Snooki and Honey Boo Boo. These are big celebrities in the U.S. You want to throw up.
There are no more Elizabeth Taylors. You could be fascinated by her, she lived so many lives, she lived far, she loved the jewels; she had gaudy taste but she had extraordinary talent.
On 9/11, that morning, I was in a Christian Dior Couture appointment at the Hotel Pierre.
Wearing clothes should be a personal narrative of emotion. I always respond to fashion in an emotional way.
Stella McCartney, not only is she a designer, she is a mother of four, and she lives for practicality. She understands what a woman needs to wear to work and what a woman needs to wear when it's time to go out and put on the Ritz!
There is room in today's world for men to wear dresses.
It's always great to have things from France at a wedding. It's symbolic of style, of culture, of taste.
People love fashion exhibits because they can fantasize. They can respond to a dress even if they can never wear a dress like that.
