American,Artist
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Human beings are born solitary, but everywhere they are in chains - daisy chains - of interactivity. Social actions are makeshift forms, often courageous, sometimes ridiculous, always strange. And in a way, every social action is a negotiation, a compromise between 'his,' 'her' or 'their' wish and yours.
If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art.
Art is what you can get away with.
What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest. You can be watching TV and see Coca-Cola, and you can know that the President drinks Coke. Liz Taylor drinks Coke, and just think, you can drink Coke, too.
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
My idea of a good picture is one that's in focus and of a famous person.
Everyone needs a fantasy.
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
I'd asked around 10 or 15 people for suggestions. Finally one lady friend asked the right question, 'Well, what do you love most?' That's how I started painting money.
I just happen to like ordinary things. When I paint them, I don't try to make them extraordinary. I just try to paint them ordinary-ordinary.
I am a deeply superficial person.
My fascination with letting images repeat and repeat - or in film's case 'run on' - manifests my belief that we spend much of our lives seeing without observing.
We live in an age when the traditional great subjects - the human form, the landscape, even newer traditions such as abstract expressionism - are daily devalued by commercial art.
Fantasy love is much better than reality love.
I've been invited to the White House about five times. I think the greatest thing would be if they actually invited everybody to the White House every night... they'd just take about 500 people a night. Everybody would just love this country because it's so thrilling to go there. It really is.
I love Los Angeles, and I love Hollywood. They're beautiful. Everybody's plastic, but I love plastic. I want to be plastic.
The most exciting thing is not doing it. If you fall in love with someone and never do it, it's much more exciting.
I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own.
I always like to see if the art across the street is better than mine.
I think everybody should like everybody.
Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery.
I have Social Disease. I have to go out every night. If I stay home one night I start spreading rumors to my dogs.
I think they should have movies in restaurants. I can't believe that so many people get together just to sit there. It's so abstract... isn't it abstract? What are these people sitting here watching?
Sex is more exciting on the screen and between the pages than between the sheets.
Before I was shot, I always thought that I was more half-there than all-there - I always suspected that I was watching TV instead of living life. Right when I was being shot and ever since, I knew that I was watching television.
During the 1960s, I think, people forgot what emotions were supposed to be. And I don't think they've ever remembered.
So many people seem to prefer my silver-screenings of movie stars to the rest of my work. It must be the subject matter that attracts them, because my death and violence paintings are just as good.
I want to be a machine.
Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details.
Voyeurism is a director's job description. It's an artist's, too.
I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is 'In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.'
I'll bet there are a lot of artists that nobody hears about who just make more money than anybody. The people that do all the sculptures and paintings for big building construction. We never hear about them, but they make more money than anybody.
I think the first photograph I did was a ballplayer. It was a way of showing action or something.
The clothes of Courreges are so nice.
Now and then, someone would accuse me of being evil - of letting people destroy themselves while I watched, just so I could film them and tape-record them. But I didn't think of myself as evil - just realistic.
I went to vote once, but I got too scared. I couldn't decide whom to vote for.
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
I've decided something: Commercial things really do stink. As soon as it becomes commercial for a mass market it really stinks.
I always wished I had died, and I still wish that, because I could have gotten the whole thing over with.
I used to think that everything was just being funny but now I don't know. I mean, how can you tell?
I think Chris Burden is terrific. I really do.
I think it would be terrific if everybody was alike.
I used to have the same lunch every day, for 20 years, I guess, the same thing over and over again.
Checks aren't money.
Since I was shot, everything is such a dream to me. Like I don't know whether I'm alive or whether I died. I wasn't afraid before. And having been dead once, I shouldn't feel fear. But I am afraid. I don't understand why.
I think kids should go to high school until they're 30. No, really, because people are staying younger now and there's nothing to do. If you stayed longer, then it would be really great.
Sociological critics are waste makers.
