American,Actress
My friend, Sue Ann, in college pulled me aside and said, 'Honey I love you but you have got to start waxing your eyebrows. They look wild!' So thank you, that kinda changed my life.
I think it's a tough road if you're a stay-at-home mom, a working mom, if you have a partner, if you don't. It's the best job in the world, and the toughest job in the world all at the same time.
I have so many messy moments.
Parenthood is such a lesson in self-sacrifice.
I keep lip gloss everywhere. It always makes me feel like I am slightly put together.
As a busy working mom I'm always pressed for time, so a quick and easy beauty routine is key!
I don't want to live in a world where I could say to my daughter, 'There used to be turtles that swam in the ocean.'
Your audience is a lot smarter than you realize.
Seriously, I will probably out-talk you if you come up to me because I'm a chatterbox.
I love 'House' - I love 'House' so much.
I keep my sisters on speed dial.
Funniness is genetic.
I have a special place in my heart for working moms - it's a constant pull on your heartstrings.
I bring my bike to work, and I make laps around our parking lot on my lunch break.
I think that the biggest beauty essential is as simple as a good, full night's sleep.
I got the wake-up call that no one is policing our oceans. I wondered, how can I do anything? What really can I do to make things better? There are some perks to being a celebrity. My job is to be funny once in a while, but it's my responsibility to make good use of it.
Cut down on your use of plastic shopping bags because many end up in the ocean.
I think we've all worked with that person at the office who takes themselves and their job so seriously.
If you change a character too much, the audience falls out of love with the character, but characters need to evolve and grow over the years.
I have a very normal life. I go to the grocery store, I go to Target. I don't have an assistant, I don't have an entourage.
I think we want our kids to grow up to be people who can think outside of the box, be creative and innovators, sort of the forward-thinkers of our future. I think a way to inspire that is through art and music.
I hope my daughter knows that in our house we can make messes and have fun and we'll laugh through it. Granted I don't want her to trash the house, but we do make a lot of messes.
I love hanging out at home with my kid. It's hard to get me to leave the house.
I think a lot of times we can get distracted and not be in the moment with people and be missing all the life happening in the moment.
My very sassy, older southern sister is very quick to point out that it's a luxury that my daughter gets to come to work with me. She does, and I have lunch with her every single day. My mom says I have 'high class problems.'
Being a parent is amazing.
