American,Model
I pray every day for my little girls. It's hard out there for the younger generation.
When I get bored, I get into trouble.
Here's kind of my motto - if you're not happy at home, you're not happy anywhere else.
As an actor all we want to do is act and play people.
I think it's very hard in this day and age to raise little girls with morals, ethics and values, and them knowing that they are precious creations and that they are important.
I'm the kind of person who wants the people around me to be comfortable, to laugh, and to have a fabulous time - I want them to be as happy as I am.
If I have anything to say against Obama it's not because I'm a racist, it's because I don't like what he's doing as President and anybody should be able to feel that way, but what I find now is that if you say anything against him you're called a racist.
I left 'Law and Order' because I really honestly did want to do movies and did want to be a movie star since I was a little girl.
I'm very, very modest.
When I'm not working, I would kill to have some sort of creative outlet other than, say, a coloring book. And when I'm working, I want to do all those things I was griping about - you know, make a turkey-and-cheese sandwich, put it in a zip-top bag, and stick it in a lunch box right now!
I'm super organized, but a horrible house cleaner.
I wouldn't say Hollywood is anti-Republican, I certainly haven't experienced that.
It breaks my heart that I don't see my daughters every day, don't get to hug them and brush their hair.
When I feel like I'm not doing what I am supposed to as a mother, I will torture myself. I don't know how to deal with it. I find some consolation in the fact that all mommies feel it. If there was a way to cure mommy guilt, I would bottle it and be a bazillionaire.
My biggest insecurity is that my personality is too much, and as I get older, it's just getting bigger.
I think one of the greatest things about the Republican Party is the understanding, we don't point fingers and we have class.
I'm just confused as to where we lost that in America because it is everyone's God-given right to think the way they think and that's fine. That's why our ancestors came here to America, to believe what they want, pray how they want and follow a religion with whoever they want.
I've got three daughters and I'm going to stand up for them and support them in whatever they want to do.
Let me tell you, when you're pregnant with the first one, it's great of course, all new and 'Yay!' With the second one it's still okay; you can pay attention to number one and she can share in the joy of the pregnancy.
I learned a long time ago that it doesn't make me less of a woman because my babies come out of a different place. My C-sections have been fine.
I've never been a good patient. I'm not good with pain. It is not for me.
I want my girls to be strong and self-sufficient.
I don't have the time to curl up on my couch with a good book.
I work 90 hours a week. I work 5 to 9, it's not 9 to 5.
All mothers go through the exact same things.
It's not like I don't have my own wants and dreams anymore - it's just that the kids come first. It's primal.
