American,Journalist
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.
Sensual pleasures have the fleeting brilliance of a comet; a happy marriage has the tranquillity of a lovely sunset.
If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough.
Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all; this, too, shall pass.
I don't believe that you have to be a cow to know what milk is.
Class never tries to build itself up by tearing others down. Class is already up and need not strive to look better by making others look worse.
People who care about each other enjoy doing things for one another. They don't consider it servitude.
Maturity: Be able to stick with a job until it is finished. Be able to bear an injustice without having to get even. Be able to carry money without spending it. Do your duty without being supervised.
Too many people today know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Know when to tune out, if you listen to too much advice you may wind up making other peoples mistakes.
Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat.
Class can 'walk with kings and keep its virtue and talk with crowds and keep the common touch.' Everyone is comfortable with the person who has class because that person is comfortable with himself.
Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
One out of four people in this country is mentally unbalanced. Think of your three closes friends; if they seem OK, then you're the one.
Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
People who drink to drown their sorrow should be told that sorrow knows how to swim.
The trouble with talking too fast is you may say something you haven't thought of yet.
Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.
You need that guy like a giraffe needs strep throat.
The Lord gave us two ends - one to sit on and the other to think with. Success depends on which one we use the most.
No one has the right to destroy another person's belief by demanding empirical evidence.
I advise keeping four feet on the floor and all hands on deck.
