American,Celebrity
The thing that's nice about pregnancy is that in the end, you have a baby.
When I was so fatigued that I couldn't move, the excitement of going to the barn and getting my foot in the stirrup would make me crawl out of bed.
Motherhood was my career. I'm totally satisfied with that.
If I were a 40-year-old woman, 40-to-50, I'd want to be getting my mammograms. They catch cancers, and cancer is very curable if you catch it early.
Multiple Sclerosis is obviously close to my heart and I'm determined to make a difference in the lives of people who suffer from the disease by raising the profile of MS, as well as raising funds for advocacy and research.
You just deal with the cards that are dealt you and you just go on and push forward.
Riding exhilarated me; it gave me a joy and a purpose.
And I cannot tell you how much I appreciate that because the days are long, the road is hard, the trials are there and I never know when, I have this little gray cloud that's over my head, when it's gonna start raining on me again. And I do need everyone's prayers. But I also believe that we're here for a purpose, and Mitt is prepared.
I'd sit on a horse and forget I was even sick.
Everybody has problems. Everyone has issues.
We all have burdens and we need to learn to carry each other's burdens, lighten each other's load.
I know what it's like to finish the laundry and to look in the basket five minutes later and it's full again. I know what it's like to pull all the groceries in, and see the teenagers run through, and all of a sudden, all of the groceries you just bought a few hours ago are gone.
Everywhere I go people come up to me, they mob me - anyone who has MS or has a relative with MS - they come up and hug and cry.
I know for certain people I'm championing a struggle that they're going through.
There are certain things that don't mix well with MS. One is staying up late at night. Another is big, noisy crowds. Well, campaigns are staying up late at night and big noisy crowds.
My faith experience, well, as you can imagine, you need a lot of faith to raise five boys.
I do recognize the most valuable work being done across the country is that work being done inside the four walls in our homes. And let us not forget how important the work of the mother and father are to raising responsible citizens.
We are all children of the same God, and we have to come together to solve our problems and not be fighting so much.
There have been so many people that have come up and embraced me as an example of what it's like to face something tough and just get up the next day and keep pushing.
You know how exasperated you can be when you're the mother of five young boys.
It may look perfect, but that's one thing I have learned about life is that it isn't always what it looks.
It's been quite an experience, being conservative and living in the North East.
I made a choice to stay home and raise five boys. Believe me, it was hard work.
My career choice was to be a mother.
I can tell you and promise you that I've had struggles in my life. And I would love to have people understand that Mitt and I have compassion for people that are struggling.
Everyone in life has their challenges, mine have not been financial.
