American,Actress
I love... anything in black and white. Just put it on the TV, I'll watch.
I only surround myself with people who are intellectually stimulating.
My family and school life are important to me.
When moms and dads put their kids in acting class, good luck. Because you're just filling them with stuff they don't need yet.
There were a lot of signs being thrown at me, a lot of angels I was meeting, inspiring me to get back into show business.
I don't let it bother me too much if someone doesn't like me. I just figure there's no accounting for taste. It's not me, it's my acting. It's like if someone doesn't like someone's food, they just don't like my acting.
I really don't like to do back-to-back movies. I concentrate on things at home. My family and school life are important to me. I try to do one movie a year.
Kissing Macaulay Culkin was like kissing a brother. It was really no big deal.
Right now I'm just thinking about school and trying to get those grades and keep them up! In case I become a Norma Desmond when I grow up, I can have something to fall back on!
When I graduated from college I thought I was over with show business and was pursuing other things.
I guess it's nice to know I still resonate in people's minds.
I pray every night. I just talk to God and I can go to sleep. I don't worry anymore.
Even on the worst days I am without a doubt still happier doing this than I am doing anything else. On acting.
First, I was a fact checker for Zagat and then I was an editorial assistant for HarperCollins publishing house.
You can ask any set decorator on any set where I've had to be in an office, I always kind of claim it - I put Post-its everywhere, and I kind of make it look lived-in.
It was easy for me to leave acting for school, because I wasn't really in it as an adolescent for fulfilling reasons.
I watched 'My Girl' as an adult pretty recently, and it's a good movie.
A lot of movies treat kids like idiots.
Supposedly I haven't changed.
In order to satirize adequately, I think you need to bring people down to Earth and be like, 'Yeah, these people drink coffee and have tummy troubles and they go to the bathroom like anybody else, and they all have relationship problems, if they even have relationships.'
It was more like having unwanted attention as a child - if you'd walk around, people would recognize you, and it would be in a weird, almost making-fun-type manner.
Kids are brought into show business because they are cute and see truth and they're very bright. But there's a sense of doing it because you want the adults to be approving of you. You want to make them happy.
I didn't want to go down any scarier path of low self-esteem than I was already on the track for. So during my second year of college I was like, 'I'm over it! I have to go see what this other thing called life is about!'
Show business got really tainted for me.
From the very start of all of this, my mom has read the scripts first. And if she liked something, she let me read it. She told our agent what kinds of parts that we would want.
I had no idea of the size of my bank account as a teen, and I didn't care to know. That was my mom's job, I figured that I would just find out when I turned 18. If you can't trust your mom, then who can you trust?
