American,Actress
Watching television in those days was not the same experience as it is today. After years of listening to radio, we found the black-and-white images mesmerizing.
Mickey Mouse... is always there-he's part of my life. That really is something not everyone can call their claim to fame.
For me, the wheelchair symbolizes disability in a way a cane does not.
I was not prepared to live as a single parent.
Dick Clark really didn't make rock 'n roll safe for America, as many people think.
The original Mickey Mouse Club, established in the '30s, was designed to attract children to movie theaters.
Of all the roles I've played, none has been as fulfilling as being a mother.
The Lord has been with me throughout my life. He's never let me down.
Animation did not become the dominant form of children's television until the '60s.
As I grew older, I came to feel more responsible for any hardship or trouble my career caused my family.
As I travel across the country speaking about MS, perhaps I can offer others comfort and hope.
At the beginning of 1955 only about 60 percent of American homes had TVs.
Growing up in public is especially hard sometimes.
I always considered myself a dancer before anything else.
I have always thought of Walt Disney as my second father.
I still don't know precisely why The Mickey Mouse Club ended when it did.
I'm saddened to see that some have been misled into believing that Mr. Disney was something other than a kind, caring man.
I've always found Mr. Disney to be somewhat of a shy person, a kid at heart.
In 1993 my birthday present was a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame.
In the United States women develop MS at approximately twice the rate men do, and no one can explain why women are affected most often from the waist down.
Just learning that you have MS is such a devastating shock.
Most original viewers of the Mickey Mouse Club didn't face the crush of family and social problems children have today.
Mr. Disney and his staff were constantly scouting for great stories to bring to life on film.
Mr. Disney believed everyone was still a child deep inside.
MS is not really a degenerative illness. It is not fatal, nor is it always progressive.
My dear friend Jimmie Dodd was the heart and the soul of The Mickey Mouse Club.
