American,Novelist
Obsession led me to write. It's been that way with every book I've ever written. I become completely consumed by a theme, by characters, by a desire to meet a challenge.
When I write something, every word of it is meant. I can't say it enough.
Stephen King in many respects is a wonderful writer. He has made a contribution. People in the future will be able to pick up Stephen King's books and learn a lot about who we were by reading those books.
Obviously, a writer can't know everything about what she writes. It's impossible.
To write something, you have to risk making a fool of yourself.
We're frightened of what makes us different.
Writers, as they gain success, feel like outsiders because writers don't come together in real groups.
The only pain in pleasure is the pleasure of the pain.
People who cease to believe in God or goodness altogether still believe in the devil. I don't know why. No, I do indeed know why. Evil is always possible. And goodness is eternally difficult.
I thought The Shining was just absolutely wonderful. Stephen King reaches all kinds of people. In the beginning he was just dismissed out of hand, which was terrible.
First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success.
Evil is always possible. Goodness is a difficulty.
I'm always looking, and I'm always asking questions.
The world doesn't need any more mediocrity or hedged bets.
I can't keep up with Stephen King's output.
You reach deep down and bring up what feels absolutely authentic to you as you move along with the book, but you don't know everything about it. You can't.
We have to become saints. We have to become like Christ. Anything less is simply not enough.
Re-telling the Christian story is the essence of my vocation. That has been going on since the Evangelists in one form or another.
I was obsessed with religious questions, the basics: Why are we here? Why is the world so beautiful?
I read The Old Curiosity Shop before I began Blackwood Farm. I was amazed at the utter madness in that book.
I loved words. I love to sing them and speak them and even now, I must admit, I have fallen into the joy of writing them.
When you make his sandwiches, put a sexy or loving note in his lunch box.
To really ask is to open the door to the whirlwind. The answer may annihilate the question and the questioner.
You can look at the New York Times Bestseller List and you can be pretty sure that the writers on that list don't know each other very well.
What I did was take the Jesus of the Gospels, the Son of God, the Son of the Virgin Mary, and sought to make Him utterly believable, a vital breathing character.
We need to stop fighting Christian against Christian. I have no time for anything but trying to love other people. That is a full-time job.
I know nothing of God or the Devil. I have never seen a vision nor learned a secret that would damn or save my soul.
Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ASK. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds.
