American,Actress
I come from an interracial family: My father is from Nigeria, and so he is African-American, and my mother is American and white, so I rarely see skin color. It's never an issue for me.
I'm proud - or really more thankful than anything - for all the work that I've gotten.
I feel like decades ago it was either you're black, white, Asian or Hispanic, or whatever, but today we see more of an acceptance for people with multi-nationalities.
I want to touch the world through my performances on screen but also off screen.
I relate to both my Caucasian side and my African side, and I love that.
I have always wanted to do something high octane. I've wanted to tackle an action role where I play a tomboy but empower myself as a woman.
You can go as far as you want to go.
I've been introduced to some huge designers that I could never afford. It's really cool.
I'm really good with sweats, not really good with heels, and not really good with accessorizing yet.
I'm not going to have beautiful curves or Kim Kardashian's body. I just have to accept that.
I'm a super tomboy.
'Graceland' getting canceled was definitely a shock and disappointing for all of us. One minute it's this. The next minute it's that.
I was a manicurist in another life.
Being pampered is great, but sometimes I like to do those things myself because it's a little therapeutic and gives me some downtime for myself - and I need that.
My dad's Nigerian, and I remember going to Nigeria, and all of these kids and adults and everyone in-between knew who TuPac was. They had TuPac t-shirts, TuPac posters, TuPac cassettes... everyone knew TuPac, and sometimes that was the only English that they spoke, was TuPac lyrics.
I think Pac is one of those artists that generations on generations know who this guy is, as an artist, as an activist, as an actor - entertainer across the board. I think the new generations of entertainers and artists can be influenced by him just as much as people in the '90s.
To know that someone decades later is still just as impactful as they were when they were alive, we need pioneers like that.
Your legacy makes a difference.
Tupac is huge; he's an inspiration. Arguably, he's probably the biggest, most analyzed and loved artist of all time.
I know stories of Pac, but I was really, really young when he passed. The fact that he was such a thespian, and so passionate about his craft, was shocking to me in a way.
