American,Photographer
I didn't want to let women down. One of the stereotypes I see breaking is the idea of aging and older women not being beautiful.
The camera makes you forget you're there. It's not like you are hiding but you forget, you are just looking so much.
In a portrait, you have room to have a point of view and to be conceptual with a picture. The image may not be literally what's going on, but it's representative.
I've never liked the word 'celebrity.' I like to photograph people who are good at what they do.
You don't have to sort of enhance reality. There is nothing stranger than truth.
I'm more interested in being good than being famous.
Those who want to be serious photographers, you're really going to have to edit your work. You're going to have to understand what you're doing. You're going to have to not just shoot, shoot, shoot. To stop and look at your work is the most important thing you can do.
When I say I want to photograph someone, what it really means is that I'd like to know them. Anyone I know I photograph.
My hope is that we continue to nurture the places that we love, but that we also look outside our immediate worlds.
I fight to take a good photograph every single time.
A thing that you see in my pictures is that I was not afraid to fall in love with these people.
I am impressed with what happens when someone stays in the same place and you took the same picture over and over and it would be different, every single frame.
I fell in love with the darkroom, and that was part of being a photographer at the time. The darkroom was unbelievably sexy. I would spend all night in the darkroom.
I don't think there is anything wrong with white space. I don't think it's a problem to have a blank wall.
My lens of choice was always the 35 mm. It was more environmental. You can't come in closer with the 35 mm.
When you go to take someone's picture, the first thing they say is, what you want me to do? Everyone is very awkward.
In a portrait, you have room to have a point of view. The image may not be literally what's going on, but it's representative.
Lennon was very helpful. What he taught me seems completely obvious: he expected people to treat each other well.
I wish that all of nature's magnificence, the emotion of the land, the living energy of place could be photographed.
It's a heavy weight, the camera. Now we have modern and lightweight, small plastic cameras, but in the '70s they were heavy metal.
I feel a responsibility to my backyard. I want it to be taken care of and protected.
Sometimes I enjoy just photographing the surface because I think it can be as revealing as going to the heart of the matter.
Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy - your work becomes a dance with light and the weather. It takes you to a place within yourself.
I feel very proud of the work from the '80s because it is very bright and colorful.
I still need the camera because it is the only reason anyone is talking to me.
I was scared to do anything in the studio because it felt so claustrophobic. I wanted to be somewhere where things could happen and the subject wasn't just looking back at you.
I admired the work of photographers like Beaton, Penn, and Avedon as much as I respected the grittier photographers such as Robert Frank. But in the same way that I had to find my own way of reportage, I had to find my own form of glamour.
I went to school at the San Francisco Art Institute, thinking I was going to become an art teacher. Within the first six months I was there, I was told that I couldn't be an art teacher unless I became an artist first.
As a young person, and I know it's hard to believe that I was shy, but you could take your camera, and it would take you to places: it was like having a friend, like having someone to go out with and look at the world. I would do things with a camera I wouldn't do normally if I was just by myself.
I'm a huge, huge fan of photography. I have a small photography collection. As soon as I started to make some money, I bought my very first photograph: an Henri Cartier-Bresson. Then I bought a Robert Frank.
I personally made a decision many years ago that I wanted to crawl into portraiture because it had a lot of latitude.
I realized I couldn't be a journalist because I like to take a side, to have an opinion and a point a view; I liked to step across the imaginary boundary of the objective view that the journalist is supposed to have and be involved.
As much as I'm not a journalist, I use journalism. And when you photograph a relationship, it's quite wonderful to let something unfold in front of you.
When I started working for Rolling Stone, I became very interested in journalism and thought maybe that's what I was doing, but it wasn't true. What became important was to have a point of view.
As I get older, the book projects are - liberating is one word, but they really are me.
I went to Yosemite as an homage to Ansel Adams. I could never be Ansel Adams, but to know that's there for us - there's so much for us in this country.
What has stayed true all the way through my work is my composition, I hope, and my sense of color.
