American,Author
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
When I first read the words 'introvert' and 'extrovert' when I was 10, I thought I was both.
The notion of the infinite variety of detail and the multiplicity of forms is a pleasing one; in complexity are the fringes of beauty, and in variety are generosity and exuberance.
According to Inuit culture in Greenland, a person possesses six or seven souls. The souls take the form of tiny people scattered throughout the body.
Write as if you were dying. At the same time, assume you write for an audience consisting solely of terminal patients. That is, after all, the case. What would you begin writing if you knew you would die soon? What could you say to a dying person that would not enrage by its triviality?
You can't test courage cautiously.
The dedicated life is worth living. You must give with your whole heart.
Your work is to keep cranking the flywheel that turns the gears that spin the belt in the engine of belief that keeps you and your desk in midair.
A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time.
The surest sign of age is loneliness.
Eskimo: 'If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?' Priest: 'No, not if you did not know.' Eskimo: 'Then why did you tell me?'
I'm a housewife: I spend far more time on housework than anything else.
'Fecundity' is an ugly word for an ugly subject. It is ugly, at least, in the eggy animal world. I don't think it is for plants.
You are wrong if you think that you can in any way take the vision and tame it to the page. The page is jealous and tyrannical; the page is made of time and matter; the page always wins.
Buddhism notes that it is always a mistake to think your soul can go it alone.
It is ironic that the one thing that all religions recognize as separating us from our creator, our very self-consciousness, is also the one thing that divides us from our fellow creatures. It was a bitter birthday present from evolution.
I would like to learn, or remember, how to live.
There is a muscular energy in sunlight corresponding to the spiritual energy of wind.
Just think: in all the clean, beautiful reaches of the solar system, our planet alone is a blot; our planet alone has death.
I woke in bits, like all children, piecemeal over the years. I discovered myself and the world, and forgot them, and discovered them again.
There is no shortage of good days. It is good lives that are hard to come by.
The painter... does not fit the paints to the world. He most certainly does not fit the world to himself. He fits himself to the paint. The self is the servant who bears the paintbox and its inherited contents.
A writer looking for subjects inquires not after what he loves best, but after what he alone loves at all.
There is no such thing as an artist - only the world, lit or unlit, as the world allows.
Our family was on the lunatic fringe. My mother was always completely irrepressible. My father made crowd noises into a microphone.
Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you.
I never met a man who was shaken by a field of identical blades of grass. An acre of poppies and a forest of spruce boggle no one's mind.
It makes more sense to write one big book - a novel or nonfiction narrative - than to write many stories or essays. Into a long, ambitious project you can fit or pour all you possess and learn.
The sensation of writing a book is the sensation of spinning, blinded by love and daring. It is the sensation of a stunt pilot's turning barrel rolls, or an inchworm's blind rearing from a stem in search of a route. At its worst, it feels like alligator wrestling, at the level of the sentence.
