American,Actor
Acting is the only medium were people think they can just stand up and do it because they can say lines, but that is not so much the case. You have to study styles and techniques.
The choices that we make through our lives, the people who intersect us on our path kind of change what our fated destiny is. So some of us are lucky enough for the choices that we make to keep us on our path.
So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as you're prepared it's going to continue to come your way.
Everybody knows when you've got a role in a Spike Lee movie, you're gonna blow up. But I happen to be the only person who's had the lead in the two Spike Lee movies nobody saw.
I was raised with a sense of entrepreneurship - my father owned a roofing business, and I grew up with the idea that you never want someone telling you what you can and cannot do.
I like movies. Movies have afforded me a modicum of luxuries. The thing about the movies is, if you're bad in a movie, you're bad forever.
I'm a firm believer in people who love what they do.
If everyone invested in the neighborhood they lived in, the United States would be a magical place.
I would love to be a superhero.
I went to school and made good grades and went to college. So I was afforded an opportunity through my parents' hard work that most people don't have.
You never see girls running after engineers.
Instead of becoming an engineer like my brother, I moved to New York to be an actor.
There are a lot of limitations and stigmas that are placed on young actors, specifically young black actors.
Every time I get mad, I grab my hammer and make a bookshelf or something.
I just don't understand how people can get so caught up in having their picture taken.
I'm not Josh Brolin or Ryan Gosling. They're more noir than I.
Money always changes the game, when you let a dollar come between you and your friends, your cohorts.
At Juilliard, I couldn't afford to have fun. I went to school and stayed home.
I got a job as soon as I graduated from school. I always wanted to bartend because I love listening to people and how awful their lives are.
With all the movies I've done, I still get recognized from my episode of 'Law & Order' more than anything else. It never fails.
If the acting don't work out, I'll have a future in construction.
The stage is my first love.
I did this movie with Spike Lee called 'Sucker Free City,' and that would have to be my favorite role by far. It was just so much fun to work with Spike and shoot in San Francisco.
Art-school girls are very nice.
In New Orleans, where I'm from, the average household income, with two working parents, two kids, a dog and a little fence is $16,000 a year, so $15,000 for a movie sounds pretty good.
Do you want to be an actor, or do you want to be a celebrity? I made that decision when I went to Juilliard. I wanted to be an actor. So, if I get the opportunity to be an actor and do some cool, fun and interesting projects, I'm going to do that.
