American,Musician
What I've realized over the years is that I have some pretty good friends.
As a father now, I wouldn't do what my dad did, because it left me feeling emotionally unstable as a kid. But he didn't do the things he did out of selfishness or malice.
We've just learned how to balance ourselves a little better so that we're happier way more of the time than not, and, you know, being happy is a radical and desirable act if you ask me.
Sometimes life's so much cooler when you just don't know any better and all the painful lessons have not hammered your head open yet.
It seems like the chaos of this world is accelerating, but so is the beauty in the consciousness of more and more people.
I think art is inherently nonviolent and it actually occupies your mind with creation rather than destruction.
You know I love pot, and I love beer, but I am totally sober, just because it completely stopped working for me.
I think I'm still figuring out how to be a little less selfish.
I would have to say the person with whom I am most in love is definitely my son, Everly Bear. Although I'm his dad, I'm also his friend.
You know, I like to climb trees and ride bikes and play.
I know whatever my father did, in his own way, he still loved me.
Well, I get excited about music.
In terms of having high hopes that the level of consciousness will get higher and higher, yeah.
Four years into the life of my son, I realize I'm so in love with him and he's so in love with me that if I don't find that lifelong partner out there, it's okay.
I never really thought in terms of the concept of being a rock star - being around people like that just seemed like normal day-in-the-life stuff to me. Those were just the surroundings I grew up in.
The road is not a problem.
I think there is always going to be inspired music and there are always going to be inspired listeners and there is always going to be an inspired method of getting it from A to B.
But then when he left, I realized that it was harder to write songs and feel spiritually connected to art and music as a band. When he came back I felt it again, instantaneously.
My days are whatever I want them to be.
I was a little self-centered gutter punk in the early 1980s and all I wanted to do was diss everybody.
I didn't really get to Led Zeppelin until I was in my 20s.
What doesn't kill you only makes your book longer.
We did that with people like Chris Rock, Woody Harrelson, and the environmentalist Julia Butterfly Hill.
I'm not a true vegan.
Also, we're all actually different blood types and we have one represented by each guy in the band.
We'll have these people hang out with us while we're doing our touring, and talk to them and let them speak their piece to the world.
