American,Actress
My mother wanted to name me Jackie or Jacqueline but she got to name my sister and my brother, so my dad and my brother insisted on naming me. And they were big fans of 'The Little Mermaid.'
I'm pretty smart with boys. I know how to handle them and I know what to do around them.
I've always done pretty well in auditions. I just go in and give it my best shot.
I have two lovely parents who support everything I do, two siblings, and three beautiful nieces. My house is always filled with laughter and fun!
I'd describe my look as girly-edgy. I like black nail polish and eyeliner, but I'll wear them with pink shoes.
I had body insecurities when I was younger. I still do.
I've been working on my own music. I've been writing an album, stuff that's kind of personal to my own life.
If I go on dates, my mom is always with me. She's always there making sure I'm all right. Like if I go to see a movie with a boy, she'll go to dinner next door.
Filming a movie is different from a TV show because film is a lot quicker, you get to see the character progress and grow all in one script, and in television, you wait for a weekly update on each character.
My life has definitely changed since 'Modern Family.' The show has made me more responsible, I really want to be a good role model for all kids so I have to think about what I say and do and how it looks to other kids!
When I am not working, I go to the movies, text my friends, my thumbs are faster than lightening on that keyboard!, write songs, sing, dance, Facebook, Twitter and spend time with my besties. I am also a songwriter and I love to write about my life experiences.
Female empowerment really is important to me. I'm a big nerd of the books from the 15th Century and 16th Century, when the men had all the power and the women had none of it.
With comedy, don't try to be funny. That's really helped me. Just say the lines as you would say them, interact with other characters, and try to make it as real as possible. It will come out funny.
I love when I go on set every day, because the camera people teach me camera terms and grip terms - I learn all these new terms from different people on the set and leave feeling all cool about myself when I go out places.
I'm always practicing lines, researching, trying to be fresh, and fully trying to become the characters I play. That's how I roll.
All I've ever wanted is to be normal.
I want to be the kind of actress where, if I'm in the press, I'm in for the right reasons - for my work. To be in the press about family drama is kind of embarrassing.
