American,Politician
There's nothing more important than our good health - that's our principal capital asset.
The First Amendment freedom of religion is as important today as when the Bill of Rights was first written.
We don't need holy wars. What we need is tolerance and brotherhood and simple humanity.
The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness.
My definition of winning at squash is playing and surviving, and I've never lost a match.
There is no higher value in our society than integrity.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
In our social contract, we have provisions that see to it that you take care of people who need some help.
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.
Effective security measures do not come cheap.
Heart disease continues to be the number one killer; cancer, the number 2 killer, not far behind. The tragic aspect of these deadly diseases is that they could all be cured, I do believe, if we had sufficient funding.
Strong advocacy for education, health care and worker safety will be indispensable if they are to get their fair share of President Bush's austere budget for the next fiscal year.
Well, I believe that when you are confirming a United States Supreme Court Justice, that it really isn't Democratic or Republican; it's American.
I've made a career of being precise.
Separation of power says the judiciary committee is supposed to confirm qualified judges and then what the Supreme Court does, that is their function, not my function.
American credibility in the war on terrorism depends on a strong stand against all terrorist acts, whether committed by foe or friend.
As a matter of traditional and sound constitutional doctrine, an amendment to the Constitution should be the last resort when all other measures have proved inadequate.
I must say I am not pleased to have to arrange the Senate schedule around the availability of Senators who are running for President.
If you are going to have to play defense all the time, you cannot have the kind of ingenuity, assertiveness, independence, and intelligence which is what has made our country strong.
The essence of a democracy is a free electorate.
The fundamental purpose of government is to protect its citizens.
There is no doubt that our nation's security and defeating terrorism trump all other priorities.
Voting is fundamental in our democracy. It has yielded enormous returns.
When the students are occupied, they're not juvenile delinquents. I believe that education is a capital investment.
As I think through the issue of funding the rebuilding of Iraq, I think about the analogy of a bankruptcy proceeding. There is no doubt that Iraq as a country is bankrupt.
We are not utilizing the Iraqi oil for U.S. purposes. We are not asking that the Iraqi oil be used to pay our military expenses. We are asking only that the Iraqi oil be used to rebuild Iraq - that is, to rebuild Iraq for the Iraqi people.
When I'm asked about legacy, I say it's too early to talk about legacy.
I don't like labels. I think they conceal more than they reveal, sort of like a bikini.
Stability means respecting precedents.
I beat a brain tumor.
I do not represent the Republican Party.
My mother, Lillie Specter, was an angel and totally uninterested in politics.
I have been a Republican since 1966.
When I supported the stimulus package, I knew that it would not be popular with the Republican Party.
The American people do not care which Party solves the problems confronting our nation.
Pennsylvania is a very tough state; people don't last long in Pennsylvania politics.
Americans' addiction to sports, with the NFL at the top, is based on the excitement generated by the potential for the unexpected great play which can only happen with honest competition from great athletes.
I really do not make deals.
I think it's scandalous that we haven't done more to cure cancer.
I'm ordinarily pretty correct in what I say.
'Never give in' was my mindset.
I've been playing squash almost daily for 38 years.
The solicitor general is sometimes referred to as the 10th Supreme Court justice - a pretty important position.
Lawyers advocate more so than state their own positions.
Cannibals are devouring senators.
I ran for president in 1996.
If Romney wants to make me responsible for ObamaCare, I've said I would be proud to be responsible for it.
I think my independence was a big help to getting Judges Roberts and Alito confirmed, and I think that's recognized.
I knew people were going to see me see deteriorate before their eyes.
I do come from a strong family.
I'm a loyal Democrat.
It's a rarity when someone takes a political risk in Washington today in the public interest.
Big money is ruining the political system.
The extremists took over the primary process.
If enough people would come out the right wing, the extremists couldn't dominate.
It costs about $27 million to win a seat in the United States Senate, so when you win one, you like to sit down.
Beating the tea party gang is more important than who does the beating.
Look, the president can discharge all 93 U.S. attorneys for no reason at all, but not for a bad reason.
