American,Actor
I almost got kicked out of eighth grade for selling 'Playboy.'
I grew up in the Cayman Islands. I didn't play video games or watch TV. I would basically come home from school, throw down my backpack, grab my machete, and go hike and chop down trees to make a fort.
I feel fortunate. I've really gotten to work with amazing talented people, and to learn from them, which is why I'm doing this. If I can work with the best director I'm going to do it.
I'd rather enjoy meals, order bottles of red wine and eat creme brulee at the end of dinner. Then, when they call you for a photo shoot, you just go, 'Okay, time to hit the treadmill.'
I like that, in the mornings, I can wake up, take my dog, and go grab coffee and a bagel, then bring back a box to my wife. I like that. I don't want anything else or need anything. I have a great wife and a great life.
There were two auditions for 'The Social Network,' one with Aaron Sorkin and one with David Fincher. I was a nervous wreck. I was like, 'Okay, how do I hold the paper without my hands making it shake?'
I think a primal role of a man in a relationship is to protect his woman.
My very first kiss happened when I was 6, underneath some desks during 'nap time', but my first real kiss happened when I was 15 in the parking lot at a Mexican food restaurant.
Just because it sparkles doesn't mean it's good.
I need it to survive. But most specifically, McDonalds Big Mac's and McDoubles (with no pickles).
Not sure of my place in the world (still up for debate) and not sure what I wanted to do with my life (not really up for debate).
My wife comes from a foodie family so I've been indoctrinated into that. I had sweetbreads the other night, and I have to say, not my favorite thing in the world You're eating a gland.
I couldn't be more blessed.
Yeah, I mean I've definitely had a bunch of action scripts sent to me, but again I'm a stickler for directors. If it's like an action flick with a great director then it's like 'Oh let's look at this thing,' but if it's just like a shoot-em'-up with a first time director. I don't know if that's the trajectory I want to take with what I'm doing.
I'm half Jewish, but no one believes me because my looks lean a little WASP-y... It's sometimes hard for me to get the roles I'm drawn to.
As a fluke, my great-grandfather hit one of the largest oil reserves in California.
My great-great-grandfather Julius founded the Communist Party in New York.
I love art. I used to have a painting of Gorbachev that was given to my family by Gorbachev.
I have about as much control over how I look as the guy who's short and looks more like a character actor - we both have the same drive to be actors and we both have the same drive to assume these different characters, it's just harder for me to get the chance because they look at me and say, 'Oh, he's this type,' and they stamp me.
It's something that I think I'm going to have to fight against for most of my career, for people to take me seriously as an actor as opposed to a good-looking guy. It's not what I want to be known as.
The Internet is an actor's best friend.
I never grew up reading or fantasizing about fairy tales. I was always too busy, like, outside being a kid.
There are two 'Snow White' movies coming out for the same reason that you remember back in the day there was 'Armageddon' and then 'Deep Impact.' You know, 'Andromeda Strain' and then 'Outbreak.' Like, all of those things. It's common because basically studios have no imagination in making the decisions.
I was always Armie. There couldn't be a 90-year-old Armand and a 9-day-old one. And I heard enough jokes about baking soda.
I don't think I should tell you what to do, nor should the government. As long as you enjoy your own personal liberties and don't infringe on the liberties of others, I don't care.
I mean I would still love to be in Mel Brooks' movies; he's great.
