American,Playwright
Can anyone remember love? It's like trying to summon up the smell of roses in a cellar. You might see a rose, but never the perfume.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
Betrayal is the only truth that sticks.
Let you look sometimes for the goodness in me, and judge me not.
The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge; once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.
I think it's a mistake to ever look for hope outside of one's self.
The theater is so endlessly fascinating because it's so accidental. It's so much like life.
Don't be seduced into thinking that that which does not make a profit is without value.
The problem was to sustain at any cost the feeling you had in the theater that you were watching a real person, yes, but an intense condensation of his experience, not simply a realistic series of episodes.
Man must shape his tools lest they shape him.
Without alienation, there can be no politics.
The closer a man approaches tragedy the more intense is his concentration of emotion upon the fixed point of his commitment, which is to say the closer he approaches what in life we call fanaticism.
Never fight fair with a stranger, boy. You'll never get out of the jungle that way.
A good newspaper, I suppose, is a nation talking to itself.
If I have any justification for having lived it's simply, I'm nothing but faults, failures and so on, but I have tried to make a good pair of shoes. There's some value in that.
You specialize in something until one day you find it is specializing in you.
I cannot sleep for dreaming; I cannot dream but I wake and walk about the house as though I'd find you coming through some door.
Where choice begins, Paradise ends, innocence ends, for what is Paradise but the absence of any need to choose this action?
He's not the finest character that ever lived. But he's a human being, and a terrible thing is happening to him. So attention must be paid.
A suicide kills two people, Maggie, that's what it's for!
Well, all the plays that I was trying to write were plays that would grab an audience by the throat and not release them, rather than presenting an emotion which you could observe and walk away from.
All we are is a lot of talking nitrogen.
What is the most innocent place in any country? Is it not the insane asylum? These people drift through life truly innocent, unable to see into themselves at all.
I'm the end of the line; absurd and appalling as it may seem, serious New York theater has died in my lifetime.
I love her too, but our neuroses just don't match.
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
