American,Actor
Vulnerability is the essence of romance. It's the art of being uncalculated, the willingness to look foolish, the courage to say, 'This is me, and I'm interested in you enough to show you my flaws with the hope that you may embrace me for all that I am but, more important, all that I am not.'
Modeling is the best because you have to look hot, which comes easy to me, you know. I'm blessed with that.
The scruffier your beard, the sharper you need to dress.
I'm continually trying to make choices that put me against my own comfort zone. As long as you're uncomfortable, it means you're growing.
Always roll up the sleeves on your shirt. It gives the impression that you're working, even if you're not.
Your best T-shirt should be like your bed; it just feels like you are home when you are in it.
I think privacy is valuable. You don't have to share everything, and it's healthy to occasionally hit the pause button and ask yourself if you're oversharing. But at the end of the day, if you're not doing anything wrong, you don't have anything to hide.
I would say probably my most alpha quality is my competitive nature. I'm very competitive, and it tends to bring out very much the man in me.
We're all living in a casino. It's just Vegas. Everything is on camera. Everything is being recorded. Everything is on audio. The truth is we all have access to everybody else's information.
Life can be a lot broader... when you realize one simple thing: And that is that everything around us that we call life was made up by people who were no smarter than you. And you can build your own life that other people can live in. So build a life. Don't live one. Build one. Find your opportunity, and always be sexy.
There's something advantageous about having people underestimate your intellect, insomuch as a lot of things are revealed to you. They assume you don't know what you're talking about, then all of a sudden, you do. And the next thing you know, you have information you wouldn't normally have.
I don't buy these rag magazines that feed off of stolen, you know, press. They're basically stealing someone's image in order to make money for themselves... They wait at the end of my street in their cars. Every time I exit my home, I have company.
I really think that you have to find a partner that compliments you and is somebody that pushes you and is better at some things than you are, so they can push you to improve yourself as a person.
I woke up many mornings not knowing what I'd done the night before. I'm amazed I'm not dead.
I wouldn't say you have an online life and a real life. I think technology is just mapping and organizing what already exists.
A lot of the characters I play are very naive, and I don't think I'm like that. And I'm not stupid!
The sexiest thing in the entire world is being really smart. And being thoughtful. And being generous. Everything else is crap!
I think people know Steve Jobs the showman. I think people know the guy who stood up and gave the keynotes. The magician. The salesman.
The power of a handwritten letter is greater than ever. It's personal and deliberate and means more than an e-mail or text ever will. It has a unique scent. It requires deciphering. But, most important, it's flawed.
I don't believe that old cliche that good things come to those who wait. I think good things come to those who want something so bad they can't sit still.
Steve Jobs had something like a 90% approval rating from his employees. You hear stories about him being this short-tempered, aggressive person, which he was. But he was in the pursuit of making people around him better, so the product they created would be better.
Ultimately there's a dirty secret about the Internet, which is nothing disappears. All these companies have all your information. They have your search history.
Opportunity looks a lot like hard work.
The sexiest thing in the entire world is being really smart. And being thoughtful and being generous. Everything else is crap. I promise you. It's just crap that people try to sell to you to make you feel like less. So don't buy it. Be smart. Be thoughtful and be generous.
I think about the automobile, I think about like, when I was a kid, you know, the invention of the answering machine, which I was like, 'Wow.' Or call waiting, which was, like, very big. It was a very big thing. Call waiting was a very big thing. And these incremental innovations happen constantly.
I can't grow a mustache. It's pretty sad if I attempt to.
I don't have to act for work anymore; I can act for passion. That's freeing, but it's also a prison of its own. When you can do anything you want, you're really responsible to do something great. And that's scary.
People used to behave morally because they thought God was always watching - in some ways God today is the collective, and the collective is watching.
For me, the most entertaining evening would be to go sit with entrepreneurs and talk with them about how they're building their companies and how we can help to make them better. That's the one thing in the world - well, I love doing that.
My mom's whole side of the family, they're all Packers fans. My mom's a Bears fan. My stepdad is a Vikings guy. So that gets ugly. My mom sits upstairs watching the Bears game; he sits in the basement. They can't watch it together. Football's a violent anger in our family dynamic.
True luxury is being able to own your time - to be able to take a walk, sit on your porch, read the paper, not take the call, not be compelled by obligation.
I certainly don't think I'm deserving of taking up space forever as a human. There's a whole generation of people yet to be born that are going to be so much more evolved than I am. I don't want to take up space. They're going to be better equipped to make the world a better place than I am.
We all have that desire for something special, something committed. We all want to be The One.
Women have a level of outward compassion that a lot of men don't necessarily have. Guys feel as deeply as women, but they don't share it as much.
The reality is that we communicate with every part of our being, and there are times when we must use it all. When someone needs us, he or she needs all of us. There's no text that can replace a loving touch when someone we love is hurting.
You know, I think that romance sort of coincides with effort, so you can fall flat on your face, but as long as you're making a great effort, I think it comes off as romantic.
You know, photo conversations are replacing verbal conversations. I don't know if that's a bad thing. A photo is worth a thousand words.
I think that when we start thought-policing people and idea-policing people, then that's crossing a line. And I think, you know, everybody's so afraid of this imaginary line of thought police that they forget their own personal safety.
I trust my government. I actually have a trust for my government with my data, and I trust them to protect me. They've protected me - they've made the best efforts to protect me my whole life.
There was a point in time where I was doing movies to be able to afford to live in a certain way.
I didn't really go the starving-artist route. I kind of went and did massive, commercial things.
I've learned the hard way how valuable privacy is. And I've learned that there are a lot of things in your life that really benefit from being private. And relationships are one of them.
I would say I'm 90 percent collaborative in everything I do, and 10 percent of the time I just make the call.
I think I probably think about myself as an actor, which is the way most people do. I think I'm good, I don't think I'm great. I think I would hire somebody else to play me in the movie about me.
It's hard to appreciate success in modeling, because it's not something you feel like you've earned, so there is a little bit of bread of shame that comes with that. It's like somebody giving you a puzzle that's already put together.
I've already exceeded my expectations for myself. I'm one of the most influential people! I mean come on! I wanted to be... I never thought the things I've experienced in my life, I didn't think that was the life that I was gonna get to live.
I really think that you have to find a partner that compliments you and is somebody that pushes you and is better at some things than you are, so they can push you to improve yourself as a person. That's my take.
If you really want to make a relationship work, at some point in time, you're going to have to make some sacrifices and do some things that are a little bit uncomfortable.
I fail frequently - I just try to keep it quiet.
I wouldn't say I'm personally trying to transition from comedy into drama. I don't look at things like, 'Oh, I need to do a drama now.' I get a lot of material sent to me, and if I feel like something has the creative integrity and the right director and the right whoever involved, the right actors and is a great story, then I do it.
I try to make good decisions as decisions come up.
The failures that we have are sometimes expensive educations.
What I've become good at is bringing things that aren't necessarily mainstream to the mainstream.
As marriage goes, I think most people sort of set being - you know getting married as the goal as opposed to being married.
I think at all social networks, be it Facebook or Twitter or whatever it is, there's an ecosystem that exist there. But there's also an ego system that exists there.
I definitely believe that if you stop working at relationships, they go away.
There's no sense in making life seem like it's a struggle, because that doesn't make anybody feel better.
I didn't come from the worst of situations, and I didn't come into the best of situations. But I've appreciated the best situations. And I've made the best of the worst situations. I'm lucky to be where I am.
The truth is that I'm an idiot. I am. I don't do things by the rules sometimes. I say things that I probably shouldn't say. I push buttons. I deserve to be made fun of. And I feel like, as soon as you can make fun of something, it instantly removes the fear.
Don't settle for what life gives you; make life better and build something.
I could never be with a woman who felt like she needed to change me.
I would just like a woman someday, somewhere, at some point in my life to say to me, 'You're a great listener.' Haven't heard it yet, and that's a superior compliment to get from a woman. But I'm going to work on it.
I never thought in my life, I never really thought I would get married. I watched my parents go through a divorce, and I thought, like, this is just not something people are supposed to do.
I've had some really, really wild fun nights in Vegas. I ended up on stage once with this band, The Digital Underground, doing the Humpty Dance.
I really think that technology has the greatest potential to accelerate happiness of most things in the world. The companies that will ultimately do well are the companies that chase happiness. If you find a way to help people find love, or health or friendship, the dollar will chase that.
I don't read the magazines that make things up about people. I know what the truth is. I don't sort of indulge in my own fodder. I don't really care what they write about me.
I live my life like anybody else, and people choose to write about mine. And what they write I can't control - when they write lies at least - because the laws can't really protect you unless you can prove malicious intent. So I just choose not to read it.
There are a lot of perks that come with fame, and with every positive there's a negative, and then it all kind of balances out.
Entertainment, really, is a dying industry.
Romance is sort of an island right next to care. When you care about someone and you listen to them and you hear them and you can feel them and you know just what's right, and generally it's something that will be very unimpressive to a room of strangers.
I'm very tech-forward. However, I also think hitting the pause button is not a bad thing, and really connecting with people one-to-one viscerally, having a connection with someone, is really important.
I don't think I'm a funny person in general. I have had to learn comedy.
Americans think that they have a history, but it's nothing compared to Europe.
I say whatever I think and whatever is on my mind, and I just hope that it comes out good. I just try to have a lot of fun.
Everyone loved Steve Jobs and the idea of Steve Jobs. Like a lot of people, I loved a man I never knew.
When your wife calls, you have to take it, no matter what you're doing.
I feel like a fraud... My name is not even actually Ashton. Ashton is my middle name.
I believe that opportunity looks a lot like hard work.
When you build characters from the outside in, they become, oftentimes they become like 'Saturday Night Live' characters or they become like caricatures of the character.
When you do movies, it's you have a 3-month family and then everybody goes away and then joins another family, you know?
After 'Punk'd,' my company Katalyst did a deal with AOL to produce short-form content for the Web. At that time it was a different game. If you got front-page coverage on any popular website, you could probably get a push.
Be careful with the man jewelry. A little goes a long way.
Whether it's being a leading man, making TV shows, being with my family, I've learned a lot.
I'm not a follower of this or that religious leader. More wars are started because of religious leaders, and people are following and they don't know why... That is religiosity. That is what turns people into robots.
I think Ryan Gosling is a really great actor who's meticulous about his work. And I'd love to have the guts that Johnny Depp has to actually go outside the box on a character. When he plays a character, he plays it in a way that nobody else would.
When I was on the '70s Show,' I had that and I had 'Punk'd' and I had my own production company. That pretty much sealed up all my time.
I actually used to be a front for the largest national sports-betting syndicate in America.
I could never be with a woman who felt like she needs to change me.
Seriously, women have a level of outward compassion that a lot of men don't necessarily have. Guys feel as deeply as women, but they don't share it as much. Learning how to do that more has been a valuable add.
I think that romance sort of coincides with effort, so you can fall flat on your face, but as long as you're making a great effort, I think it comes off as romantic. So it can be something as simple as, like, if you're someone who doesn't cook, you can make a meal.
Whether you like it or not, the digital age has produced a new format for modern romance, and natural selection may be favoring the quick-thumbed quip peddler over the confident, ice-breaking alpha male.
There's no text that can replace a loving touch when someone we love is hurting.
We haven't lost romance in the digital age, but we may be neglecting it. In doing so, antiquated art forms are taking on new importance. The power of a handwritten letter is greater than ever. It's personal and deliberate and means more than an e-mail or text ever will.
Everybody likes to hold up a really big righteous sword when people make mistakes. Well guess what, now it's recorded and everyone has access to it... so let's stop judging people.
I've usually found that the greatest rewards in my life come from taking on things that are a little bit scary.
Steve Jobs was a pretty complicated character and somewhat a psychologically complicated guy.
I think that the way that Steve Jobs sought after love was to create products that people loved. And when people loved his products, in turn they - he felt like they loved him.
If Facebook gets your entire social graph, you don't necessarily want to share everything with your entire social graph. You might wanna parse that social graph. So there's a company called PASS that is a private social network that I personally use for my friends and my family.
I have someone that cooks for me... that's the best thing ever. I just want to show up and I want my house to be like a hotel... so I want to have a couple of options... I like to have a couple of options.
What I've become good at is bringing things that aren't necessarily mainstream to the mainstream. What I did see on Twitter was a potential for mass publication; it's a mainstream consumer broadcasting device. It transforms customers and companies. You have to be transparent or you fail.
One of the things I've become immune to is people talking about market cap and social media platforms.
One of the things about being on Twitter, for me, is mostly about just being on the pulse of what people are interested in, what people are doing and what people are looking for. I look at entertainment projects and storytelling, and I really try to think about what people want.
I like a high boot on a girl.
I learned what a Birkin bag is from the price tag. You'll never forget what it is once you've paid for one.
Katalyst is a merger of three industries. A piece of us is connected to ad agencies. Because we get the complex overlay of the social Web, we know how to engage an audience and how to make entertainment for the social Web. And we know how to gain and activate and retain an audience. So we create social networks for brands.
Your shoes have to match your belt. That's rule number one for guys. You can't put the brown shoes with the black belt. Or a brown belt with a black wristwatch. Just don't do it! Also, I don't like boots with suits. And when you wear sneakers, make sure they go with your shirt.
I wanted to be a genetic engineer. That was my goal in college. I wanted to figure out what the codon sequence was that causes replication in a cardio myopathic virus. That was my goal.
I guess I really haven't thought much about winning an Oscar, but if I had the opportunity, I'm sure I would like it.
I was on Facebook. I was on MySpace. And somebody said to me, You should check out this thing called Twitter. I knew five people that were on it, so I started following those people and seeing what they were doing, and then I applied my own sensibility to it. The more that I shared, the more people started following me.
I'm very awkward when I have time off. I don't know what to do with myself. It's weird not to work.
My goal is to embrace the people, the 'natural resources' of Israel, and to build businesses with the creative Israelis.
The film industry brings people together, and so does technology. I see them as similar platforms.
