American,Athlete
You have setbacks in your life, and adversity. You can be discouraged about it or have courage to get through it and be better.
You've got to invest your own time, invest your own resources into creating a better world, not only for yourself but for the people you surround yourself with.
I'm a villain. But hey, villains have fans, too. They might have more fans than the heroes, and I'm OK with that.
Granted, everybody is different, but I think it's real important to know all the people that you are around, and how they operate their history, and things like that. You know where they are coming from a little bit, and you don't insult them, or take something for granted.
I hold myself to a very high standard. But you're going to make mistakes. You've got to erase it and move forward.
Once you get into the NFL, it doesn't matter what draft pick you are, what round you are, if you're undrafted or not. It's football time again. The draft, all of that doesn't matter anymore.
Preparation starts after the game before.
All I'm trying to do is be me.
I'm not trying to get in good graces of anybody. I just want to be myself and be the guy that helps out in the community, because that's who I am.
It's everything to me. This is my life. I love football so much.
I've played this game since I was in second grade, and there's nothing more important to me than playing football.
I'm a normal person. You say something about me, I'm going to say something back, funny or not. I'm just going to be me. It's nothing against them. I'm just doing what you do to me.
You troll me, I'm going to troll you.
My thing of not playing offensive tackle is the health issue. I don't want to be that big. That could end up not being good for your health.
Being 300-some pounds is not always healthy. You can say what you want about it, I don't want to do it.
I'm really blessed to have an amazing family.
It's one-of-a-kind, because some people would die to have the family I do.
I kind of knew. I said, 'Yeah, I'm not going to be able to play in the NBA. That's just not going to happen. Let that dream go.'
I think guys that play basketball really understand how to go up and get a ball. Because in a rebound situation, you've got to go up and fight for a ball. Just boxing out. There are a lot of things that transfer.
Being able to play basketball at a high level, adjusting to the ball in the air, quick feet, quick hands and all that stuff definitely translates to playing tight end in the National Football League.
Foot work, hand-eye coordination. There's a lot of things. If you just watch basketball, you can tell where it would help someone who's receiving the ball.
I love my coaches. Coaches love me.
Sometimes I get emotional. I let my emotions get the best of me.
I really have a love and passion for football. I enjoy basketball, but it's not something I love. You have to let things go that are not for you.
There's a lot of people in this world, and it's important to learn about them.
I'm a player, the coaches coach.
I want to play defense. I want to get sacks.
I want to be a dominant pass rusher. I think I can do that with my body type and my work ethic.
I think I just need more time to refine my skills, and I can be a dominant pass rusher.
I'm going to take full advantage of my opportunities.
I don't want to try to sell myself or portray something that I'm not.
I'm me: I'm a fun, easy-going guy that likes to work hard, who's very driven and determined.
Quite frankly, I just want to be playing at the highest level of football. That's the most important thing to me.
I don't really care where I go because wherever I go, they're going to get a very talented, driven guy that's going to get every inch of his potential out, max everything I have in my body out.
I have to hold up my end of the bargain and do what's expected of me.
When you lose things like football, which is the game I love - and this is the most important thing in my life - it really puts everything in perspective.
I've split out, played receiver, I've been a fullback, I've been in-line.
Ever since I was growing up, I knew I was going to play in the NFL. I never thought anything else.
Texas is a great program. The respect they gave me was amazing.
I want to be great at everything. I want to be the best at everything.
My dad showed me a football and would throw it up and have my dog - a German Shepherd - chase me around when I went after the ball. I caught it because I was scared of that dog. The next year, my dad talked to the commissioner of a local league and convinced him to let me play as a first grader with third graders.
When I get out on the field, it's all about football. I love football.
