American,Actress
I love to act because I love trying on other people's skin.
When I was little, I was a voracious reader, and that really led me to acting as well. I loved being transported into someone else's life, and that's what reading provided me. I also really love to entertain people.
I am terrified of submarines.
I like playing smart women very, very much because I definitely learn from them.
I relate to Nora's transformation in Henrik Ibsen's 'A Doll's House,' and I also relate to both sisters' journeys in John Madden's film 'Proof.'
Wil Wheaton, Patrick Stewart and Jonathan Frakes were all the early formidable crushes of my girlhood.
I love food and am very good at improvising when preparing it - it's a really creative experience for me.
I love to simplify and edit the contents of just about anything, but women's closets hold particular appeal to me. I edit mine about four times a year and hold a yearly 'clothing swap' to encourage my girlfriends to do the same.
I would love to do more films. I really like the whole process of doing that. I like how close you become to everybody.
Oh my gosh, I would love to guest star on 'Entourage.'
I'm such a dog person. I dunno, I just feel like it really enriches your life, to have something to care for.
Conflict is always fun to play.
After 'Entourage,' it completely opened up my casting within the industry. People saw me for a lot of roles that I hadn't been seen for before. Older roles. I went out this pilot season for a lot of lawyers and doctors. And cops - which I haven't quite mastered yet; I find that quite difficult.
I would love to do a big-budget movie musical - I feel like there is one big musical movie a year. And I'm always there at the theater to see them - I love them.
I think a lot of actors, we underprepare emotionally for how intense pilot season can be. And we underprepare the people around us, our support system. So when it starts taking up more time than you expect it to, we feel guilty.
You're not going to get every part, so you can't base your sense of self-worth around whether or not you actually land the job.
I gain a lot of confidence through study.
I've been acting since I was 7, and I always knew it was what I wanted to go into.
I like to play strong women.
Whatever you want your child to learn, you have to model that every day. There's no more waiting around. Once you have a child, there's no dress rehearsal anymore.
I love being a mom - I really do! I didn't realize how much I would love it!
I've gone up to a random guy in a grocery store before and said, 'Hi, I think you're cute. Are you single?' I'm not smooth. I just put it out there.
