American,Musician
Sometimes your friends are your lovers, or have been at one time.
I like Nine Inch Nails, and I like hip-hop.
Regarding social media, I really don't understand what appears to be the general population's lack of concern over privacy issues in publicizing their entire lives on the Internet for others to see to such an extent... but hey it's them, not me, so whatever.
We have a saying in Guns N' Roses: 'When somebody's gonna get yelled at, they're gonna get the corn.'
I write the vocals last, because I wanted to invent the music first and push the music to the level that I had to compete against it.
I really liked the Seattle movement.
I like to be real private; you don't always want everyone around you - even when they like you.
I go to movies, go out with friends, go to car shows. I have a zoo.
I sing in five or six different voices that are all part of me. It's not contrived.
I could beat my mike stand into the stage, but I was still in pain. Maybe fans liked it, but sometimes people forget you're a person and they're more into the entertainment value. It's taken a long time to turn that around and give a strong show without it being a kamikaze show.
'Appetite for Destruction' was the only thing written with lyrics and melody fitting the guitar parts at the same time. After that, I got a barrage of guitar songs that I was supposed to put words to, and I don't know if that was the best thing for Guns.
I try to be respectful about getting an honor or recognition, but I don't really know what the Rock Hall actually is. In my experience with the people who run it, I don't see it having to do with anything other than them making money.
There was a much more self-destructive nature in 'Appetite.' It was a going-for-it-at-all-cost thing that worked then.
In general, I usually don't really go by or live my life by a clock, and outside of touring, I don't really ask anyone else to. It's not out of lack of respect for anyone or intentional.
I'm in California, and that usually leans Democratic, and that's usually where I lean anyway... I would lean Democrat; I would lean Obama.
Mick Jagger is one of the greatest athletes who ever lived, just for how much he puts into it onstage.
