American,Psychologist
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.
A person who has been punished is not less inclined to behave in a given way; at best, he learns how to avoid punishment.
The ideal of behaviorism is to eliminate coercion: to apply controls by changing the environment in such a way as to reinforce the kind of behavior that benefits everyone.
We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading.
The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount.
When you run into something interesting, drop everything else and study it.
The consequences of an act affect the probability of its occurring again.
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
Give me a child and I'll shape him into anything.
Must we wait for selection to solve the problems of overpopulation, exhaustion of resources, pollution of the environment and a nuclear holocaust, or can we take explicit steps to make our future more secure? In the latter case, must we not transcend selection?
Properly used, positive reinforcement is extremely powerful.
If you insist that individual rights are the summum bonum, then the whole structure of society falls down.
The environment shapes people's actions.
Even the mundane task of washing dishes by hand is an example of the small tasks and personal activities that once filled people's daily lives with a sense of achievement.
If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.
The environment will continue to deteriorate until pollution practices are abandoned.
I did not direct my life. I didn't design it. I never made decisions. Things always came up and made them for me. That's what life is.
Behavior used to be reinforced by great deprivation; if people weren't hungry, they wouldn't work. Now we are committed to feeding people whether they work or not. Nor is money as great a reinforcer as it once was. People no longer work for punitive reasons, yet our culture offers no new satisfactions.
The feeling of being interested can act as a kind of neurological signal, directing us to fruitful areas of inquiry.
Religions work for their own aggrandizement - strengthen the church and so on - and they use reinforcers of one kind or another to get obedience and so on from their communicants.
I won't say that I'm an agnostic, since agnosticism maintains that one cannot know... but I'm not averse to the idea of some intelligence or some organizing force that set up the initial conditions of the universe in such a way that ultimately generated stars, planets and life.
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless.
No theory changes what it is a theory about; man remains what he has always been.
The people who control the condition in which we live have no reason to think beyond more than the next five or 10 years.
I have to tell people that they are not responsible for their behavior. They're not creating it; they're not initiating anything. It's all found somewhere else. That's an awful lot to relinquish.
