American,Athlete
Everyone in society should be a role model, not only for their own self-respect, but for respect from others.
I like to be against the odds.
I'm a very private person. My life story isn't for everybody.
I never stop looking for things to try and make myself better.
It's called talent. I just have it. I can't explain it. You either have it or you don't.
Making the Hall of Fame, would it be something that's gratifying because of what I've sacrificed? Sure. Baseball has been a big part of our lives. We've sacrificed our bodies. It's the way we made our living.
I'm not afraid to be lonely at the top.
It's not the name that makes the player. It's the player.
I don't know what my future is.
I was born to hit a baseball. I can hit a baseball.
My career is an open book, but my life is not.
I don't know what you guys say, but at home, life is way different from baseball.
Baseball is just my job.
I think some of the pressure comes from the expectations of other people. Like if your father played baseball, they expect you to be the big lifesaver or something when you play a sport.
When I finish playing, I think I'd like to coach college baseball.
I'd like to help educate kids about the Major Leagues - what to anticipate, what to expect, what they'll need to do to prepare themselves.
I don't want to be a Major League coach.
Young players need to know how to take care of themselves for life after baseball.
Every pitcher can beat you, it doesn't matter how good you are.
But to be the best, you must face the best. And to overcome your fear, you must deal with the best.
I think everyone needs to be a role model, period.
I have a chef who makes sure that I'm getting the right amounts of carbs, proteins and fats throughout the day to keep me at my max performance level.
There is nothing better than walking out and hitting a home run.
Those boos really motivate me to make something happen.
I want to be part of Major League Baseball's Hall of Fame, but I don't want to be part of the kind of Hall of Fame that's based on voters' beliefs and assumptions.
I could learn how to press 'Record' on a tape recorder and write for a newspaper or a magazine.
