American,Politician
We must maximize our efforts to counter violent extremism, radicalization and recruitment in the United States and stop using xenophobia and ethnic stereotyping.
Any successful nominee should possess both the temperament to interpret the law and the wisdom to do so fairly. The next Supreme Court Justice should have a record of protecting individual rights and a strong willingness to put aside any political agenda.
Even President Bush has cited the need to outlaw the practice of corporations making loans to their officers. Strangely enough, when the President was a corporate officer, he took out several loans from the company.
History suggests that attempts to privatize Medicare by relying on private companies to offer Medicare benefits in rural America simply will not work.
I believe that if corporate America expects consumer confidence to be restored, they must first be honest with us.
If you talk to the Whites in Mississippi they will tell you, 'You can go to any school you want to; we don't see race.' Biggest lie ever told.
Medicare debates in Congress should result in better Medicare benefits for all our nation's seniors. We're not asking for special treatment for rural America, just a fair deal.
Medicare provided guaranteed equal coverage, something that the private sector could not.
Rather than squander the surplus on tax breaks for the rich, we should add a prescription drug benefit to the Medicare program, shore up Social Security, fortify our defense, provide a quality public education and offer economic assistance to rural areas.
Sending our young men and women into battle is perhaps the most serious course of action a Nation can undertake.
At home I have hunting magazines on my nightstand. I'm an avid hunter. I hunt every chance I get.
I've never really read any books about Washington, neither the politics nor the city.
Americans have almost been conditioned to believe that the majority of people who seek to do us harm are those of Muslim descent.
While I agree that homegrown terrorism and the jihadist threat deserve continuing attention, a single-minded approach ignores all other threats.
Today's terrorists do not share a particular ethnic, educational or socioeconomic background.
I think people tend to apply where they think the greatest opportunities lie.
