American,Actor
There's no success story. Everybody's got a ghetto story. You always want to make it bigger than what it is.
If I can tell someone a story that makes them bend over and laugh, that's bigger than anything else.
Only way you can you get upset is when you expecting something.
I love my daughter, but there's a certain feeling, a certain emotion when you got a granddaughter, you know?
I'm so black, I leave fingerprints on coal.
Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it.
When I get a chance to play golf or go on a boat with good people, take the boat out and put some lobsters on the grill, get the ice-cold beer and the cigars - that's heaven here on earth.
I have Glocks, .45s, Berettas, Remingtons. I like the marksmanship and the discipline that it takes to be a gun owner. I like the machinery. Being able to take it out and clean it is even more fascinating than having the gun.
My comedy comes from pain. I can't stand to see someone hurting.
You don't see me in Los Angeles a lot. I go back home. Because I can't play the game. I can't - my tolerance - I know I'm getting old; I'll be 50 this year. And you know how I know I'm getting old? 'Cause my tolerance level is low.
As I got older, I got into all kinds of things in the streets - but for some reason, I never got caught up with the gangs growing up. Everybody dug me, man. I never had problems.
You know, every time it comes, every time that light comes on or every time that camera comes on, every time that microphone comes on, the Mac Man seek and destroy.
You know you poor when you eatin' breakfast food late. You fryin' toast? At nine o'clock at night? With bacon? You're broke.
That's the whole key to anything: Don't be afraid to fail. And Bernie Mac is not afraid to fail.
I was born October 5, 1957, on the South Side of Chicago, in the Woodlawn area, a neighborhood that hasn't changed much in forty-five years. Our house was on 66th and Blackstone, but the city tore it down when the rats took over.
I'm not a star, and I don't want to be a star. Stars fall. I'm an ordinary guy with an extraordinary job.
I learned hard lessons in life; I had to because I had so much happen: My mother died my sophomore year in high school. The next year, same day, my brother dropped dead. Two years after that, I got married because my girlfriend got pregnant. The year after my wedding, my father - who I had only recently met - died.
I'm looking for laughs, you know? If it take me to flip over a table, if I have to go physical comedy, I will do it. But whatever the joke needs at that particular time, is where I'm dedicated to. I'm not into beating somebody down and beating myself up. I don't do insults and things like that. I don't do it - I'm a storyteller.
My humor had changed from foolishness to making sense.
I don't ever watch myself. By watching, you try to perfect yourself, become a robot.
I'm funny. I'm a comedian. I'm not a clown.
I always wanted to scuba dive. I used to scuba dive undercover like black Aquaman.
I get facials. I get a manicure and pedicure every week. I get my hair cut, and I oil myself down from head to toe. I got that from my brother. I was so impressed with how high maintenance he was. When he left the room, you could still smell him for an hour.
I'm an ordinary guy with an extraordinary job.
Jerry Weintraub, the producer, might be a pain in the ass, but he really knows how to treat his actors.
Every time you see a black romance, it's over-the-top. There always has to be extreme hostility between the sexes. He has to cheat. She has to show him how independently strong she is, not just as a woman but as a black woman.
I was a street performer for two years.
Comedy has been so good to me.
I came from a place where there wasn't a lot of joy.
The one thing about comedy, making it become a part of you, the audience loves it, because you become part of them.
We're so politically correct; we take things so seriously.
When I go onstage, I want to relieve your mind, your pressures.
I can't build myself by beating somebody down.
I want to speak directly to the audience, to say, 'I'm like you - I'm frustrated, I'm not an expert, I don't have a manual on parenting, I make mistakes, I'm selfish too.'
I've been in training for stardom.
Bernie Mac is talented!
Bernie Mac is happy.
Bernie Mac is relentless. That's one thing I like about him. He's not PC. He doesn't care what you think. He's going out there to please that audience.
I was good at keeping my mother from crying.
I ain't running for office. I ain't running for nothing.
The two sides of Bernie - that's a quiet weapon that I have.
When you're offstage, that's the footprint. That's the man God's gonna judge.
I love who I am. I love what I've become.
I don't think the people wanna see me play Clyde Johnson the architect.
Black audiences are hard. They always think they're better than you. So you got to come with a little extra to satisfy them.
Why do people love Richard Pryor so much? 'Cause he had problems.
My daughter was a beautiful child.
I've never been no superficial cat.
My girlfriend Rhonda, who's now my wife, I graduated from high school, she got pregnant. My grandfather said, 'You've got to do the right thing.'
I know doing movies is where I need to be. That's where my audience wants to see me.
I can act. I've been acting for a long time, but like anything else, don't nobody owe you nothing. You've go to pay your dues. You go from A to Z; you don't go from M to Z.
I want to play a villain - I can't wait to play a villain.
It's a pleasure to work with someone who is just as strong as you are.
I came up in the community center. I used to be physical director of the South Central Community Center in Chicago on 83rd. It's still there. It used to be around there when I was a kid.
My grandmother always told me how you start is how you finish.
Stand-up is what I am; stand-up is what made me.
Fear is not one of my attributes.
My family are police officers, detectives. My brother Mitch is FBI. Mitch is like that - a stern enforcer.
I have so much respect for what's funny.
You can't be a doctor if you don't know the entire parts of the body.
