American,Businesswoman
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.
I have the most beautiful daughter in the world and I'm grateful for her.
Let's be clear, I'm a strong woman.
You cannot show people only the petals and not the thorns. It's not fair to them.
I like to look nice, but I'm not marketing being beautiful.
I'm always in my pajamas, unless I know for a fact that people are taking my picture.
Frankly, I don't trust any diet that doesn't allow sugar.
I can't just only be on reality TV and show everything when it's the fairy princess, fairytale, and then not take my hits when I have to.
In many ways, being pregnant and working were more difficult than motherhood.
Exercise is like an old friend: You may not be able to see that friend all the time, but you're not mad when you see them, you're happy, and you get right back into it.
My recipes aren't geared towards women; my books are marketed towards women because women are the biggest market for weight loss, weight management and weight maintenance and for cooking.
All I ever wanted to do was be able to pay my rent.
I never had a true childhood.
I truly don't believe in regret.
Faith, culture, structure and guidance are good things.
Life is hopefully long, so I don't know what the future will bring.
I despise shopping and department stores.
I don't believe in diets.
My books have helped a lot of men to lose weight.
Never eat while doing something else, because you won't get the satisfaction from your food and you'll be more likely to overeat.
Truthfully, my life is always lunacy.
I can't work without my family being with me.
Being with my family is my highest priority.
Love is everywhere.
Until you become a woman you don't know the things that come with being a woman.
I've often thought if I didn't make my marriage work, I would have failed at my one true shot at happiness.
Life is stressful.
I don't think it's good to constantly talk about your own weight and the fact that you look fat in jeans.
I admire people like Warren Buffett that are donating so much money to charity.
My biggest 'don't' from the past? Picking my face!
Depriving yourself will, ironically enough, lead to rebelling and weight gain.
