American,Author
I have to have a daily, vibrant relationship with Jesus in order to survive that process toward healing.
God wants us to believe Him to be huge, even if we don't know what to believe Him for in a particular situation and circumstance. I can believe God to be God, to come and show Himself mighty and merciful in that situation, even if I don't really know biblically what I'm to ask Him for.
I don't know what kind of courage it took thousands of years ago, but I know how courageous women need to be today.
God's good. He can just pull a life out of a pit, can't He?
I believe that children are, by nature, very forgiving. I don't think children expect their parents to be perfect. I think they demand that their parents be real.
What I thought as a young adult is you act like you have it together whether or not you do because that is what church people do. That is not what God has called us to do.
I am convinced now that virtually every destructive behavior and addiction I battled off and on for years was rooted in my (well-earned) insecurity.
My very addictive personality and all sorts of strongholds are a thing of the past for me. Yet at the root of every single one of those issues was insecurity, something I had battled since childhood.
I try as hard as I know how to keep my reader relating on a broad level so I don't lead her someplace where she thinks that's the only thing that could cause insecurity.
I didn't have a fireworks moment for my salvation. I had a falling in love with Jesus in Sunday school when I was a very young child.
As God took me through the journey that became the Bible study 'Breaking Free', He taught me to look for a common denominator among the things that triggered my destructive habits.
Sometimes you have to shove all the surface stuff to the side in order to see what's underneath.
To possess dignity is to be worthy of respect. Worthy of high esteem. Absorb this: you are worthy of respect.
I want women to love Jesus! That is what I would give every single thing I have for, every earthly good I've got. That is the greatest desire of my heart.
The Word of God is so much broader than people are giving it credit for. Look at Proverbs, a book written on how to live.
