American,Coach
Look, coaching is about human interaction and trying to know your players. Any coach would tell you that. I'm no different.
You don't get any medal for trying something, you get medals for results.
I think confrontation is healthy, because it clears the air very quickly.
Even when you're successful, even when you win the game, about an hour after the game, you have a litany of things that you now deal with that are problematic... So the times that you are happy are minute compared to the time that you're dealing with problems.
If you've ever won a championship, then that's all you're interested in doing.
I've been around enough to know what it takes to get a team to reach its potential, and I want players who want to reach their potential.
I like linebackers. I collect 'em. You can't have too many good ones.
Something goes wrong, I yell at them -'Fix it'- whether it's their fault or not. You can only really yell at the players you trust.
When you don't know that you don't know, it's a lot different than when you do know that you don't know.
So if the players trust the coach, it's not a problem. If the players don't trust the coach, it is a problem, and vice versa.
Usually older players, late in the season, start to get cold.
I don't have to make examples out of players to establish my own place. I don't feel like I have to.
When Super Bowl time comes around, I get jealous.
I have a lot of great friends in football. The game was great to me. And I've been able to do other things in television and enjoy that, meeting those people.
No matter how much you've won, no matter how many games, no matter how many championships, no matter how many Super Bowls, you're not winning now, so you stink.
I just try to do the best job I possibly can - put the blinders on, go to work and be the best you can possibly be. Once you have done everything that you possibly can - you've put forth your greatest effort - then I can live with whatever's next.
If you have fun, fine. It's not all life and death.
Success is never final, but failure can be.
There are two things in New York, euphoria and disaster.
I have a house in Saratoga Springs.
I'm not really in the excuse business.
I am demanding.
If I have affected someone in a positive way, that means a lot to me.
I was fighting every windmill, especially when I was in college.
If you're sensitive, you will have a hard time with me.
When I was a young coach, there were people like Chuck Noll, Chuck Knox and Tom Landry who were there for me.
I'll call somebody 'dumb' or 'stupid' if they make a dumb or stupid play. I don't know any other word for it, and if they don't like the word, that's too bad.
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's a quarterback who thinks playing quarterback is just about passing.
I don't think, I don't intend to make people miserable. I am demanding.
If you got anything to you at all as an athlete and a competitor, you don't care what the circumstances are. You still got competition.
The fans, with all due respect, they don't affect the decisions I would make as a coach.
I've had a long standing relationship with Gatorade, and they've been very, very good to me. And I believe in their products; I really do.
I just coach the way I was coached when I was young, in my formative years. I grew up under demanding people, that demanded things from you, expected you to toe the mark.
I love football; I enjoy it. That's why I've been in this game as many years as I have. I still like it. I get excited about it.
You as an individual coach have a responsibility to try to give those players who put themselves at risk and in harm's way a chance to achieve success, and that goes for universities and professional teams, as well.
