American,Politician
Imagine having all of your freedoms taken away, being forced to work against your will, and constantly living under the threat of violence - in short, being forced to live as a slave. Sadly, this situation is a reality for millions of children, women, and men each year as part of the global human trafficking industry.
On Memorial Day, we remember the service of those brave military men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice defending and protecting our freedoms.
We still have a First Amendment that protects your business and free speech.
For years, Iran has worked to position itself to dominate the entire Middle East and to impose its version of radical Islam on society. It is actively working to destabilize Yemen, Lebanon, Iraq and Syria.
I believe in term limits. I believe the country would be hugely better off if we had more turnover in Congress.
I will term-limit myself probably before I would have enough seniority to get a committee chairmanship.
The mission statement of the RSC is to foster a constitutionally bound limited government, it's to have a strong national defense, it's to protect private property rights and it's to support American values. That's what the mission statement is. There's nothing in the mission statement about trying to hold leadership accountable.
You won't find any volatile quotes out in the press where I've run the team down publicly.
The single best indicator of whether or not a child is going to be in poverty or not is whether or not they were raised by a two-parent household or a single parent household.
Iran continues to explicitly threaten to destroy the state of Israel, America's most important ally in the region. Its leaders continue to shout, 'Death to America.' If Iran wants to be a part of the world community, it should renounce such statements.
A lot of small towns in Texas have only volunteer fire departments. And even though they're called volunteer fire departments, they are usually very professional and have great training and usually have good equipment.
Healthy marriages are the ones between a man and a woman because they can have a healthy family, and they can raise children in a way that's best for their future, not only socially but psychologically, economically, from a health perspective.
I fully recognize we need to improve the path to citizenship, just as we need to value the hard work of folks who become American citizens legally.
All the issues that have come up under the Obama administration would be continued under Hillary Clinton.
Medical care is one of the only sectors in which Americans are asked to make significant, long-term decisions without knowing the exact price of those decisions up front. Americans deserve to make informed decisions about their medical options.
By fostering competition, leveling the playing field, and increasing transparency, we can bring America's health care sector into the 21st century.
With Obamacare's fate in jeopardy, Democrats have no solutions to solve the mess they forced upon Americans.
The lack of portability and competition has long been a problem in America's insurance market, yet Obamacare took no significant steps to open up the market between state lines.
The Obama administration's proposed nuclear deal with Iran endangers the security of our nation and our allies.
Any agreement with Iran should have strong verification and enforcement safeguards to prevent future cheating.
Under many current state laws, minors who have been victims of trafficking are charged as criminals and go to juvenile detention as offenders.
From the depths of the Pacific to the deserts of Iraq, more than a million American soldiers, Airmen, midshipmen, and Marines have laid down their lives for their friends, their families and our nation.
Going forward, we must continue the fight to change the direction of our country.
America's history is exemplified in the efforts of the men and women who died for our country. The one thing that they all have in common is their selfless love for our nation and their courage to stand up to protect and defend it. They raised their gaze in the face of conflict, believed in what America could be, and pushed forward.
I think what we need to do is to have an immigration system where legal immigration is easier.
If we build the legal immigration system better, then they come here, and we'll have a whole lot less illegal immigration.
By trying to advance the perfect conservative solution, nobody wins.
I think the comments about me being a shill for leadership are beyond the pale.
My gut tells me that the Supreme Court will rule the subsidies to be illegal, and therefore, Obamacare will fail.
I haven't done things publicly to hurt conservatives.
I have disagreements with leadership, I have disagreements with the speaker, but I have those one-on-one.
If they're committed to the mission statement of the RSC, they're going to be happy with me as their chair. If they're committed to another vision, then they may not be happy with me.
The good thing about Cruz is we know who he is today, and we'll know exactly who he'll be in the White House.
We don't know who Donald Trump is.
We do have our challenges. Some things don't always work right in Washington, and the anger you see from the electorate, I think, is a reflection of what's not working right.
We're facing an enemy today in the Islamic State that knows no national boundaries. It doesn't have a moral code of conduct.
Obama is not Bill Clinton. I don't think he's willing to let conservatives have any victories at all.
All of those loan programs that the federal government administers have flaws.
My family came from Spain in 1725, and if people want to consider me Hispanic, they can, but I didn't advertise that way, and I'm an American first.
Our family is fortunate to have a well-documented history in a book titled 'The Flores Family - 1725 to 1963' by James F. Padgett.
I will never support amnesty legislation because it will not work.
I think we can create an environment where America can kind of get back on its economic feet.
I think it's long overdue, and I believed that Doris Miller should have been honored a long time ago.
It is my plan to lead the RSC as a member-driven organization which puts forth positions developed through member participation and dialogue consistent with the RSC's mission and the U.S. Constitution.
It is important that we take full advantage of the RSC's size, character and the passion of its members to advance our conservative agenda in order to restore America to the 'shining city on a hill' that Ronald Reagan envisioned.
If our goal is to provide health care to our veterans, why does it need to be in the bricks and mortar of bureaucracy of the VA? Why can't you give them an insurance card and let them go to a health care provider of their choice?
When you look at all of the conservative groups in town and across the country, we all agree on the same things. Where we sometimes get into a disagreement is over the tactics to get to the endpoint.
My goal is to be the tough negotiator but... not to air differences through press releases.
It's better to negotiate behind closed doors than it is to be out throwing rocks at one another in the public square.
It is indefensible that IRS Commissioner Koskinen has not been held accountable for failing to meet his legal obligations. This is exactly what the American people are tired of when they say that our government is on the wrong track.
The ability of Texas Republicans to be effective in Congress is based on having at least 218 Republicans in the House.
If you read the Senate rules, there are provisions where the Senate parliamentarian can be overridden.
Concealed handgun licenses contain all of the identifying information required by the TSA. It is time they recognize these licenses as acceptable forms of identification.
The Nondiscriminatory Transportation Screening Act provides a commonsense approach for the TSA to update its policies on permissible verifying documents.
The requirements to obtain a concealed license are similar and often times stricter than that of obtaining a standard ID card.
I apologize to those of you I offended for coming out against the Ex-Im Bank. I'm not changing my mind on it, but I just wanted to let you know I apologize for that.
Rule of law has prevailed over Obama's unconstitutional executive overreach.
I don't have all the answers, so my goal is to make sure that the 180-some odd members of the RSC each have a seat at the table where we can talk about their vision.
I don't think 'nothing' is a good option.
We've made it crystal clear to the American people what we're against. We need to talk about a couple of other things - what are we for?
I think we, the Republicans, have been mistyped as unfriendly to minorities and not receptive to minority views.
We feel that the Republican platform presents the best opportunity for the success of minority families. All minority groups seek the same opportunities in the United States that the settlers from Europe did when they came over.
I don't need to air any differences of opinion in public.
