American,Educator
Climate change is happening, humans are causing it, and I think this is perhaps the most serious environmental issue facing us.
Science is the key to our future, and if you don't believe in science, then you're holding everybody back.
Evolution is the fundamental idea in all of life science - in all of biology.
When we see the shadow on our images, are we seeing the time 11 minutes ago on Mars? Or are we seeing the time on Mars as observed from Earth now? It's like time travel problems in science fiction. When is now; when was then?
As you may know, I am a mechanical engineer.
The information you get from social media is not a substitute for academic discipline at all.
Everybody who's a physician, who makes vaccines, who wants to find the cure for cancer. Everybody who wants to do any medical good for humankind got the passion for that before he or she was 10.
Science is the best idea humans have ever had. The more people who embrace that idea, the better.
If you want grown-ups to recycle, just tell their kids the importance of recycling, and they'll be all over it.
Humor is everywhere in that there's irony in just about anything a human does.
My father was a very good Boy Scout. He was very skilled with knots, and he showed me how to tie a bow tie.
NASA is an engine of innovation and inspiration as well as the world's premier space exploration agency, and we are well served by politicians working to keep it that way, instead of turning it into a mere jobs program, or worse, cutting its budget.
If the Earth gets hit by an asteroid, it's game over. It's control-alt-delete for civilization.
Science rules!
I've got no problem with anybody's religion. But if you go claiming the Earth is only 10,000 years old, that's just wrong.
There is good evidence that Venus once had liquid water and a much thinner atmosphere, similar to Earth billions of years ago. But today the surface of Venus is dry as a bone, hot enough to melt lead, there are clouds of sulfuric acid that reach a hundred miles high and the air is so thick it's like being 900 meters deep in the ocean.
Burning carbon-based substances like oil, gas, and especially coal, produces billions of tons of extra carbon dioxide each year. Methane gas from cows and pigs and other animals on our large farms ends up in the atmosphere as well, trapping more of the sun's energy as heat.
There's nothing I believe in more strongly than getting young people interested in science and engineering, for a better tomorrow, for all humankind.
The more you find out about the world, the more opportunities there are to laugh at it.
If NASA is to reach beyond the Moon and someday reach Mars, it must be relieved of the burden of launching people and cargo to low earth orbit. To do that, we must invest more in commercial spaceflight.
But investment in space stimulates society, it stimulates it economically, it stimulates it intellectually, and it gives us all passion.
If you're an adult and you choose not to believe in science, fine, but please don't prevent your children from learning about it and letting them draw their own conclusions.
We talk about the Internet. That comes from science. Weather forecasting. That comes from science. The main idea in all of biology is evolution. To not teach it to our young people is wrong.
I hope climate science becomes the big thing. And then what I want is electrical engineers to solve the world's energy problems, energy distribution problems. I want mechanical engineers to make better transportation systems. I want chemical engineers to develop better solar panels, and so on.
I used to play ultimate Frisbee, and I just got a reputation for making popcorn at parties. I don't mean to brag on myself, but I make the popcorn in the pot, and it comes out fine every time.
I like to regard myself as someone who's capable of critical thought, that is to say, who can evaluate claims.
As a kid at the World's Fair in 1965, I missed seeing the big global population clock roll over from 2,999,999,999 to 3 billion - I was really disappointed.
