American,Activist
Kill all the rich people. Break up their cars and apartments. Bring the revolution home, kill your parents, that's where it's really at.
Every revolution seems impossible at the beginning, and after it happens, it was inevitable.
I have an addiction to caffeine.
Imperialism or globalization - I don't have to care what it's called to hate it.
It's amazing where the paranoid mind can take you.
I think I am a radical. I have never deviated from that. By radical, I mean someone trying to go to the root of things.
I would say for the young: Don't be straight jacketed by ideology. Don't be driven by a structure of ideas.
I wish I had been wiser. I wish I had been more effective, I wish I'd been more unifying, I wish I'd been more principled.
I didn't kill innocent people.
I didn't respond to people thrusting microphones at me and asking me questions that were unanswerable in a sound bite.
Teaching has always been, for me, linked to issues of social justice. I've never considered it a neutral or passive profession.
I don't regret setting bombs.
I was a child of privilege and I woke up to a world on fire.
Two thousand people a day were being murdered in Vietnam in a terrorist war, an official terrorist war.
We should open our eyes, see what's in front of us, and act.
Large numbers of people are broken from the notion that the system is working for people, that the system is just or humane or peaceful.
I find some unity with Ron Paul.
Nixon probably was a nice guy.
Terrorists destroy randomly.
I was arrested in 1965 for opposing the war in Vietnam. There were 39 of us arrested that day. But thousands opposed us. And the majority of the people in the country supported the war then.
Nothing is more boring than some old person going on and on about the way things used to be.
Chicago '68 was a relatively small demonstration for its time, but I've talked to millions of people who claim they were there because it felt like we were all there. Everyone from our generation was there and was at Woodstock.
I voted for Obama and I was delighted that he's been elected.
I haven't been silent. I teach, I lecture at universities, I write, I'm not silent.
Beginning to dismantle the Pentagon would save $1 trillion a year - a small government proposal if ever there was one.
I knew Barack Obama, absolutely. And I knew him probably as well as thousands of other Chicagoans.
