American,Clergyman
The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith.
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone.
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
I think that the Bible teaches that homosexuality is a sin, but the Bible also teaches that pride is a sin, jealousy is a sin, and hate is a sin, evil thoughts are a sin. So I don't think that homosexuality should be chosen as the overwhelming sin that we are doing today.
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.
God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Once you've lost your privacy, you realize you've lost an extremely valuable thing.
The word 'romance,' according to the dictionary, means excitement, adventure, and something extremely real. Romance should last a lifetime.
The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.'
God has given us two hands - one to receive with and the other to give with. We are not cisterns made for hoarding; we are channels made for sharing.
When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost.
Scripture is filled with examples of men and women whom God used late in life, often with great impact - men and women who refused to use old age as an excuse to ignore what God wanted them to do.
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
No matter how prepared you think you are for the death of a loved one, it still comes as a shock, and it still hurts very deeply.
I'm not an analyzer. I've got a son that analyzes everything and everybody. But I don't analyze people.
I used to read five psalms every day - that teaches me how to get along with God. Then I read a chapter of Proverbs every day and that teaches me how to get along with my fellow man.
Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength.
The highest form of worship is the worship of unselfish Christian service. The greatest form of praise is the sound of consecrated feet seeking out the lost and helpless.
The only time my prayers are never answered is on the golf course.
Make sure of your commitment to Jesus Christ, and seek to follow Him every day. Don't be swayed by the false values and goals of this world, but put Christ and His will first in everything you do.
God will prepare everything for our perfect happiness in heaven, and if it takes my dog being there, I believe he'll be there.
It seems the only way to gain attention today is to organize a march and protest something.
The wonderful news is that our Lord is a God of mercy, and He responds to repentance.
Each generation faces different issues and challenges, but our standard must always be measured by God's word.
Racism and injustice and violence sweep our world, bringing a tragic harvest of heartache and death.
The thing that alarms me is that there are so many clergymen who say that the so-called 'new morality' is all right. They say we're living in a new generation; let's be relevant, let's change God's law. Let's say that adultery is all right under certain circumstances; fornication's all right under certain circumstances. If it's 'meaningful.'
If we had more hell in the pulpit, we would have less hell in the pew.
We are not cisterns made for hoarding, we are channels made for sharing.
Man has two great spiritual needs. One is for forgiveness. The other is for goodness.
I can barely walk, but it's a privilege to be able to move at all.
As I got older, I guess I became more mellow and more forgiving and more loving.
There are a lot of groups that feel a little bit strange around me, because I am inclusive.
Only the supernatural love of God through changed lives can solve the problems that we face in our world.
'Hope and change' has become a cliche in our nation, and it is daunting to think that any American could hope for change from what God has blessed.
As I approached my 95th birthday, I was burdened to write a book that addressed the epidemic of 'easy believism.' There is a mindset today that if people believe in God and do good works, they are going to Heaven.
Death wasn't part of God's original plan for humanity, and the Bible calls death an enemy - the last enemy to be destroyed.
I think where political issues invade moral situations, spiritual leaders have to speak out.
Every day is a gift from God, no matter how old we are.
Only those who want everything done for them are bored.
The great question of our time is, 'Will we be motivated by materialistic philosophy or by spiritual power?'
Everybody has a little bit of Watergate in him.
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.
The framers of our Constitution meant we were to have freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.
I just want to lobby for God.
Every President I think I've ever known, except Truman, has thought they didn't quite get done what they wanted done. And toward the end of their Administrations, they were disappointed and wished they had done some things differently.
Only God who made us can touch us and change us and save us from ourselves.
Evangelism is when the Gospel, which is good news, is preached or presented to all people.
Every human being is under construction from conception to death.
If God doesn't punish America, He'll have to apologize to Sodom and Gomorrah.
Racial prejudice, anti-Semitism, or hatred of anyone with different beliefs has no place in the human mind or heart.
I believe the home and marriage is the foundation of our society and must be protected.
Every year during their High Holy Days, the Jewish community reminds us all of our need for repentance and forgiveness.
Old age may have its limitations and challenges, but in spite of them, our latter years can be some of the most rewarding and fulfilling of our lives.
There's a great deal to say in the Bible about the signs we're to watch for, and when these signs all converge at one place we can be sure that we're close to the end of the age.
Those outside the church expect followers of Christ to live differently, yet today many in church are chasing after the world - not to win them, but to be like them.
I don't need a successor, only willing hands to accept the torch for a new generation.
Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.
The second coming of Christ will be so revolutionary that it will change every aspect of life on this planet. Disease will be eliminated. Death will be abolished. War will be eradicated. Nature will be transformed.
Self-centered indulgence, pride and a lack of shame over sin are now emblems of the American lifestyle.
There is nothing wrong with men possessing riches. The wrong comes when riches possess men.
There are two great forces, God's force of good and the devil's force of evil, and I believe Satan is alive and he is working, and he is working harder than ever, and we have many mysteries that we don't understand.
The most eloquent prayer is the prayer through hands that heal and bless.
I'm going to Heaven just like the thief on the cross who said in that last moment: 'Lord, remember me.'
The human heart is the same the world over.
We go on in our pleasures thinking they're going to last forever.
Many churches of all persuasions are hiring research agencies to poll neighborhoods, asking what kind of church they prefer. Then the local churches design themselves to fit the desires of the people. True faith in God that demands selflessness is being replaced by trendy religion that serves the selfish.
A real Christian is a person who can give his pet parrot to the town gossip.
All my life I've been taught how to die, but no one ever taught me how to grow old.
Throughout my ministry, I have sought to build bridges between Jews and Christians.
As a former resident with strong personal and ministry ties to the North Star State, I pray that the good people of Minnesota will show their support for God's definition of marriage, between a man and a woman.
Even the securest financial plan and the finest health coverage aren't enough to hold us steady when the challenges come... We need something more, something deeper and unshakeable, something that will see us through life's hard times.
Some people spend their lives building ultimate dream homes so they can enjoy their twilight years... Others spend their last days in nursing homes.
When I was young, I could not imagine being old. My mother said, and the doctor confirmed, that I had an unusual amount of energy; and it followed me into young adulthood.
The older I get, the more important the eternal becomes to me personally.
A calling is you feel - you look out and see the need - maybe it's the need for the poor, to help poor people. Maybe it's the need to get involved in the race problem, as Martin Luther King was - felt called.
I don't think the government should be in the trailer-park business. I don't think they know how to run a trailer park.
Regardless of what society says, we can't go on much longer in the sea of immorality without judgment coming.
Evangelicals can't be closely identified with any particular party or person. We have to stand in the middle, to preach to all the people, right and left.
Communism is a religion that is inspired, directed and motivated by the Devil himself who has declared war against Almighty God.
Success is always dangerous, and we need to be alert and avoid becoming the victims of our own success. Will we influence the world for Christ, or will the world influence us?
Man is not born to atheism. He is born to believe.
I am amazed at the wonders of technology and am grateful for the ways in which we are able to use it to share the Gospel around the world.
My father had a dairy farm. He employed three black families and one white family, and I used to play with black children.
Even Hubble hasn't found yet the end of this universe, and we don't know that it has any end.
Let me ask you a question: If you never ate a balanced diet, what would happen to your body? You know the answer: Eventually you'd grow weak; you might even open yourself to serious illness or disease. We all need a balanced diet if we are to stay healthy.
The New Testament says nothing of Apostles who retired and took it easy.
The Bible is full of warnings about false prophets and false messiahs. These satanically inspired people have appeared in almost every generation of history.
I think it is a sin to look at another person as inferior to yourself because of race or because of ethnic background, and I think the greatest thing to do is to pray that God will give you love for them, and I do.
God knows what we are going through when we grieve, and He wants to assure us of His love and concern. He also wants us to turn to Him and bring our heartaches and burdens to Him.
Christians should never fail to sense the operation of an angelic glory. It forever eclipses the world of demonic powers, as the sun does a candle's light.
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.
The men who followed Him were unique in their generation. They turned the world upside down because their hearts had been turned right side up. The world has never been the same.
God's angels often protect his servants from potential enemies.
You're born. You suffer. You die. Fortunately, there's a loophole.
Give me five minutes with a person's checkbook, and I will tell you where their heart is.
Only God Himself fully appreciates the influence of a Christian mother in the molding of character in her children.
I haven't been faithful to my own advice in the past. I will in the future.
I have the problems of, I must confess, old age.
If you'd have said Evangelical in 1957, most people wouldn't know what you were talking about. And then, they'd be against it.
I think that if I would talk on a political subject, if I talk about it, it would divide the audience on that issue. That's not my issue.
I don't think there is a single social issue I haven't spoken on.
There are many things that I don't understand.
A lot of Jews are great friends of mine.
The Bible is clear - God's definition of marriage is between a man and a woman.
I believe that I have received Jesus Christ into my heart. I believe that he has covered all of my sins.
I don't think I get angry.
I'm thankful for the incredible advances in medicine that have taken place during my lifetime. I almost certainly wouldn't still be here if it weren't for them.
Over the years I've seen people lose a spouse and then withdraw and lose interest in life, and I believe we need to resist that.
When anyone has the power to destroy the whole human race in a matter of hours, it becomes a moral issue. The church must speak out.
The time has come for all evangelists to practice full financial disclosure. The world is watching how we walk and how we talk. We must have the highest standards of morality, ethics and integrity if we are to continue to have influence.
I've spent too much time giving speeches, traveling the world.
I am just one of many thousands called to be an evangelist.
Communism has decided against God, against Christ, against the Bible, and against all religion.
I don't have many sad days.
People have a negative impression of New York that I don't think is quite fair.
I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face.
I can't prove it scientifically, that there's a God, but I believe.
We're a diverse society, and I think the TV is doing a great job in showing that we're all human beings, that we can all get along, that we can all be together, and I think that's a marvelous thing.
I'm not focused on the gay and lesbian movement.
I am not a televangelist.
Only when Christ comes again will the little white children of Alabama walk hand in hand with little black children.
Sincere Christians can disagree about the details of Scripture and theology - absolutely.
I don't think the Christian Right dominates America in the way some in the media believe they do.
Rose Adams is a wonderful Christian woman who cared for my mother, Morrow Coffey Graham, in her last years of life.
Growing old has been the greatest surprise of my life.
I first met Bev Shea while in Chicago when he was on Moody Radio. As a young man starting my ministry, I asked Bev if he would join me. He said yes, and for over 60 years we had the privilege of ministering together across the country and around the world.
Oral Roberts was a man of God and a great friend in ministry. I loved him as a brother.
It was a privilege to pray with Governor Romney - for his family and our country.
I've been praying that we might have a spiritual awakening. But I think that becomes possible as individuals surrender their lives fresh and anew to Christ.
I have never changed my message. I preach the Bible, and I preach it with authority.
I don't eat with beautiful women alone.
I found that this Parkinson's does slow you down, whether you want to slow down or not.
Don't be misled by those who claim God doesn't exist, because He does.
Christ was God in human flesh, and He proved it by rising from the dead.
I don't have to see a murder in order to condemn murder.
I still enjoy watching a batter successfully cross home plate, but nothing thrills me more than seeing the Holy Spirit at work in hearts as the Gospel is carried into stadiums, across the airwaves, and around the world.
Old is authentic. Old is genuine. Old is valuable.
There have been times that I've wept as I've gone from city to city and I've seen how far people have wandered from God.
I want to tell people about the meaning of the cross.
Seemingly, man has learned to live without God, preoccupied and indifferent toward Him and concerned only about material security and pleasure.
There is no scriptural basis for segregation.
My heart aches for America and its deceived people.
When Christians say God has been talking to them about something, it simply means they have a strong inner conviction or feeling that God has made His will known to them.
Politics has always been ugly to me, and yet I accept that as a fact of life.
I think Pat Robertson is a terrific fellow.
Don't get old, if you can avoid it.
I wish I had been home more when the children were growing up. I missed a lot.
Almost everybody will listen to you when you tell your own story.
I'm grateful for the opportunities God gave me to minister to people in high places; people in power have spiritual and personal needs like everyone else, and often they have no one to talk to.
I have discovered that just because we grow weaker physically as we age, it doesn't mean that we must grow weaker spiritually.
We have an idea that we Americans are God's chosen people, that God loves us more than any other people, and that we are God's blessed. I tell you that God doesn't love us any more than He does the Russians.
The one badge of Christian discipleship is not orthodoxy but love.
Christians are not limited to any church.
Everywhere I go I find that people... both leaders and individuals... are asking one basic question, 'Is there any hope for the future?' My answer is the same, 'Yes, through Jesus Christ.'
I have never talked publicly or privately about the Jewish people, including conversations with President Nixon, except in the most positive terms.
New York is definitely ready for the word of God.
It is well known that the Soviet Union closely regulates all organizations and movements, including religion.
I am well aware that there are prisoners of conscience in the Soviet Union, including some who have said they have chosen to resist the law because of religious reasons.
Freedom is relative.
For those of you who do not know Him, choosing your eternal home is the most important decision you will ever make.
No one can outrun death. It will catch up to all of us eventually.
To start with, I love New York... It's a little bit of the whole world... In New York, the whole world comes to you.
When I reached 80, my world turned upside down physically. I've had a lot of physical problems.
My wife is already in Heaven.
Christmas means a great deal to me. I was reared in a family that celebrated Christmas to some extent, but I married into a family that celebrated Christmas in a big way. And my wife always made a big thing of Christmas for the children. We have five children, and we had a terrific time at Christmas.
I spoke to a million in one service, in Korea, in Seoul. And that was the largest audience I ever have had.
Spend more time in study and prayer. That's the secret of successful evangelism.
I was reared in the church, in the Presbyterian Church.
I never hold a grudge.
Traveling around the world and preaching for over 70 years did not give much time for reflection.
Occasionally I've seen children become heavy-handed and insensitive when dealing with their aging parents, and it only caused resentment and hard feelings.
Whenever I counsel someone who feels called to be an evangelist, I always urge them to guard their time and not feel like they have to do everything.
The Information Highway intrigues me because I have always been a newshound; I have always been curious about why people believe what they believe.
While I have never learned to use a computer, I am surrounded by family and friends who carry information to me from blogs, Facebook, Twitter, and various websites.
I think television has had a vast, unbelievable impact on us.
I think we've taken the meaning of Christmas out. People don't stop and think about Jesus or the birth of Jesus. When they think of Christmas, they think of Santa Claus and - for the children, and they think of giving gifts and out-giving the next person of spending their time looking for the right thing for somebody who has everything.
My wife has about everything I can think of.
I believe that the greatest form of prayer is praise to God.
I'm grateful for the evangelical resurgence we've seen across the world in the last half-century or so. It truly has been God's doing.
I fell and broke my pelvic bone in three places. So, I'm still sort of an invalid now.
Locally, I'll vote one way and nationally, maybe another.
My family is very good about visiting me, and other friends as well.
One of the things I miss most is that I can no longer read, due to age-related macular degeneration. I get regular injections for this, and thankfully these seem to have arrested its progress, but it's still very difficult for me to read. That means it is hard for me to pick up my Bible and read it like I used to, and I miss that very much.
The Bible says that as Christians we don't grieve the same way people do who have no hope of eternity and of Heaven - but we still grieve.
The Oklahoma City bombing was simple technology, horribly used. The problem is not technology. The problem is the person or persons using it.
Many churches today have special programs for people who are grieving, and these can be very helpful.
I haven't written my own epitaph, and I'm not sure I should. Whatever it is, I hope it will be simple, and that it will point people not to me, but to the One I served.
God never meant that people were to wear clothes. He meant we were to be nude. But we were in a state of innocence. Then sin came into the human race and became a blood poisoning.
Certainly a woman should never disguise the fact that she is a woman. A woman's body is very beautiful.
I think about my own sons and my own daughters, and I'm sure that many parents are concerned about what their children are exposed to.
