American,Comedian
Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'
Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.
We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities.
I think capital punishment works great. Every killer you kill never kills again.
To me a real patriot is like a real friend. Who's your real friend? It's the person who tells you the truth. That's who my real friends are. So, you know, I think as far as our country goes, we need more people who will do that.
Curious people are interesting people; I wonder why that is.
Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease.
If you think you have it tough, read history books.
If you belonged to a political party or a social club that was tied to as much bigotry, misogyny, homophobia, violence, and sheer ignorance as religion is, you'd resign in protest.
It's all been satirized for your protection.
We are a nation that is unenlightened because of religion. I do believe that. I think religion stops people from thinking. I think it justified crazies.
We need more people speaking out. This country is not overrun with rebels and free thinkers. It's overrun with sheep and conformists.
Religion is dangerous because it allows human beings who don't have all the answers to think that they do.
I think flying planes into a building was a faith-based initiative. I think religion is a neurological disorder.
The jury could get the case as early as next week, but the defense says they just want to introduce one last-minute load of crap.
We have been the cowards lobbing cruise missiles from 2,000 miles away. That's cowardly. Staying in the airplane when it hits the building, say what you want about it, it's not cowardly.
Religion, to me, is a bureaucracy between man and God that I don't need.
Let's face it; God has a big ego problem. Why do we always have to worship him?
What Democratic congressmen do to their women staffers, Republican congressmen do to the country.
The tea baggers. The one thing they hate is when you call them racist. The other thing they hate is black people. But they won't say it.
Men are only as loyal as their options.
Let's make a law that gay people can have birthdays, but straight people get more cake - you know, to send the right message to kids.
The country has become much more conservative, partly because it's been taken over by the religious right.
The Bible looks like it started out as a game of Mad Libs.
Hi, I'm Bill. I'm a birth survivor.
I don't want my president to be a TV star. You don't have to be on television every minute of every day - you're the president, not a rerun of 'Law & Order'. TV stars are too worried bout being popular and too concerned about being renewed.
