American,Politician
The fourth amendment specifically was designed to prohibit general warrants. How could collecting every piece of phone data be perceived as anything but a general warrant?
My constituents feel betrayed by the promise that Reagan made, that if we grant amnesty, we'll then secure the border. We obviously didn't do that.
Human trafficking robs victims of their basic human rights, and it occurs right under our noses. Many efforts have been focused in other regions of the world, but this is a major problem here at home.
I see our veterans as American heroes, not as cartoon characters.
I'm a Texan - my idea of gun control is hitting what you aim at and nothing else.
The purpose of the criminal justice system is both to rehabilitate and to punish. If we can rehabilitate somebody, that's a huge, huge win.
I will continue to fight to secure our borders and implement common sense policies aimed at reducing violence and the flow of illegal narcotics, firearms, people, and money across our borders.
You turn on the TV, and you hear all these guys: 'Republican Party in disarray. Turmoil in Washington.' I don't think that's the case.
If you are just using the service to look at Web sites and download e-mail, then a DSL line may be cheaper. It is when you have more data going out that wireless can make a difference.
The census should not be political.
I've been through several of his campaigns, and I can tell you nobody can out-campaign Rick Perry.
I went in with the youthful vigor that I could single-handedly change the world. But you fast come to the realization that you're 1/435th of one-half of one-third of the government.
Nobody in the Washington regulatory bureaucracy gets fired for saying no.
In an urban area, you're not going to be an hour away from another post office.
Companies that are hosting Web sites or do a lot of teleconferencing need a lot of bandwidth going both ways.
You've got to do the same sort of outreach to Hispanics that you do to any other group. They want to see their congressman.
Sometimes you've got to make a hard decision, and there's a real reluctance to make hard decisions in Washington.
Nobody likes to make a hard decision, because you're running every two years.
Every member of Congress has highways in their district.
I actually enjoy having the Capitol view. We started referring to it as the trillion dollar view.
I think there's no problem getting through the House a pathway to legal status. A pathway to citizenship is going to be tougher, but I think it is potentially doable, if we can show the American people that the border is secure.
I'm committed to voting to repeal Obamacare or defending it as much as possible.
My message on immigration is that the people who want to come to this country, by and large, even those who have done it illegally, are coming for the right reasons, not to take advantage of our welfare system.
I think a fair amount of my votes were 'not-for-Ortiz,' votes and I'm going to have to work hard to earn the 'for Blake' votes.
As a government watchdog, I'm always looking for ways to make government smaller, more efficient, and fairer.
It's Congress' job to keep an eye on the other agencies and the workings of the entire government. It is our constitutional duty.
I've already composed and written a letter to the House administration telling them to withhold my paycheck in the event of a lapse of appropriations.
I would consider it to be immoral to take a paycheck when the people in the federal government are not.
You can't not approve a merger because you don't like the companies' politics. That's just not right.
If I were to leave Congress and want to start Farenthold TV, it would be very difficult. The fewer players there are, the fewer the opportunities to build a big enough audience to get on.
How is having every phone call that I make to my wife, to my daughter, relevant to any terror investigation?
Do I have a reasonable expectation of privacy in any information that I share with a company? My Google searches? The emails I send? Do I have a reasonable expectation of privacy in anything but maybe a letter I hand deliver to my wife?
I've got a quad copter on my Christmas list, as I suspect quite a few people do.
Census data influences decisions made from Main Street to Wall Street, in Congress and with the Federal Reserve. Not to mention, the American people who look to, and trust, the data the government releases on our nation's unemployment, state of our economy, and health insurance coverage.
My subcommittee will be thoroughly investigating this issue and demanding answers from Census officials on allegations that the Census Bureau is changing the wording of survey questions used to determine our nation's annual report on health insurance coverage.
With President Obama restoring diplomatic relations with Cuba, the immigration preferential treatment given to Cubans... no longer makes sense.
We've got the power of the purse in the Congress.
Historically, the Justice Department has been Congress' ally in fighting wrongdoing in government, but under this Justice Department and Eric Holder, rather than being the people's attorney, Eric Holder sees himself as the president's attorney and he'll do anything to defend the president.
We all want to raise our children well.
There is no Republican out there who wants a Hillary Clinton presidency.
I'm not going to sell Donald Trump short. I think the American people saw something in him.
We need to be talking about things like the DREAM Act. We need to also be talking about e-verify. We also need to be talking about border security.
We all went up to Washington on a mission to change things. What I found is that the Founding Fathers set it up where it's a little more difficult to do. We've got the Senate and the president to deal with.
As much as I hate to say it, what I'm coming to realize is that all we're really able to do is put the brakes on. Imagine going real fast in a Flintstones car, and my heel is out there. I went to Washington to change the world, and all I can do is put my heel out.
The government was built on compromising. And it's frustrating as hell.
One of the problems the Republican Party has had is that we're too fast to compromise. You can compromise on the little stuff, but you can't compromise on your core principles.
I feel like my mandate when I was elected was to go reduce the size of government, lower taxes, and increase freedom, and freedom isn't free, and sometimes you have to make a small sacrifice to move forward with what you're after.
I think it's really tough being in Donald Trump's shoes, when you've got the media looking to put the worst possible spin to everything that you say.
I'm still on the Trump train.
Hillary Clinton and John Kerry have left the U.S. with better relations with Iran and Cuba and worse relations with allies like Israel.
Running on the pledge to end two wars, President Obama has the country entangled in three: Syria, Afghanistan and Iraq, and that doesn't include the American's foray into Libya.
Why is it every time there is a tragedy in the U.S., President Obama blames the gun rather than the criminal?
In 2012, the Supreme Court upheld President Obama's overreaching mandate that forces every American to purchase health insurance or face a fine.
We can't get serious about immigration reform until we stop people from crossing the border illegally.
I sit on the House Judiciary Committee, where we've been actively working on concrete solutions to fix our nation's immigration policy, piece-by-piece.
Why should guns be treated different than toasters? If your defective product injures somebody, you're responsible for it.
