American,Politician
You know, a better man for a better America. That's sort of our slogan.
The internet is a great way to get on the net.
As long as there are only 3 to 4 people on the floor, the country is in good hands. It's only when you have 50 to 60 in the Senate that you want to be concerned.
If you're hanging around with nothing to do and the zoo is closed, come over to the Senate. You'll get the same kind of feeling and you won't have to pay.
We'll all be riding that streetcar of desire.
Something is wrong with America. I wonder sometimes what people are thinking about or if they're thinking at all.
Our intent will not be to create gridlock. Oh, except maybe from time to time.
At least she's the president of something, which is more than I can say.
If something happened along the route and you had to leave your children with Bob Dole or Bill Clinton, I think you would probably leave them with Bob Dole.
You feel a little older in the morning. By noon I feel about 55.
Elizabeth's back at the red cross, and I'm walking the dog.
We're trying to get good pictures. Don't worry very much about what I say.
Think I'll win. Could be big.
Life is very important to Americans.
Those who cultivate moral confusion for profit should understand this: we will name their names and shame them as they deserve to be shamed.
I'm not a Gingrich fan. He's just difficult to work with. It's either Newt's way or the highway.
Things are going to get better. Be optimistic.
It's going to be hard for someone like me to run for president.
I've never known a lot of rich people. It's not my bag.
President Obama came to visit me in the hospital. He said, 'I wish you were still in the Senate; I need your help.' I'm not certain I can help on everything. Maybe some things.
I don't know how many people run for vice president and president and lose both.
I've thought about it, not a lot, but I thought my relationship with Congress - the Democrats and Republicans - would help me get some things done. Not everything, but at least they'd be willing to try.
I will seek the presidency with nothing to fall back on but the judgment of the people of the United States, and nowhere to go but the White House or home.
I really thought, with my background growing up, and my service, and all that, I thought it would be enough for the presidency. But... It sure was enough when I ran for Congress.
I just consider myself a Republican, none of this hyphenated stuff. I was a mainstream conservative Republican, and most people are in that category.
