American,Entertainer
If you're poor and you do something stupid, you're nuts. If you're rich and do something stupid, you're eccentric.
Everyone should have cancer one time - then you'd know that other things aren't important. The guy that gives you the finger at the stoplight don't mean nothing anymore. You come home and something's cold, or you didn't get something in the mail. Big deal. You want to get up every day and see your family and your friends.
I'm a legend in this sport. If you don't believe me, ask me.
The money's the same, whether you earn it or scam it.
There's nothing better than a good, blind referee.
I know all about cheating. I've had six very successful marriages.
There's only two kinds of music I don't like... Country and Western.
Hawaii's the 50th state? I thought it was a suburb of Guam.
Are there any swamps in Oklahoma? Yes, there is. It's called Tulsa.
North Dakota State. What do you have to do there to graduate? Milk a cow with your left hand?
I think women's wrestling has had a hard time because of GLOW. When GLOW came out, it looked like somebody was ripping off the male industry. Everybody made fun of it. WOW is a great product. It's produced right. It's got a little story line, and it's got good-looking girls who can work and can talk.
I don't look at myself as a hero or smart person. I have a seventh-grade education, but I've had a lot of fun.
A friend in need is a pest.
WCW wasn't what I thought it should be. I thought it could be better. I would make suggestions, but nobody would want to hear them. They think you want their job. Please. It would be easier doing their job because they're used to doing nothing.
You can win, it'll just cost you some money.
It's a dog eat dog world, and Mr. Perfect is a Milk Bone.
There's the downtown area of Tupelo. Did you see the skyscrapers? Two stories.
Have you ever been to Glens Falls? The city limits signs are on the same post.
You'd have a good voice, if it ever came out of your throat.
I'd love to be popular in Barcelona. That sounds like a fun job.
I would like to do commercials, or even work for WWE if they called me. I wouldn't want to go back on the air or manage again, but I would like to be a spokesperson and do stuff like that.
