American,Actor
I think if you live in a black-and-white world, you're gonna suffer a lot. I used to be like that. But I don't believe that anymore.
If you're a single man and you happen to be in this business, you're deemed a player. But I don't see myself as a ladies' man.
I think I'm a decent-looking guy. Sometimes I can look great, and other times I look horrifying.
I don't know if it's animalistic or what, but men become like peacocks with their feathers up when women are around.
If you look at anything, there are always comedic moments.
I just wrapped this movie called 'The Wedding Crashers' which was a pretty big break for me.
You can tell if someone's into you. You can feel the chemistry.
In a relationship you want to treat people the way you want to be treated.
Life's complicated and people do things for a lot of reasons.
For a comedy to work, magic has to happen.
I loved the college experience of studying.
Unfortunately, when someone asks me for a favor, I can't say no. Because of my upbringing - my Catholic guilt - if I don't do it, it plagues me.
I think that episode in the third season was great. I'm really glad that we did that. He got to sleep with Sydney and kill Evil Francie and go on a mission and pretend he's a rock star.
I think he's Will 's partying a lot in Cabo. I think he's running a brothel. I don't know what he's doing.
I've never heard of a comedy that hasn't had reshoots, especially for the ending of a movie in a comedy.
If you look at anybody who's had along career, if you look at the choices they've made - even if the movies haven't worked - they've always worked with great filmmakers.
I worked in restaurants the first half of my life.
Personally, I've made myself a very small window of what I enjoy in this business, which is I love being a big part of the storytelling process.
Comedy is music.
I definitely am a huge lover of comedy, and it's only through doing so many comedies that I've realised how much of an influence they've been on me.
I liked sports but I never really had the confidence. I was always coordinated and it came easy to me, but I didn't have the confidence to go along with the physical skill.
I was pretty as a child and I felt that I wasn't very manly and that plagued me for years.
I remember being away somewhere, and I had forgotten it was Valentine's Day with a person, and that was very embarrassing.
Some directors have just one way of working; you either have to adhere to it or you don't.
I grew up in a very old-fashioned Roman Catholic, Italian-Irish family in Philly.
Give me an authentic woman, and I'm happy.
