American,Musician
It's cool to be different and just be who you are and shock people in a good way.
I've always been that person: If it gets into my head, I've got to do it until I get it perfect - a perfectionist's attitude.
The future should be exciting, you know? It shouldn't be a nerve-wracking experience.
I like surprising myself. I don't want to do the norm, do what I'm always known to do, write how I like to write.
Writing a song to be a single is hard, and I don't like to focus on that because you can get caught up in making something just terrible, which is really easy to do if you're focused on making it a single. It's more fun when you focus on what excites you musically.
I love being the center of attention. I'm shameless about it.
My favorite type of pet has always been a dog. They're loyal, kind, and offer endless affection. My friend Eric says, 'The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.' Funny thought.
You can create some soul out of something that's electronic or mechanical.
Change is always a little bit strange.
There's always a bit of nerves that come with expectations and new situations.
I was a maniac as a teenager; I'm not going to sugarcoat it. I was crazy.
I have no problem with people illegally downloading stuff. I'm not going to drive hard into 'You should buy my stuff,' because really, it's inevitable. If you like a song, you're going to download it for free. I have no problem with that.
I've never considered myself a lyricist, but I have stuff to say.
I like to see how other people work and be part of their stuff and see what I can do to be part of their worlds. Its a pretty big challenge, and that excites me.
To see fans singing your songs back to you is an indescribable thing.
I have a room dedicated to music and recording. I go there first thing in the morning and just before I go to bed. And it has a window to my street, so I can watch all the crazies walking by.
One of the most frustrating parts about songwriting for me is production, but it makes me want to get better at it and ends up being one of the most rewarding parts of it.
Since I was a kid - youngest of five kids - I've always been starved for attention, like 'Look at me! Look at me! Look what I can do!'
I find myself being attracted to dudes all the time. I'm like, 'Wow, that's a beautiful man.' There's no shame in it; that's how I feel.
I didn't even go to graduation.
'Miss Jackson' is about something that actually happened to me when I was younger. I hadn't really talked about it, and I felt that if I didn't, I would keep thinking about it; it would drive me crazy.
I know Dan Reynolds from Imagine Dragons. We went to the same church. I'm pretty sure he's still Mormon. I left the church long ago.
I guess if I had to classify myself, I'd say I'm straight.
Hip hop is doing the new rock thing; there are no rules. They can do anything, really. And that's inspiring.
I learned about being positive from my parents. They're the most positive people I've ever known.
Before I had a steady job, I was broke, and I didn't have any money to buy anything, so I would illegally download stuff.
I just love making music, and I wouldn't want to stop.
You can't just be a musician; you have to be an entertainer and perform and act just to hit the bar.
I don't listen to a ton of rock music.
I was gonna be a cosmetologist. I didn't really want to. I wanted to be in a band. It kind of worked out.
I'm still a very big fan of Fiona Apple.
I'm a pretty good drummer. I'm pretty good at guitar, bass and piano. I can play accordion; I'm not virtuoso. I've played cello before. My sister played it, and I know how to play it, but I'm not the best. Violin is kind of the same thing.
I recorded 'The End of All Things' right before I married my now wife. We had no vows publicly, so I wrote her this song and told her, 'This is how I see our relationship.'
Some of my favourite record and album covers and stuff have all been the singer, and they create a character, and they dress up a little bit.
I think, you know, when you're a teenager, sometimes your emotions are a little bit more drastic than maybe when you're in your 20s. You sort of level out a little bit.
I've always wanted to do a cutesy little song with a guy and girl singing back and forth and thought that Regina Spektor would be kind of cool for that. I love her voice. She's an amazing musician.
I really like musicals - 'The Music Man,' 'Oklahoma!,' 'Li'l Abner,' 'Annie Get Your Gun.'
I love to surf. Hawaii has some of the best waves in the world, and the most consistent as well. That's always fun.
I haven't mowed a lawn in quite a while, but I remember hating that when I was growing up. To please Dad, you have to get it right, and that's the thing. You have to please Dad.
