American,Entertainer
I do a lot of stuff with Wounded Warriors and the Armed Forces Foundation; if you want to get these guys to stop talking, start complimenting!
I'm not really deep enough to have enough to think about for fifteen minutes.
John McEnroe is the most honest and real person I have ever interviewed.
My worldview comes from a collection of the books I have read, the people I have met, and my conversations with my dad.
Without Cooperstown, you don't have baseball: Baseball is history.
Pope Francis might turn out to be one of the most popular figures in the world today.
What I care about is maximum information.
I know the word 'sacrifice.'
Women are everywhere. We're letting them play golf and tennis now. It's out of control.
You can say that Mitt Romney started with nothing! He didn't get an inheritance from his dad.
Not every Muslim is out to get us.
I totally go against the theory that you got to win to be successful. It's how you handle your situation.
Jon Stewart says that he was a little kid with a big head. He had very little athletic ability. He went out to the soccer field, and it was awful.
Even though David Pottruck has gone to this unbelievable career where he is a billionaire, there is always a new hurdle. He never sits there saying, 'I'm the best.'
My belief is that sports in school is not an extracurricular activity.
Regardless of who you are, what sport you chose, or how much success you achieved, playing the game is all about getting you ready for life.
I can't get inside the head of a politician today.
When I set out to research the story of the Culper Spy Ring, I had no idea where it would take me.
We are surrounded every day by people who do thankless but important work.
Let the politicians debate equal pay and pursue the folly of a war on women in America.
From Clara Barton's tireless work founding the American Red Cross to the first female Medal of Honor winner, Dr. Mary Walker, to our first female combat fighter pilot Lt. Kara Hultgreen, no list of American heroes is complete without the names of some of these extraordinary women.
Smart and savvy, the fearless female member of George Washington's Secret Six is a testament to the strong women who have helped to alter the course of history in this great nation, both in terms of large-scale battles and in the new opportunities they have helped create for future generations through their own fearless examples.
