American,Musician
Summer means happy times and good sunshine. It means going to the beach, going to Disneyland, having fun.
I think I'm a vocal genius, not a musical genius. I like background vocals. I consider myself a voice, not a singer. A voice is a sound, and singing is what you do with that sound.
I'm just a shy and retreating kind of person. Sometimes I get in a real talkative mood - but not very often.
To wear a floral shirt is an experience.
What in the world is a hangover cure?
I think cursing is a bunch of malarkey.
If there's not love present, it's much, much harder to function. When there's love present, it's easier to deal with life.
I'm not a genius. I'm just a hard-working guy.
I like the piano - I'm always about 15 feet away from a piano.
You know what? I'm not always in a positive, happy place. But I'm able to concentrate enough to come up with a really good song.
Pop music has been exhausted. The innocence has been exhausted. I think we've lost the ability to be blown away by music.
First of all, I want people to understand that I'm here to create for them. To create music for people so they'll know that I'm a source of love. And they can depend on my name.
I still believe that something is right only when it feels right.
Don't get married until you're certain that you're marrying the right girl. How did I know my wife was the one? I'd seen her for a couple of months. I liked her. She was a very creative person and she had a very good grip on politics and business.
I think I need the demons in order to write, but the demons have gone. It bothers me a lot. I've tried and tried, but I just can't seem to find a melody.
Any article's good. Long as it's publicity, I think that's all that matters. I think it's advancement for my career.
I consider myself to be a crusader of love. I try to spread love around the world as best I can because I know I have a handle on love.
Gershwin inspired me very much. The concept of 'That Lucky Old Sun' was inspired by 'Rhapsody in Blue' - not influenced, but inspired.
If you're going to write a song, try to get together with a collaborator because it's better to write with collaborators.
Probably not much of a song left in me, you know, if any, because I've written so many, some 250 songs or 300 or whatever it is.
I meditate and I also think about meditation. Which is funny. I think about Maharishi, about just the idea of meditating. It gives me something.
I believe that writers run out of material, I really do. I believe very strongly in the fact that when the natural time is up, writers actually do run out of material. To me it's black and white. When there's a song there's a song, when there's not there's not.
The Beach Boys have always been a part of the '60s spectrum, with The Beatles and that kind of thing. They were a part of the music business like everyone else. And they did quite well as a singing group, and I finished a lot of good records, and I'm very proud of them.
There's no outdoing The Beatles.
It's like when a guy gets a divorce from his wife. You part ways. That's what I did with The Beach Boys.
I wake up in the morning and I say 'Ahh! Today's the day for a song! I'm going to write a song today!' And I do. I write a song.
