American,Actor
What I think makes people nerds is just being obsessive. I think that's what nerdiness really is - its people who don't just passively like something, they get passionate about whatever they like.
I'm doing a pilot for Comedy Central with the band Steel Panther. They're faux heavy metal. They started as kind of a tribute band out here, or a cover band, and they're funny guys, and they just sort of morphed into their own thing.
I love writing. It's one of my favorite jobs. Of the things I get to do, I love sitting in a room and coming up with ideas, and I love going home and pounding them out.
I wanted to be a vet before I got into comedy, but then once I found out how much gore goes into that job, I wanted nothing to do with it.
I wasn't even aware that there are different styles of taxidermy, traditional and rogue. I wound up really liking the rogue stuff the most, just because it is more artistic and people can go anywhere with it. That stuff I really liked. Honestly, I would have liked to buy some of those pieces.
I used to own a stuffed piranha, but I haven't seen it in years. I don't even know what happened to it. Maybe my wife didn't want it to make the move from the last house to this one.
Juvenile stuff has always made me laugh. It's what I know.
One thing about writing 'The Sarah Silverman Program' was the concern that I don't give myself the best story, you know what I mean?
A lot of the traditional sitcom stuff I did - I think I could have gone that route when I was younger as a staff writer, and I just didn't want to.
I didn't want to write sketch comedy after 'Mr. Show.' I felt like, after 'Mr. Show', why would you want to go work at any of the other places that existed then?
You don't hear Metallica complaining about Pearl Jam.
I got into Kiss before I got into anybody. The first thing I heard was 'Detroit Rock City.' I heard it in the school library, where I lived.
I tried playing the drums, and I could play 'Boys Don't Cry' by The Cure.
I don't know if I was a poseur - I really did love metal, always - but I gave a lot of other things a chance. I wanted to meet, um, girls, so I would check out 'Depeche Mode.'
I'm not that smart, and I don't read things.
Turns out, there's not a lot of information about pickles on the Internet.
There's a roller derby girl that goes by that name, 'Nerd Rage,' and she named herself after my album.
Nerd rage to me is kind of just empty rage. I mean, ultimately, you're not going to do it; you're not going to fight somebody, you know.
I just felt like I'd rather listen to even the worst metal song more than most current pop music.
As a comic, I used to know more about pop culture.
I really hate Nicki Minaj, but I don't know why I hate her. I just hate her face, you know? So I went and just looked at some Nicki Minaj videos so I would have a leg to stand on if I ever met someone who liked her.
I feel very lucky that I've been able to carve out any niche at all in this business. It's so hard to get into.
I've always been really good at staying busy. Even while I'm working, I'm looking at what the next thing is.
I love to visit the comic shops, and I don't want to call myself a 'foodie,' because that word is just stupid, but I love diner food, and I'm a hardcore fan of 'Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.'
I try to hit all the places Guy Fieri visits in every city I go to. It's, like, something a 60-year-old would do.
I'm very excited that my yelling will be featured on the next Evile disc; they're one of my favorite new-ish bands and, in my not-so-humble opinion, the British saviors of thrash metal.
