American,Writer
Life is beautiful because it doesn't last.
Human beings are flawed and complicated and messy.
I feel like I'm a much better person when I'm developing my imagination and my innocence and my vulnerability. I like that version of me better than the version where I'm just working on my analytical mind.
Modern life has gotten so strange, we all get 150 emails and text messages a day, and it's hard when things are moving that quickly to keep that sense of wonder about being alive.
So at some point you realize that your life is not just going to start one day in the future, that you're living it.
You are the sum total of the choices you make every day.
Living in Cuba made me unafraid of whatever could happen to me.
I wasn't actually very naturally good at economics. My brain doesn't work very well, in terms of mathematics.
Writing so that I can act became a way of having not more control over my future but not having to wait for permission. You can choose yourself. Hmm, who should play this part? I nominate me!
We put limitations on the way that we think about things, on ourselves, think about all the boxes we live in, male or female, you're this age, that age, this is your job, this is not your job, everything is about getting boxed in.
One of the great pleasures of acting is surrendering to someone else's point of view of the world - living inside a character and a story that never would have come out of your mind or heart.
The litmus test for whether I want to take on a role or not is usually fear. If I'm afraid of it, then I want to do it.
Science fiction has a way of letting you talk about where we are in the world and letting you be a bit of a pop philosopher without being didactic.
One of my favorite stories growing up was 'A Wrinkle in Time'. I loved that book.
I learned from my parents the idea that, if you are devoted enough and you want to study something enough, you can really teach yourself anything.
A whole film is just about arriving at a moment where you hopefully transfer some feeling to the audience.
I think I am looking as an actor to find ways to push myself into places I haven't been before as a human being.
I think we're scared of intimacy - all of us, a little bit.
I get uncomfortable when people give me presents and watch me open them. I don't have birthday parties, because the idea of a group of people singing and looking at me while I'm blowing out candles gives me hives.
We're always just telling stories, and stories are always just approximations of the truth. It's never the truth exactly.
I think we're always looking for an excuse to connect.
I've found myself at one in the morning just sitting at my desk spending an hour returning emails from the day until like two in the morning. It's ridiculous, I should be sleeping, or dreaming, or reading a novel.
You know, I can't imagine 9 to 5 writing. That takes some stamina.
I think I realized very early on that you can spend a lot of time constructing a really perfect scene in final draft and just end up throwing it away because you didn't figure out that mathematics of the story first.
I think sometimes big budget means explosions! CGI! CGI, the possibilities are so limitless that it begins to be impractical.
Then in college, besides economics, I also majored in studio art and got involved in photography and making short films and acting. But I didn't know you could make a living that way.
