American,Musician
For me, success is a state of mind. I feel like success isn't about conquering something; it's being happy with who you are.
With love, you should go ahead and take the risk of getting hurt because love is an amazing feeling.
Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty.
I've always followed my heart and pursued my dreams, and I imagine that people find that inspiring. I hope that is the effect I have on my fans and people in general. I definitely want to project a positive energy out into the world.
I think it's an okay thing to express yourself.
I don't like defining myself. I just am.
I dress the way I want. I don't pretend to be someone I'm not.
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.
I did not have implants, I just had a growth spurt.
I know not everyone will like me, but this is who I am so if you don't like it, tough!
I'm actually a very private person. Sometimes I'm in denial that I'm really famous.
Christina Aguilera and I are friends no matter what the media makes up.
I go through life like a Karate Kid.
My mom is a wonderful woman. She's always been an inspiration to me, but having kids helped me make even more sense of my relationship with her.
I'm into the food in Vegas. I'm willing to go to nice restaurants for sushi and stuff like that.
I'm more straightforward, and I speak up more than I did before. When I was younger, I wouldn't speak up as much, but now that I'm a mom, things have changed.
I'm very boring. I'm a mom. I'm 34 years old.
Everything happens for a reason.
When things take a long time, I just get really stubborn.
I've never really wanted to go to Japan. Simply because I don't like eating fish.
I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person.
Honestly, I still don't use my computer. My kids use the computer more than I do! I understand that a lot of people are into it, and I have days where I write and stuff, but it's really not for me. It's not my thing.
I wish my hair was thicker, and I wish my feet were prettier. My toes are really ugly. I wish my ears were smaller. And my nose could be smaller too.
I would really, really, really like to be a legend like Madonna. Madonna knows what to do next, and when she's performing, the audience is just in awe of her.
I used to be a cool chick but I'm not anymore.
I went to a psychoanalyst. He explained things about my love life that I found very impressive... almost scary.
I find it so funny that people find me so interesting.
Sundance is weird. The movies are weird - you actually have to think about them when you watch them.
I'm still the same person I've always been.
I think with anybody who's doing well in the public eye or whatever, there's always gonna be a shift because people don't wanna see somebody happy all the time. And they're gonna try to take shots at people.
I don't like going out. I hate clubs. I hate being around too many people.
I can't go anywhere without someone judging me.
I don't allow anybody to change me. I still walk outta my house in rollers and I take walks. I do not care what people think.
I'm like everybody else.
I need to do psychology classes. That would be so interesting to me, studying people.
Seriously, I have the best fans ever.
I still have a lot to learn - about the business, about music, and about myself. Its exciting.
It's in my blood to perform.
Performing is my therapy, to become different people onstage.
I'm a hometown girl, and my personality at home is the opposite of the performer in me. But then, when I'm home and haven't done anything for a while, I get really itchy and nervous and weird-feeling.
Traveling around the world is really strenuous for me, being in a different bed every night, flying and everything.
To be honest, I wish I had more mom friends.
I'm all about thoughtful gifts. If you put thought behind it - it could be $5 - but if there's thought behind it, I think that's what matters.
I love ponytails. I'm a wash-and-go girl.
When you tour, it's so hard on the body. Being in one place is cool. It's a more stable environment.
When I was younger, I wouldn't speak up as much, but now that I'm a mom, things have changed.
I guess it's because I do have a younger audience that, you know, parents worry about the role model thing. But when I was younger, I looked up to people, but I never wanted to be them. I always had my own identity. I'm an entertainer when I'm on stage, and they need to explain that to their kids. That's not my job to do that.
When I'm under stress, I do yoga. It's when I'm happiest that I have a problem with junk food.
Would you go into a CD store and steal a CD? It's the same thing, people going into the computers and loggin' on and stealing our music.
Whoever is in the spotlight, people are really quick to judge. I mean, there are a lot of kids coming up who've experienced that. You know, Justin Bieber, he's huge, and he experiences that. It's just the way the world works, unfortunately.
I have my relationship with God and myself, and that's what matters to me. I really don't care what most people think.
I like to work out. I like a routine. I'm kind of simple. I eat almost the same thing every day. I like Caesar salad.
Vegas is definitely a new challenge, but I wanted to be able to put on a different type of show. You get to do so much more when you don't have to put your stage in trucks after the show every night - we got to build a venue specifically for my show. It's going to be more like a party than a typical concert.
When you go through heartbreak, you just do the things that get you by. Eventually, you realise it's about making the most of life.
There are so many soulful singers, even the ones coming from London, like Adele and Jessie J, who are just amazing. It feels like a really cool time to be making music now.
My house is very traditional. And I love 'shabby chic.' It's a very homey-cosy vibe. We spend a lot of time in the kitchen, actually; maybe my kids will be doing their homework or that kind of thing when they get home from school. I love my kitchen.
At the end of the day, I mean, I love my father, but I was always a mama's girl growing up. I'm from the South, so there's always something about me when I'm just with my girls or even my mother. There's just a strong connection there.
I've been very hands-on with everything I've done since I had my children. And it's just really important for me to understand the big picture, where everybody's coming from, what's the real purpose of this shoot and this song, or whatever it is in that moment that I'm doing.
It's important to learn to say no. With tours and all of that stuff, there are so many aspects that go into it, it's easy to have so many people around you saying, 'Oh yes, yes, you can afford this, you can afford this,' and then all of the sudden you've spent $20 million on your stage, and you're like, 'Where's my money?'
In my off-time, I do record. Once in a while, I'll just go into the studio if there's a really good song that I have in my head and want to do. I think, as artists, you're constantly in creative motion. If I stopped writing songs, then that's a part of me that would stop in my life, and I need constant motion.
Recently I started to appreciate my body a bit more from before I had kids. But it completely changed, and I have had to work hard at getting it back to where it used to be.... I used to be obsessed with working out.
I notice that if there are some times I've been stressed, because I'm human and stress about things, that affects your kids. So you have to make sure you're a happy mom so they can be happy.
We have a nanny in the house, but there are always times when one of my kids does something bad or wrong, and they'll listen to me more than they do the nanny. So I think it's important to set up that boundary of respect for them at a young age, so they will know, 'I better listen to Mommy.'
I don't like going out. I hate clubs. I hate being around too many people. I love my home and staying in bed and watching 'Dancing With the Stars' or reading a Danielle Steel novel.
I'm definitely picky about what projects I take on. They have to be things I'm passionate about. I actually get to be creative when it comes to my mobile game. It's really cool.
I would love to act. I would love to do movies. If it was the right part, it would be really cool... I love funny movies.
If I happen to have another baby or something like that, I'd probably move back to Louisiana. I do miss Louisiana. I miss the people. I miss the food. I miss the way of life, how everything is really simple. There's no traffic like there is in L.A. It's really nice.
I love my gay fans. Gay people are always usually my best friends in the whole world. I completely adore them.
It's no secret I'm a shy person.
