American,Actress
After a breakup, it takes a couple weeks for the fog to settle, but it's always a period of self-priority and growth. Life presents you with so many decisions. A lot of times, they're right in front of your face and they're really difficult, but we must make them.
I love being in love.
I take work very seriously and telling the truth in my job and professionalism.
The older I get, the more I embrace my own idiosyncrasies.
I've always seen myself as one of those 'show people.' My earliest memories are wanting and needing to entertain people, like a gypsy traveler who goes from place to place, city to city, performing for audiences and reaching people.
You actually can make it, no matter what. I truly am a firm believer in that. Eminem's living proof.
Life presents you with so many decisions. A lot of times, they're right in front of your face and they're really difficult, but we must make them.
It's easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. It's fun to get lost in love and romance. It's the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing.
Curiosity did kill the cat, but I'm very curious.
Sticking to your values, listening to your instincts, making your own choices is so important.
I'd do almost anything for love, within safe boundaries. I've flown to places to surprise people, even if it was just for a day. I think it's so important to keep the romance alive and make sure the fun and spontaneity are there.
I think they should take everyone who works for The National Enquirer and the Star, and everyone who works for Us Weekly, and put them all to work looking for terrorists. I think they would find the terrorists. All of them. It would be genius!
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
I think the key to happiness is allowing ourselves to not feel bad or guilty for feeling it, and letting it be contagious. And to not be dependent on other people to create your own happiness.
Yeah, I'm a giver. I've learned to be selective of the people in my world, because if I love someone, I will give them my blood, whatever they need. In doing so, one can end up with little left for themselves.
Tired is not a word in my vocabulary.
I'm an actor. It's my job.
I'd love to be a man for a day, just to see what it's like.
I find this life so interesting.
I don't even take myself seriously, so how could I possibly take Hollywood seriously?
I consider myself a character actor.
I can play any instrument if you give me 20 minutes.
If I could be a third of the woman that my mom is and have a third of the strength that she has, then I will have done good by this life.
I don't think Hollywood per se is supposed to be taken seriously, otherwise, dear Lord, that would be frightening.
Home is where my mom is.
I'm a Christian. I go to church when I can. I was raised Baptist. I went to a Lutheran school. I'm a nondenominational practicing Christian. I have a lot of faith.
I did learn one great lesson from a past relationship, and that was to never talk about relationships in print again because I'd rather live my private life than read about it.
I come from a military family.
