American,Model
I always loved family holidays, and I had this vision and dream as a little girl of having a big family of my own.
I really believe in the environmental movement right now - it only takes a little effort to make a big difference.
I just love the world of photography.
I do a lot of sexy publicity, but I have yet to have any bad experiences regarding jealousy.
Whatever I've got going on, I play music to accompany me.
I'm horrified of lobsters. And shrimp and lobsters are the cockroaches of the ocean.
Power and beauty come from a very deep place.
Hey, we all have our fear. Mine is bugs and lobsters!
I'm living the best life that I could ever be living.
Dating is really hard because everyone puts on a front. It's really difficult to see who is who, so it is important to be yourself.
I don't get stage fright, I actually love the energy, I love the spontaneity, I love the adrenaline you get in front of a live audience, it actually really works for me.
I'm an entrepreneur and a businesswoman and I do a lot of different things besides my work on television and people probably don't know that about me.
Forty is better than 30. I have a better understanding of who I am, what makes me tick, what's okay and not okay.
I write back to all the soldiers who write to me and send them posters and calendars.
When I was young, I wanted to do something more low-key, like become a drummer in a rock band.
In the United States, viewers don't get to see a lot of things we can show in other countries. We didn't get to show our naked Twister game from Wild On Jamaica, but we definitely filmed it.
I don't want to say, 'This is where Im going to be in five years and Im going to get there no matter what.' I want to leave it open. I'm not a desperate actress dying to star in a B movie in a bikini.
I like feet. I definitely have a fetish. I love to see a man's bare foot, but its got to be taken care of. If they're not well manicured, you've got to wonder what the rest of him is like. I don't want to get in bed with somebody and feel his gnarly feet.
Forget all the bars and schmoozing and everybody checking out everybody else. My ideal date would be to park in a dark place, check out the stars, and have a great conversation. When all else fails, you can just make out.
I love modeling.
I hardly ever go out when I'm home.
I definitely take a lot of bad pictures!
I don't want to discuss my breasts with the whole world!
I just love to experience things. I would do almost anything once.
So when I looked at pictures and produced my calendar and edited the pictures, it wasn't just about looking at myself and thinking I'm attractive. I try to take myself out of it and get into the whole process of putting it all together.
I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people, beautiful beaches, great wine, wonderful harbors... It's incredibly romantic.
There's this whole assumption that girls like bad boys, but I have to disagree; I think 'nice' will go a long way.
I think a lot of women are underestimated.
I think I'm a really hands-on mom.
I've done little bits of Botox for a long time. If I wasn't on TV, I probably wouldn't.
Women communicate with all their senses. Men don't do that.
My children keep me real and keep me honest.
A lot of cultures believe you take the placenta and you bury it and plant something.
I think with motherhood and child-rearing in general, everyone's going to tell you how to do it and why. I've always said to other mothers and women when they've asked me, that you have to find your own way and find out what works for your family, at all costs.
Most of the time I believe in letting kids go ahead and make their own mistakes - maybe even get a little hurt - and learn from them.
