American,Actor
I read H.P. Lovecraft. I also like Sword and Sorcery stuff, Arthurian legend.
A show needs time to find an audience, and they're very quick to pull them off the air now.
A storyteller is basically what actors and writers are.
As a boy, I didn't need a lot of playmates to have a good time.
Basically I started to jot notes, lots of faxes back and forth to my writer, we faxed ideas throughout the whole first draft, and started all over again.
Certainly, because the computer and computer language was still not as common as it is today. That's one of the reasons I believe Tron wasn't as popular back then as it is today.
I can't believe we're in the middle of the fifth season, and if this is all there is, my God, it went fast.
I don't call myself a writer.
I enjoy working with Melissa a great deal. We're always looking for projects to do together. I was happy to have her do the show, because she doesn't normally do episodic unless she's starring, and I was very happy with the results.
I had a great run on Babylon 5. It was a lot of fun.
I just always had a love for television and movies.
I started acting professionally at age 19.
I started in high school and then I went onto professional training after that.
I think every leading man wants to be a character actor, and every character actor wants to be a leading man.
I would love to do a Western again if Westerns came back into fashion.
I'm living what I always wanted to do.
I've had quarter horses for the last 18 years.
In television, the audience has to be comfortable with you, and I've managed to prove that I can be in American homes to some degree, and not necessarily where everyone knows me, either.
It's not highly intellectual material. I'm dedicating it to the pulp fiction of the past.
It's very frustrating not being on the air.
So I had a ghostwriter, they call them, or somebody who is an experienced writer, to help. I've got the ideas in my head, it's getting them properly on paper.
Star Wars, the original movie, was all the various old genre of pictures: the swashbucklers, the war movies, all those things were put n there in a different look.
That's the great thing about being an actor, you get to try out lots of things for your roles.
The making of television has changed quite a bit. Now you have to do them n cheaper budgets.
The most colorful section of a bookstore is the display of SF books, with art by people like Wayne Barlow, who is a terrific artist.
They've also asked me now to start on another series that we're gonna do after this Frontier Earth. But it's not science fiction, it's more in the Mystery and Crime division and that's another area I'm very interested in.
