American,Cartoonist
We are all just little dolls of ourselves. Who occasionally pull back the curtains to reveal the real us.
Of course I loved 'I Love Lucy' and saw every episode over and over again. I found it heartbreaking that Ricky got to be famous and have an exciting life at the Tropicana while Lucy was stuck in that terrible apartment with the Mertzes.
Graduation speeches force you to reflect. They are about consciousness. Nothing is better than consciousness.
My cartoon life is in my office, and it's very separate and getting very in my own head. My television life is I'm begging one of the actors to say the line in the way I'd like them to.
When I was a kid, I would be watching TV shows like, you know, like 'Get Smart' and be like, 'That's what being an adult is.'
We only got clothing once a year, like, right before school began. It's like, that's when you got your clothing.
When I was a kid, and I was watching TV, I just loved it so much that I wanted to crawl into that TV.
What I like about graduation speeches is that they're an opportunity for someone to make sense of their life and to impart that wisdom to someone else. It's like a sanctioned self-help moment.
I can't get enough of self-help books of all kinds.
I started trying to be a writer and failed for years. I tried novels, short stories, sitcoms, movies, plays, anything. And then, to support myself, I had millions of jobs on the fringes of show business.
Actually, I think that 'Seinfeld' tackles the same kinds of issues as 'Six Feet Under,' just in a different way.
Sometimes I'll be reading something online and just get so frustrated because of what people are saying.
I've had to whine for everything I've ever really wanted.
Traditionally, the only way I come up with cartoons is by sitting at my desk and thinking.
When I'm on the set, I'll come up with ideas if I'm sort of just between responsibilities, because there's a lot of sitting around on set. Invariably, though, the stuff I come up with on the set tends to be bad.
It's self-soothing for me to draw. So if I'm upset, drawing makes me less upset.
It was memorable the first time 'The New Yorker' bought a cartoon from me. I had been sending them batches for years every week, and they didn't respond to them.
I loved Charles Addams more than anything. Still love him.
James Thurber was an inspiration because his drawings were so primitive. I am self-taught - I didn't go to art school - so I thought when I started doing them, 'If James Thurber can be a cartoonist, I can,' because his stuff is very raw.
I'm continually working on myself. Nothing ever actually works.
One quintessential moment in time is when you're 22, when you graduate college. And then another quintessential time is as a middle-age man. That's the convergence.
I love graduation speeches. I have always loved them; I will always love them.
In Los Angeles, it's always nice out. In New York, it can be nice out or horrifying. You really have no idea what you're going to get on any given day.
In L.A., you can put out a craft-service table anywhere, and it's no big deal. But in New York, people who walk by it on the street get really angry about it.
In New York, all the crews read 'The New Yorker.' In Los Angeles, they don't know from 'The New Yorker.'
Shooting in Los Angeles is always pleasant and comfortable. Shooting in New York is like being on 'Survivor.'
