American,Musician
I think that success is having fun.
You pick up some fans and a handful of haters along the way.
Someone told me something that stuck with me: 'You have to envision your life, and then go backwards.' I've been living by that motto for a while, so I see where I need to be. Now I'm just backtracking and trying to get back up there.
Hawaii is paradise. It sounds cheesy to say it, but there's music in the air there.
Music is not math. It's science. You keep mixing the stuff up until it blows up on you, or it becomes this incredible potion.
I don't try and be dark, but there are obviously darker emotions that I want to capture sometimes.
You know, when Michael Jackson does the moonwalk, he's showing off! When Prince or Hendrix do a guitar solo, it's confidence! I would hate to be at a show and some nervous wreck is sweating up there and doesn't feel like he deserves to be there.
I've learned people are watching, so don't do nothing stupid.
When it's your time, it is your time.
Ever since I was a kid, this was all I wanted to do. I've wanted to do music. I wanted to sing. It's all I know.
It's probably the worst feeling in the world, when you're deeply and madly in love with a woman and you know she's not feeling you the same way, and you don't know why.
There's always a bittersweet kind of thing, but I feel like everything had to work out the way it is. Everything that had to happen, happened.
Today, I'd like to talk to Bob Marley. I'd just like to ask him what was his method. Bob is one of the greatest songwriters ever. I don't know if people understand how powerful his songs are and the simplicity and genius behind them, from 'Redemption Song' to 'Is This Love?' and 'I Shot the Sheriff.'
You can't knock on opportunity's door and not be ready.
I don't like two stories. I like one story. I never grew up with stairs. I like to stick to what I know.
No one sells a song better than the person that wrote it.
I signed up to be a musician, I want to perform, I want to sing.
A grown man should always carry cash, right? I don't know who told me, but someone told me that a long time ago, and the biggest turnoff is when a guy doesn't have cash on him.
My father moved to Hawaii from Brooklyn and my mother came there as a child from the Philippines. They met at a show where my dad was playing percussion. My mom was a hula dancer.
Becoming famous was never what I wanted to do. There's a lot of things that come with fame - it's what people in the limelight have to do.
What I like about Elvis is the same thing I like about James Brown, Michael Jackson, Prince. These guys, back in the day, there was no smoke and mirrors. It was just raw talent. They would step out onstage and command an audience. Talk about awesome.
I can't even speak Hawaiian, but if you go there and listen to a Hawaiian song, you get captured because it's so beautiful, like the melody is just gorgeous and you know Bob Marley is on the radio every single day. It's very reggae-influenced down there. Basically, you haven't been to paradise if you haven't been to Hawaii.
I just write songs that I strongly believe in and that are coming from inside. There's no tricks. It's honesty with big melodies.
I always say I wanna work with Alicia Keys. I'm in awe of her.
I love artists like Prince, who hold on to that element of mystery.
In my songs, I'm not saying something that's never been said before. The have lyrics aren't going to blow people away. It's the emotion and the melody that drive it home.
You know, my sister sings, my brother plays drums in my band. My whole family is a bunch of musicians.
There are no record companies in Waikiki.
I love the Sex Pistols. I'm a big Beach Boys fan and a huge Zeppelin and Queen fan.
Songwriters, you have to work - you have to wait for residuals. You have to pray that the song's going to be a hit. And then a year later, you might get a check.
I don't think anyone ever plans to change line-ups, but it's something that comes with being in bands. I was in a band once and there were always problems - members come and go - and some of the world's biggest bands have changed line-ups loads!
I've definitely seen bands before they made money kind of change their thing on the next tour, and I prefer it when it's a little more raw.
Honolulu is a melting pot.
I'm the Nickelodeon version of DangerMouse.
Writing for other artists helped me figure out that magic you have to capture to make everyone connect with a song.
I came to California and got signed at a young age. And it's not like you see in the movies, where you start rubbing shoulders with Timbaland and Pharrell, and you become a giant pop star.
I feel, as a songwriter, it's one of the hardest things to do - to sit down and say how you feel.
I know a lot of artists say this, but it's hard to put myself in a box. I just write songs that I strongly believe in and that are coming form a special place. There's no tricks.
My mother is a singer, my sisters all sing, my uncles are incredible singers and guitar players, so it's just kind of been like my habitat.
I'm a big fan of songs like Joe Cocker's 'You Are So Beautiful' and Eric Clapton's 'Wonderful Tonight' - songs that go straight to the point.
'Doo-wop' is a very special word for me. Because I grew up listening to my dad who, as a Fifties rock & roll head, loved doo-wop music.
