American,Actor
It's mind-altering when you slip into someone else's shoes. That's psychedelic, man.
With craziness, you can't predict it. There's very little defense you can have on craziness.
I don't really relax. When I sleep, I relax.
I want to be able to experience everything. I want to experience being a husband, experience being a father, experience, maybe, hopefully, someday being a grandfather, and all those things. I want that experience. When I die, I want to be exhausted.
I think if you believe in past lives, I must have been an extremely deprived being. I must have been mistreated, beaten, and forced into indentured servitude because this life has just been phenomenal.
Love is not as important as good health. You cannot be in love if you're not healthy. You can't appreciate it.
Luck is a component that a lot of people in the arts sometimes fail to recognise: that you can have talent, perseverance, patience, but without luck you will not have a successful career.
I learned long ago to focus on things you can control and don't even pay attention to things you don't.
What's great about well-written material is, if you can shock with justifiable actions, that's the best.
I think naturally, if you're an actor, there's a high level of assertiveness that you need to have to survive this business. There's boldness in being assertive, and there's strength and confidence.
The imagination is part of the arsenal that actors draw from.
I'm telling you, until I shaved my head, I never realized how much heat is lost through the top of the head. I walk out in winter and it feels like I have an ice pack on my head. Unbelievable.
I'm not crazy about being out of control, and I get emotional when things are unclean. When things are out of order. When things are messy. Because I lived in a mess as a child.
I've done more crap than I care to remember. I really have. 'Airwolf.' 'Murder, She Wrote.' 'Amazon Women on the Moon.' But you learn from all these bad shows. What you don't want to do and what you don't want to be involved with.
My goal has always been to be a working actor.
I admit, I do a lot of projects, but it's because I'm in a position now where I'm reading a lot more scripts and plays and things, and I'm really listening to offers and trying to think what I want to do at any given time.
I intend to do more directing TV.
Something's happened in our society which I don't think is beneficial, and that's that you see the public being fed box-office news. Newscasts now, every local station - I've been traveling around the country a lot, and you see the local news, and they give box-office reports.
You need to tell the truth to the audience, or they will throw a brick through the TV. They'll turn you off.
If you're a person who complains about everything all the time, then you're just the boy who cried 'wolf.' But if you do it on occasion and about the right reasons, then people listen.
Any kind of civil rights oppression is wrong.
If you have a level of expectation in your life that you have to be a quote-unquote star, whatever that means, you might be setting yourself up for failure.
In order to be an actor you really have to be one of those types of people who are risk-takers and have what is considered an actor's arrogance, which is not to say an arrogance in your personal life. But you have to be the type of person who wants the ball with seconds left in the game.
Given the right set of circumstances any one of us could become dangerous - so why not show that in our programmes?
It used to be that people would watch TV shows because they knew the characters would stay the same. Whether it's Archie Bunker or it's Thomas Magnum you watch it because it's like, 'I'm comfortable, this is the same guy.'
When I was a kid there were a very select few channels - programmes had to have more of a large appeal and they just didn't offer very much. Now you have a situation where the television world has expanded and there's hundreds of channels.
When you're directing an ongoing series, the tone has already been set. So a director will come in and fulfill that tone - reinforce the characters and their behavior. The challenge is to find unique ways that you can visually tell the story while keeping the established tone and the pace and the characters.
It's funny, I do try to maintain health. I started doing Bikram yoga which is that hothouse yoga, the 105 degrees yoga for 90 minutes. It's great, you purge out all the sweat and you're drinking water.
Mixing humor and politics is something that works.
I'm a big fan of 'Mad Men.'
Every time you start a project, you're hopeful that the critics receive it warmly.
Love between two adults is always conditional. You can fall out of love because you are able to fall in love.
Hollywood has known this for quite a while: Cable is the place to go because they truly have a supportive network and they want to do things that cannot be seen on broadcast. That stimulates the writer-producer. Cable is king.
I have some anger issues.
Every experience feeds an actor, and I've learned that depression is all around us.
The TV business is like the produce section of the market. Today everything is fresh and glistening and firm. And tomorrow, when they find a bruise on you, they toss you out.
When you're an actor in grade school, high school, college, whatever, you start to realize what you're really good at, what you're kinda good at, what you're okay at, and you start to compartmentalize. But if you know yourself and what you're capable of, it's just a matter of opportunity.
Our whole society is instantaneous.
Actors are inherently self-centered.
I love acting because it's empowering. It empowers me.
We've been trained since kindergarten: Be nice, be kind, share, put on a smile. So we're conditioned to squash our natural selfish instincts, and that's the right thing for society.
You don't want to be a Kardashian.
I can tell you for sure: people who are at their peak right now will not sustain that. You can't. It's against the law of nature.
People would love to be rich, but they're looking for the easy way. Who wouldn't want to win the lottery? Just to score.
The only thing that we as actors really can control is to be able to say 'yes' or 'no' to the material.
I have a lovely family who supports me and it's great.
This self-congratulatory notion Americans have that their country is Number One is borne of ignorance and bad manners.
It's up to the actor to make sure they don't get typecast.
There are far more talented people doing voice work than I.
Viewers can determine what they want to watch and what they don't want to watch.
