American,Athlete
I'd rather be a good person off the field than a good baseball player on the field.
I'm not trying to fit in with nobody. I'm just me.
You don't ever want to go out there and not be the best. You want to be the best cop that you can. Be the best writer you can be. Everybody has their goals. Everybody has their dreams.
If I had to describe myself in one word, 'Hercules.'
If you don't have dreams, you don't have a life.
I put more pressure on myself than anybody in this world.
My dad, he worked rebar, an ironworker. Watching my pops get up every single morning, going into work, working hard - I think that really made me want to work that hard, wanted to make me get up early and go for a run or get a lift in or get some extra hitting in and really try to better myself every day.
I want my teammates to know I have their backs.
I want to play the game hard. I want to ram it down your throat, put you into left field when I'm going into second base.
When I hit the ball, I do want to hurt it.
I don't wish that I was playing football. I love baseball, and the way I play is like it's my last day ever playing it. I do like football, but you've got to respect that it's not like baseball.
Seriously, it takes me, like, 30 minutes to do my hair before a game.
I love to train. Always have.
I love the way people talk crap. I hear it all the time. 'Overrated.' 'You suck.' I'll just do something to shut them up, like, 'I'll show you.'
I always wanted to be a major-league baseball player.
I eat ice cream all the time.
I want to get my eight hours and be able to eat good meals and not be sluggish or anything like that. My body is my temple, and I've always thought that.
D.C. fans, I think, are so good. They just come up to me, and they're so nice and so polite and just, 'Hey, I hope you have a great career,' and 'How are you doing, everything's good?' That's pretty much where they leave it at.
I expect perfection from myself.
Baseball needs more superstars.
People say, 'Weren't you deprived of your childhood?' No way. I would not take anything back at all. Everything about it was great. I got to go places, meet people, play baseball against older kids and better competition. I had a great time.
I don't want everybody to just see the baseball side of me.
I think I play center field better than I do anywhere else. I have enough speed and enough reaction to know where the ball goes off the bat.
I've always talked to the media. I'm pretty respectful to the media.
I think you have to be respectful to the people who want to talk to you.
I love being around my family.
