American,President
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
To live under the American Constitution is the greatest political privilege that was ever accorded to the human race.
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.
Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery.
Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion.
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.
There is no dignity quite so impressive, and no one independence quite so important, as living within your means.
Men speak of natural rights, but I challenge any one to show where in nature any rights existed or were recognized until there was established for their declaration and protection a duly promulgated body of corresponding laws.
You can't know too much, but you can say too much.
Any man who does not like dogs and want them about does not deserve to be in the White House.
The slogan 'press on' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
No man ever listened himself out of a job.
When a great many people are unable to find work, unemployment results.
We need more of the Office Desk and less of the Show Window in politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the limelight.
In the discharge of the duties of this office, there is one rule of action more important than all others. It consists in never doing anything that someone else can do for you.
Duty is not collective; it is personal.
We do not need more intellectual power, we need more spiritual power. We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen.
I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort.
When people are bewildered they tend to become credulous.
Economy is the method by which we prepare today to afford the improvements of tomorrow.
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
When large numbers of men are unable to find work, unemployment results.
After all, the chief business of the American people is business. They are profoundly concerned with producing, buying, selling, investing and prospering in the world.
The man who builds a factory builds a temple, that the man who works there worships there, and to each is due, not scorn and blame, but reverence and praise.
Never go out to meet trouble. If you just sit still, nine cases out of ten, someone will intercept it before it reaches you.
When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
Mass demand has been created almost entirely through the development of advertising.
The government of the United States is a device for maintaining in perpetuity the rights of the people, with the ultimate extinction of all privileged classes.
One with the law is a majority.
