American,Businesswoman
When you challenge other people's ideas of who or how you should be, they may try to diminish and disgrace you. It can happen in small ways in hidden places, or in big ways on a world stage. You can spend a lifetime resenting the tests, angry about the slights and the injustices. Or, you can rise above it.
We need more transparency and accountability in government so that people know how their money is being spent. That means putting budgets online, putting legislation online.
Once I dive in, I dive in all the way.
The highest calling of leadership is to challenge the status quo and unlock the potential of others. We need a leader who will lead the resurgence of this great nation and unlock its potential once again.
If a decision-making process is flawed and dysfunctional, decisions will go awry.
Life is measured in love and positive contributions and moments of grace.
Leadership comes in small acts as well as bold strokes.
Russia - having sat across the table from Vladimir Putin, it's pretty clear when you meet him that he has an almost limitless ambition for power. And he's been very good at acquiring it - political power, economic power, military power, territorial power.
The truth is, I'm proud of the life I've lived so far, and though I've made my share of mistakes, I have no regrets.
Many people see technology as the problem behind the so-called digital divide. Others see it as the solution. Technology is neither. It must operate in conjunction with business, economic, political and social system.
I'm happy to tell you that having been through surgery and chemotherapy and radiation, breast cancer is officially behind me. I feel absolutely great and I am raring to go.
When men cut jobs, they're seen as decisive. When women do, they're vindictive.
I think Donald Trump taps into an anger that I hear every day. People are angry that a commonsense thing like securing the border or ending sanctuary cities is somehow considered extreme. It's not extreme; it's common sense. We need to secure the border.
Our founders never intended us to have a professional political class.
If someone believes they are limited by their gender, race or background, they will become more limited.
You take unacceptable risk, you have to be prepared to face the consequence.
I love being a woman. I like dressing up; I love buying shoes.
Do not be afraid to make decisions, do not be afraid to make mistakes.
People's ideas and fears can make them small but they cannot make you small. People's prejudices can diminish them but they cannot diminish you. Small-minded people can think they determine your worth. But only you can determine your worth.
Look, I'm a cancer survivor, all right? So I have great personal empathy for people who have pre-existing conditions and can't get insurance.
What I think we need to do to engage the American people in a conversation about entitlement reform is to have a bipartisan group of people who come together and put every solution on the table, every alternative on the table. And then we ought to engage in a long conversation with the American people so they understand the choices.
A merger is hard to pull off under any circumstances. It's harder when everybody is against you.
The truth is in California you can't build a new manufacturing facility, and businesses are leaving in droves because of bad government policy.
Most of the media... is positioning the merger with Compaq and the recent actions by Walter Hewlett and David Packard as a fight between the past and the future.
This world is clearly emerging before our eyes. The shifts ahead, the opportunities ahead are massive.
You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut.
You do not need to have a 2,400-page bill come out of Washington, D.C.
I've traveled around the world.
Women are not all single-issue voters.
You know, Californians care about protecting their environment. So do I. But they also care about that in the context of a healthy economy.
I don't think we're going to see the price of oil going down in the near future, that's the reality.
Any work that's worth doing has its challenges as well as its opportunities. That's true if you're running a business, it's true if you're trying to help on a campaign.
There are Tea Parties, and I would say plural, in California.
Look, you need technical skills to run a company.
You know, I believe that marriage is between a man and a woman.
I certainly support civil unions.
You know, every family and every business in California knows what it means to go through tough times.
You know, I'm very proud of the large number of Hispanic endorsements that I've received.
It's the federal government's job to secure the border.
Very ugly things were said about me.
I think somehow men understand other men's need for respect differently than they understand it for a woman. I'm disappointed to have to say that, but I think it's undeniably true.
I think a strong dollar is the result of policies, but I don't think the strong dollar is in and of itself a policy.
I think bolstering free trade is a boon to the dollar.
Fiscal policy is not just, or even not even principally, the purview of the president.
Well, I've been a Republican for all of my voting life.
Well I think money has been going into political campaigns for a very long time.
I think what's fascinating is how many people are playing in politics who maybe haven't played before.
People have decided that career politicians may be part of the problem, not part of the solution.
Of course people think Washington is arrogant. It is.
What I have said to people is that I've lived the American dream, because I have.
I started out as a receptionist. I typed, I filed, I answered the phones for a little nine-person company.
If you have a line of business - I know this as a CEO - or if you have a teenager - I know this as a parent - who have a spending problem, what do you do? You quit giving them money.
Well, first, if I am fortunate enough to be elected to the U.S. Senate, it won't be a party that will have elected me. It will be the people of California.
You know, I believe that technology is the great leveler. Technology permits anybody to play. And in some ways, I think technology - it's not only a great tool for democratization, but it's a great tool for eliminating prejudice and advancing meritocracies.
You can find lots of people like you through technology, and women in particular like communities.
My goodness, my hair's been talked about by a million people, you know? It sort of goes with the territory.
Politics exist in the boardroom, as well.
When you lead change, sometimes you get arrows in your back. I mean, that's just the way the real world is.
You don't create jobs by passing bills, you create jobs by cutting taxes.
I don't take on a fight just for a fight. I don't tilt at windmills.
A boardroom is a collection of individuals, and individuals have varying motives, egos, agendas and qualifications. Sometimes the dynamics can go off track.
If values matter in an organisation, you have to be prepared to act consistently.
I think it would help tremendously to have a senator that knows where jobs come from, that knows how to create them, that knows how to bring them back and, importantly, knows what it means to manage billions of dollars' worth of expenses and cut billions of dollars' worth of expenses.
I don't give up on commitments until what I've been asked to do is clearly finished.
A woman's experience is different from a man's in virtually every respect, including how she is treated by the media.
People who don't fit the mold are treated differently than those who do.
I think when you've been a career politician for 34 years you have to run on your record.
I mean there are many people who have endorsed me that I agree with on some things and not others.
I really believe that all CEO pay should be voted on by shareholders ahead of time. Mine was.
Hillary Clinton lies about Benghazi, she lied about emails, she is still defending Planned Parenthood, and she is still her party's frontrunner.
I know more world leaders on the stage today than anyone running, with perhaps the exception of Hillary Clinton.
I didn't get a phone call from Bill Clinton before I jumped in the race ... maybe it's because I hadn't given money to the foundation or donated to his wife's senate race.
2016 is going to be a fight. A fight between conservatism and a Democrat Party that is undermining the very character of our nation.
Whatever your issue, your cause, the festering problem you thought would be resolved - the political class has failed you.
We need to be very well aware of the fact that China and Russia are using technology to attack us, just as ISIS is using technology to recruit those who would murder American citizens.
I learned long ago that the most effective way to compete is to play your own game, and I've been competing with men my whole life.
I understand how the economy actually works.
I think 4 percent growth is a good goal. And I think the fact that we have become used to an economy that sort of putt putts along between 1 and 2 percent is sort of tragic.
Crony capitalism is alive and well: the big are bigger, the wealthy are getting wealthier because, with a very large powerful complicated government, which is what we have and which Democrats want more of, only the big, the powerful, the wealthy and the well connected can survive.
The truth is, Hillary Clinton's ideas create more income inequality. Why? Because bigger government creates crony capitalism. When you have a 70,000 page tax code, you've got to be very wealthy, very powerful, very well connected to dig your way through that tax code.
Like Hillary Clinton, I, too, have traveled hundreds of thousands of miles around the globe. But unlike Mrs. Clinton, I know that flying is an activity, not an accomplishment.
We can rebuild an alliance to fight ISIS, but we have to lead, and we have to give our allies what they are asking us to do. We do not have to march off to war, but we have to help our allies fight a war which we need them to win.
I'm a pro-life candidate because I believe that science is proving us right every day.
The Democratic policy is any abortion, any time, for any reason at any point in a woman's pregnancy, right up until the last minute, to be paid by taxpayers. Barbara Boxer described this policy as, 'It's not a life until it leaves the hospital.'
When it turns out that you were supposed to be disclosing all these foreign government donations to the Clinton Global Initiative while you were Secretary of State, and you didn't, and now the Clinton Global Initiative is having to restate their 990s, that doesn't sound very trustworthy to me.
I understand how bureaucracies work. And that's important because our government has become a vast, huge, bloated, corrupt bureaucracy.
You know, the truth is this: it is a leader's job to challenge the status quo. And when you do, you make enemies.
Every job is important because each one represents an American's livelihood and ability to raise a family. Yet spending our time building walls around America will do nothing to help us compete for the millions of new jobs being created.
That's the thing about business. Facts and numbers and results actually count. It's not just about words as it is in politics.
