American,Actress
I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart.
I love kids. I just love kids. They put you in a good mood and they are so full of life.
I have a constant sweet tooth, so I like anything from the bakery, like cupcakes, cookies.
I love to go get fireworks, even though some of them are illegal.
Dinner is a great first date. Don't believe that stuff about girls not wanting to eat on a first date - sharing a romantic meal is so sexy.
For some reason if we hear 100 praises and one criticism, we focus on that one hurtful thing.
If you think about it now, it's kind of ridiculous. All these hot girls on Baywatch in tiny little red bathing suits running around saving lives.
Dancing is my number one love. That was my first goal as a child. I would love to do stage, maybe do Chicago. I love being in front of an audience. It's so stimulating. I also love to barbecue.
I'm more attracted to a stronger man rather than a feminine man. Someone who would just throw me down and take control. I love feeling helpless. I definitely like a man who is aggressive and confident.
People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to 'The Art of Happiness' by the Dalai Lama.
I don't find any presidents all that sexy. They're not very rock'n'roll.
I love doing comedy - I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious.
I was performing in this burlesque group, and we would go to dance rehearsals every day. You'd use every part of your body. Even though some of it is slow, it takes a lot of muscle to be able to dip down and come back up.
I went to the Performing Arts School and studied classical ballet. That attitude is something that's put into your head. You are never thin enough.
I would love to do more music, definitely. That is my true passion. Dance is first and then music.
If you don't have a valentine, hang out with your girlfriends, don't go looking for someone. When it's right, they'll come to you.
No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy.
Other people's perspective, just seeing the sexy image, might be that I take my sexuality very seriously. But I really don't. I like being sexy. It's fun, and I have had a nice little career off it.
With Aerobic Strip Tease, you can do it at home - it makes it easier for women that don't want to go to the gym.
I think it's sexy when someone makes a statement that says, 'This is who I am. This is what I think is sexy.'
I know I'm not perfect.
Laughing makes everything easier.
If you are thinking every day, 'I have to get to the gym' and 'I have to lose this weight,' and that's all you think about and you obsess over it, it's not healthy.
For some reason I only crave fruit when I'm in a tropical place - if it's really hot in the summer or if I go to a tropical island for work. But otherwise I really don't crave it.
I'm an eight hours kind of sleeper, so I definitely try to schedule that in.
Everyone has different layers to who they are.
