American,Comedian
Just be your authentic self because there's nothing sexier or more beautiful than that.
My father was a really funny guy. He lived a good long life. And he was the reason I wanted to be funny and become a comedian and a comedy writer, so to say that he's somewhat of a mythic figure in my life would be an understatement.
I'm always a big fan of if you approach somebody politely about something and you're not a nudge - you're just pretty honest and simple, my kind of philosophy is that I'm not afraid of 'no,' and that's way different than 'I won't take no for an answer.'
I'm not into working out. My philosophy: No pain, no pain.
I think what I would say to my younger self, and probably to younger, just starting-out writers is that a lot of times you're just afraid to put yourself out there, and it's uncomfortable because it's working up the courage to do something, to push yourself to do those things.
There are so many opportunities that I could've gotten before if I had just took a little more of a risk.
I'm not afraid of putting myself out there to someone and then them passing on it. At least you could have gotten a 'yes.' So it's worthwhile to have the cojones to do it.
My kind of gay is like the late-breaking-lesbian kind of gay.
My kind of gay, meeting a woman and falling in love, is a different experience because it wasn't anything about 'Oh, I've always been gay and I'm breaking the chains.'
I never thought I was going to have children. I just thought after 45, that was it.
I feel I've always got to keep my stand-up because I never want to lose it.
My father was a huge influence on me.
There were very few women comics when I started out doing stand-up. But I always saw that as a great advantage.
I always say to women, 'Take advantage of the fact that you're in the minority, don't see it as a disadvantage. You're that much more unique when there's fewer of you.'
I cried when I turned 34 for no other reason than 34 sounded old to me at the time.
I've seen too many comics who got their own shows and were undone because they worked for an executive producer who didn't understand their comedy or their sensibility.
As a writer, the worst thing you can do is work in an environment of fear of rejection.
I suddenly had this really mad desire to have an affair with a woman. I was divorced. I was childless. I figured there's got to be one more way to really tick off my mom.
All my other relationships with men, there was so much maneuvering and strategic decisions and stuff.
My father was the kind of guy who'd always say 'Throw out any subject and I got a joke on it.'
My father was the king of the joke-tellers. I was so impressed as a child watching him, holding people in rapt attention.
My stand-up act is very clean.
Honestly, so much of my book is about the best things in my life have happened since I'm 40.
Obviously, at this age, I've lost people in my life. But with a parent, it's just different. I was very attached to my father and had this naive little-girl notion that he'd always be around. So I'm finding acceptance of my father's death is the hardest thing to accept.
