American,Actress
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
We don't stop going to school when we graduate.
Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.
You have to go through the falling down in order to learn to walk. It helps to know that you can survive it. That's an education in itself.
Everybody I know who is funny, it's in them. You can teach timing, or some people are able to tell a joke, though I don't like to tell jokes. But I think you have to be born with a sense of humor and a sense of timing.
I'm so happy with what has happened in my life.
When things are a disappointment, try not to be so discouraged.
Comedy is tragedy - plus time.
I never regretted turning down anything, I never regretted losing a job because I always felt something else was out there.
It's also selfish because it makes you feel good when you help others. I've been helped by acts of kindness from strangers. That's why we're here, after all, to help others.
I love the writing. I love the idea of typing and seeing it on the computer and printing it out myself and, you know, moving sentences around. I like that.
Just scream! You vent, and the body just feels good after a good old yell.
Because nobody goes through life without a scar.
I love to write. I have always loved writing. That was my first love.
Funny is funny. I dare anyone to look at Tim Conway and Harvey Korman doing the dentist sketch, which is more than 40 years old, and not scream with laughter.
My grandmother and I would go see movies, and we'd come back to the apartment - we had a one-room apartment in Hollywood - and I would kind of lock myself in this little dressing room area with a cracked mirror on the door and act out what I had just seen.
My preference is for people who can do sketch comedy or situational comedy, where it's not a joke, but it's telling a story.
I'm not always optimistic. You wouldn't have all cylinders cooking if you were always like Mary Poppins.
Ask anyone who's successful how they got there, you're going to hear a different story.
I'm really not that funny in real life! But I am the best audience one could find. I love to laugh.
When I went to New York to try and make it, I never thought it wouldn't happen.
My grandmother and I followed my mother here, to a house a block north of Hollywood Boulevard but a million miles away from Hollywood, if you know what I mean. We would hang out behind the ropes and look at the movie stars arriving at the premieres.
We all get where we're going by circuitous journeys, and some of the setbacks are warranted.
But I didn't ask to have somebody nose around in my private life. I didn't even ask to be famous. All I asked was to be able to earn a living making people laugh.
Adolescence is just one big walking pimple.
I am not a person who yells at all, but I realized that I have always felt so good after doing the Tarzan yell, after doing Charo, or screaming as Eunice.
My favourite comedian, of course, is Tim Conway. He has a way about him - being that belly-laugh kind of funny, and he has the improvisational skills, too. I've never seen anybody better.
My favorite is doing the television show, as a variety show, every week. If the show wasn't that great one week, we could always come back and apologize, you know?
Celebrity was a long time in coming; it will go away. Everything goes away.
I don't have false teeth. Do you think I'd buy teeth like these?
Originally, I came from Texas, and we lived on - I guess you'd call it welfare, what we called relief.
Well, I don't know how astute I am, but I did want to be a journalist when I was growing up.
You know, one wonderful thing that came out of my Enquirer experience is that, in my case, it was ruled tabloids are magazines. Which means they didn't have the protection that a newspaper has.
My interesting diet tips are eat early and don't nosh between meals. I mean, I can pack it away.
I don't eat much meat, fish, or poultry.
I was once asked to do my Tarzan yell at Bergdorf Goodman, and a guard burst in with a gun! Now I only do it under controlled circumstances.
I can't tell a joke to save my soul. It's just not my thing, though I love to listen to jokes.
In '57, I got a job at the Blue Angel nightclub, and a gentleman named Ken Welch wrote all my material for me. I lived at a place called the Rehearsal Club that was actually the basis for a play called Stage Door.
I had a good loud voice and I wasn't afraid to be goofy or zany.
I have a great memory.
My childhood was rough, we were poor and my parents were alcoholics, but nobody was mean. I knew I was loved. We were on welfare, but I never felt abandoned or unloved.
I had it in my contract with CBS, a very weird clause that was never written before and certainly not since, that if I wanted to do a variety show within the first five years of the contract, CBS would have to put it on for 30 shows.
I struggled for a while, but when I was cast in an Off Broadway show called 'Once Upon a Mattress,' that kind of put me on the map.
I do think there are some great female comics: Tina Fey, Amy Poehler, Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph. They're the whole ball of wax.
When I left 'The Garry Moore Show,' I signed a 10-year contract with CBS.
Edgy is fine - I'm not a prude by any stretch of the imagination - but what's wrong with a good ol' belly laugh? I miss that.
I'm into 'House of Cards.' 'Breaking Bad' - my God, did I binge on that!
Steve Martin in 'All of Me,' when he did that whole thing where he was possessed by the spirit in his body? It was brilliant.
If I go to a party, I'm not one to be the funniest person in the room at all.
I'm hooked on Glenn Close in 'Damages.'
I loved the Kennedy Center Honors because you just sit there, smile, wave, and cry.
You have to really want it, and don't take it personally if you don't get a job. Because sometimes you're not the type. And sometimes it's somebody else's turn.
I prefer doing TV, where it can be different every time.
I was raised going to the movies with my grandmother as a kid. And then I'd come home, and my best friend and I would act out the films that we saw.
I come from Texas, and my grandmother and mother were born in Arkansas.
Kristin Wiig I think is brilliant.
I love Maya Rudolph. She's very multitalented herself.
My first book was an open letter to my three daughters.
I have an iPhone, and I can text, and I can use the phone, and I can even take pictures with it.
I really enjoy connecting with the audience.
Jimmy Stewart and Lucille Ball were so unique.
It's not a bad thing to be able to do many things onstage. If you're an entertainer, you should be able to entertain. I'm proud to say that I'm not a one-trick pony.
I love audiences.
I'm like your mother, your sister, whatever.
I was very entertained by Betty Grable and Judy Garland.
I didn't really get comfortable until I got to UCLA, and I had to take an acting course because I was studying theater arts.
I love 'Modern Family.' And I love 'Glee' - the singing, the music - Jane Lynch just kills me.
I've always been optimistic. And I have a feeling that it happened because of going to all those movies with my grandmother in the '40s because there was no cynicism.
I never felt cynical, and I never felt that I couldn't do what I wanted to do.
I was in California, and I was going to UCLA, and I knew I certainly didn't have movie star looks. I remember seeing pictures and photos of Ethel Merman and Mary Martin, who were kind of average looking. I said, 'Well, that's for me, then, to go back to New York and try to be in musical comedy on Broadway.'
I don't watch sitcoms. I really don't. My problem with them is they take so long to film them that there's no spontaneity. I want to see that.
I had always been quiet and studious in school. I was the high school editor of the newspaper.
When I was in college at UCLA, I took a playwriting course. I was all set to be a writer. But I had to take this acting class as a theater arts major. I had to do this scene in a one-act comedy. I just said this line, and then... this laugh happened. I thought, 'Whoa. This is a really good feeling. What have I been missing?'
