American,Celebrity
In terms of my marriage, you know, falling in love with my husband was by far the best thing that's ever happened to me.
When you make the right decision, it doesn't really matter what anyone else thinks.
The bedrock of our democracy is the rule of law and that means we have to have an independent judiciary, judges who can make decisions independent of the political winds that are blowing.
It is not easy to stand up against your constituents or your friends or colleagues or your community and take a tough stand for something you believe is right. Because you always want to keep working and live to fight another battle and it might cost you your career.
Sharing the holiday with other people, and feeling that you're giving of yourself, gets you past all the commercialism.
I think my mother... made it clear that you have to live life by your own terms and you have to not worry about what other people think and you have to have the courage to do the unexpected.
As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency.
John and I were lucky because our mother was a strong woman with high expectations and a strong sense of values. She encouraged us to pursue things we were interested in and not think about what other people wanted us to do.
One of the greatest gifts my brother and I received from my mother was her love of literature and language. With their boundless energy, libraries open the door to these worlds and so many others. I urge young and old alike to embrace all that libraries have to offer.
Growing up in politics I know that women decide all elections because we do all the work.
Change isn't easy, it takes time.
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us.
In a funny way, poems are suited to modern life. They're short, they're intense. Nobody has time to read a 700-page book. People read magazines, and a poem takes less time than an article.
I enjoy writing. I enjoy that kind of process.
I feel like my grandparents and parents gave me a tremendous amount. And if I can pass some of that on, then I'll be very happy.
I can see both sides of term limits, and I think, in different positions, term limits make more sense than in some others.
After my mom died, there was so much written about her fashion and her style and all that, and I felt that one of the most important parts of her was missing, her real intellectual curiosity.
I never thought I'd be doing poetry books. I never really studied poetry. But the first one I did was after my mother died, and I realized that people sort of think and talk about her style and fashion, but in fact, what made her the person she was was really her love of reading and ideas.
The happiest years of my mother's life were spent in Washington, D.C. It was where she met my father, where John was born and where I spent my earliest years.
We need a President who is not afraid of complexity, who believes in an open and tolerant society, and who knows that the world can be made new again - and that President is Al Gore.
I grew up in a household where reading was encouraged. My mother believed in the power of words, and my father obviously did too.
I think that the presidency really brings out the best in a lot of people.
I have a lifelong devotion to public service.
It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.
You have to remind kids to stay connected to the meaning of Christmas. Sometimes it takes a little bit of effort, but it's so worth it.
Education was the most important value in our home when I was growing up. People don't always realize that my parents shared a sense of intellectual curiosity and a love of reading and of history.
I think one of my father's great legacies is the people that he inspired and the generation that he inspired transformed America through civil rights, women's rights, equal justice, and they've passed that on to their children and grandchildren.
