American,Comedian
I'd love to be animated. I've always wanted to jump off of a bridge and not be hurt, like Bugs Bunny.
I've got the long hair and kind of androgynous look. It's love-hate; it's sexy, but not sexy. So it's either you get it or you don't.
My way of fitting in was through jokes and making people laugh.
It's weird, I never wish anything bad upon anybody, except two or three old girlfriends.
I never looked at Gallagher like he was a threat to me.
People do give me a hard time about my hair because it's orange and it's big.
So I try not to look too far into the future because I think that everything happens and will happen for a reason.
My real name is Scott Thompson. I could have gone by that name, but when I started doing comedy I thought I needed to go by something that has a little more of a hook.
On the weekends, I would go down and play these clubs in Key West or West Palm Beach or surrounding areas of Florida and then I'd go back to school for the week.
I had a Neighborhood Crime Watch sign in my dorm wall in college. People would come in and laugh at it. 'Where did you get it?' 'I took it. How good is their Neighborhood Crime Watch if they can't even watch their sign?'
When I told my friends I was going to be a comedian, they laughed at me.
Carrot Top is a nickname that people call me and I thought that it was more marketable.
Comics don't like to see other comics do well.
I always make fun of KISS because I don't particularly think their music is anything.
I always thought marketing in general was an interesting kind of thing. I always liked commercials and billboards.
I didn't really have a plan of attack when I got in college.
I think it's the fact that I do something different and that I actually have some success with it. That bothers a lot of people... especially comics.
I think the more you do this and the more comfortable you become on stage, you start speaking more and becoming more of a character in yourself.
I think, over the years, I've kind of evolved.
I was the class clown at school, but at home, my family wasn't very funny.
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
Like I told Howard, I can't help it that I'm beautiful.
My way of making people like me was to make 'em laugh.
People always want to put a label on you; they always want to compare you to something.
The blessing is that everyone knows who I am because of the commercials.
There's nothing wrong with trying to reach out to new fans.
