American,Musician
If I shave, I don't have a chin anymore.
My favorite type of music to sing to would be rock and roll, Tenacious D, Led Zeppelin, some Queen - I love all of them. I love singing to them because they're all just great voices. I love listening to very obscure jazz.
I love listening to Radio Head's 'Everything in its Right Place' because it's all major chords, it makes you feel really good. It's soothing, it's got a beautiful voice, crazy textures. When I'm down I listen to that song and it really makes me feel good.
If my life was a song it would be 'Who Let The Dogs Out'.
I love making music, I love composing on my computer, just making crazy ethnic slack orchestral tracks, that's one of my fun things.
If you're a good singer, you're going to make anything sound good.
In my spare time I like watching TV, laying on the couch, just chillin'.
I'm a car singer, in fact sometimes I pretend to take my dog out for a walk, and I'll just drive him around and start singin'.
I had no idea I could make it this far. And the fact that they told me I made it this far and that America is going to vote for me, I freaked out.
You know I want to sing for people, I want to jazz people up I want to make new music that they've never heard.
There's got to be a backbone, there's got to be a skeleton to the whole way I perform, but you never want to hit the same note twice during a performance, I think. I think it's always got to be fresh so it doesn't bore me, and I always want to go out on edge.
I hope America sees I am a goofy guy andI'm kind a crazy, I hope they see that I am a musician aswell, that I have music all around my body - I'm just exfoliating music, and I just hope America sees that.
I consider myself a bassist first.
I have musical ADD, so I like to switch things up.
Whenever I'm feeling kind of down or something like that, or even good, the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen is a go-to song of mine. It's like watching a movie, but with your ears.
I like kissing people because it's funny.
I feel like there's no subject that can't be sung about. I wrote a song dedicated to people with inflammatory bowel disease, and then I wrote about shoes. And mangoes. Every rock should be turned.
What I really like doing is taking risks, musically.
