American,Comedian
I'm not high maintenance, and I'm not into a highly manicured man. I don't want to see a lot of hair product.
I grew up on 'S.N.L.,' doing all the sketches on the playground.
There's so much more bad information than good information out there - everybody's got something to say and it's usually wrong.
I think of myself as kind of a hippy. Everyone around me says that's not the impression they get. They think I'm sassy. Apparently, I think I'm nicer than I really am.
I do Twitter, but I'm still not great on it - I'm not good at writing short little jokes, so my Twitter's not really a jokey thing.
I like Instagram - I love pictures, I just don't take them very often.
I always feel the most validated and confident being around people that I find funny - having Fred Armisen laugh at a scene or Bill Hader or Seth Meyers give me a compliment.
I've never been an impressionist. I was doing Sofia Vergara and Elizabeth Dole. I'm sometimes so low-confidence and self-aware, so characters that are confident and ignorant and wrong are my favorite.
People have confused playing devil's advocate with being intelligent.
I love people who aren't embarrassed. I'm always embarrassed, so it's always astonishing to me when people aren't like that.
Food can be mean to me, but I love it anyway.
I'd like to be reincarnated as a French tart. They're so beautiful and delicate - they're like my opposite. I'm more of a comfort food: goat cheese with garlic.
I'm generally happier and more easy going when it's warm outside.
There have been some terrible winters in Chicago, where it feels like I'm literally being punched in the face, and everyone walks around looking stunned like they've just witnessed a murder.
When I write on 'SNL,' I've found I'm most productive while collaborating and joking with friends and not being firmly attached to any one idea.
I actually graduated from the Chicago Academy for the Arts. I think John Cusack did as well.
My parents are really funny. Laughter was a big part of my childhood. Of course, they tell a lot of bad jokes - but so do I. I tell a lot of bad jokes.
I was voted funniest person in my middle-school yearbook. So I guess I was funny in middle school?
It sounds so cliched, but I've always been kind of different. I always liked being around weird kids.
My drama instructor suggested I try comedy. I was resistant at first because I considered myself a serious actor, but of course I fell in love with it.
You have to put work into relationships to keep them fun.
