American,Businessman
We want to demystify the rocket science and break it down for people so they can understand what is really going on and what the real opportunities are.
Engineers and scientists often discount the difficulty of getting an innovation out into the market. For the innovations that stick, it all comes down to the CEO and the team. It's a sales job.
Deployable structures have a key role to play in enabling new satellite constellations, particularly with regards to size and weight constraints, and Oxford Space Systems' suite of products will allow their customers to build much greater capability into much smaller satellites.
Space is a high-tech industry, but we're still looking for really great teams, really big bold ideas, people that can work effectively in a dynamic landscape. We're looking for people with ambitious business plans but a practical route to near-term revenue.
If you can launch from the moon... it doesn't take much fuel or energy to get anywhere, so you can basically explore the solar system from that point.
I think that the investors and members of Space Angels that are getting involved in this... see it as getting in at the ground floor of a new industry. They're really looking to invest in the next Microsoft while it's still a group of guys sitting around a computer lab.
There's a lot of interest from VCs in the terrestrial markets because those are existing markets that are being disrupted.
In the past, the government would have been a space company's customer. Now, they might have the government as a customer for some of their data but other private customers as well. Then they might buy parts from another space company.
The exploratory science that NASA is doing translates to private-sector activity eventually.
Space is a long game.
Space is a horizontal that cuts across lots of different industries. It's just a different place of doing business.
As we see it, there are three elements necessary to create a thriving entrepreneurial space sector: (i) technical heritage and expertise; (ii) a mature early-stage startup ecosystem; and (iii) government willingness to adapt and reform.
L.A.'s got something different that nobody can compete with. They've got a fantastic desert and an operational spaceport.
As an investor, what you really want to look for is things that are pushing boundaries: things that might seem fantastical to some, that are developing technology that's an order of magnitude better than anything else or is creating an entirely new market.
There are a lot of successful business people out there who have a strong interest in space. That's part of the idea behind our network is to bring those people together, bring the best deals forward, and make sure those deals get the investment they need.
Entrepreneurs are finding ways to do a lot more with a lot less. We're saying to entrepreneurs, 'Raise a small amount of seed money and do an incredible amount with it, get customers, and move on to build bigger businesses.'
As long as it's within space, we are focused on it: anything from launchers to satellites, ground stations and networks to the data applications that come on the back of that, to asteroid mining, planetary resources, you name it.
If you want that technology to be used, get out to customers and build a business. It's a sales job, and you need to be able to sell. And you also need to be able to manage and grow the company. From an investor's perspective, that's what we're looking for.
We are seeing more space business plans that resemble conventional business plans, which have all the fundamentals there - are customer focused, have structured, long-term business models and revenue generating strategies - and that's playing out well with investors.
Investors can find the sector intimidating - it is 'rocket science' after all - but there are quality business models in space that have a lot in common with good business models in other industries.
While it is true that VC investment spiked in 2015 and that 2016 will likely be lower, the amount of VC investment into the space sector in 2016 is still already higher than any other previous year on record as of September.
At Space Angels Network, we leverage our global network, online platform, and industry focus to bring commercial space entrepreneurs and investors together.
Our partnership with delta-V will provide access to a new stream of quality deal flow in the Asia Pacific, which is expected to be a very large market for space in the future.
We're looking for companies that can provide returns in a five- to seven-year timeframe.
If you're talking about starting a satellite company, the bar for that has become incredibly low over the past few years. You can create your own satellite for tens of thousands of dollars and get them launched in a relatively short time frame.
