American,Athlete
I dream big. I think big. I try to go out and do it as big as I can.
You need to keep looking forward; don't ever look back.
It's a great honor to be an Under Armour All-American and to follow in the fast-growing tradition of this game. It's a great opportunity to spend the New Year in Florida, which is going to be a little warmer than Buffalo.
I have confidence in my players around me - my offensive line, my running backs, my wide receivers, and the defense and special teams.
I feel as if we have the best team in the country. You've got to have that feeling.
I want to be remembered as the greatest quarterback who ever played. You have to go out and prove it first, and then you have to go out and work hard.
In order to get to where I want to be, I have to do the right things off the field, first.
I have to just come to work every single day. That's not just on the field but off the field, because you have little kids looking up to you; your face is the face of this franchise and this university. You have to understand that every decision that you make is going to be criticized.
Everybody's watching when you're the quarterback. The other players see how much you want it.
That's what I love the most about being a quarterback. Everybody looks to you to make a play. They look to you to say something that's going to spark the team. I take full pride in that every single day.
The thing we all know is that you can't take a day off... in anything. If you do, the next thing you know, it can all be taken away from you just like that.
I know people still have questions about me. They still have questions about Ole Miss, whether we belong. With that feeling, you keep a chip on your shoulder that you want to prove to people that we are the best.
It's a dream come true. I mean, when I was a kid, I used to dream about playing college football one day, and now I'm playing in the best conference, and I truly believe that.
You just have to keep coming to work in order to be the best.
You've got to bring it. You've got to make sure people feel the energy you're trying to bring to the game.
I don't take anything for granted.
I have to give all praise to the Man above, because I never gave up on Him, and He never gave up on me.
I wanted to be in the situation where I could have a chance to go to the NFL and be a great quarterback and take care of my family.
People have sacrificed more to make me be happy than I could ever dream of.
I feel like I have been able to rewrite my story to some extent. But I feel like there is a lot of work to be done.
If you're the quarterback and want to be the best on the field, you've got to act like it.
Everything happens for a reason. But I would love to still be at Clemson.
I've learned to keep a lot of stuff to myself.
I've learned to keep your mouth shut even when something bad is going on. You never know how someone is going to take something you say. You have to bite the bullet.
You know, the less you say, the more they wonder.
I wanted to win an SEC championship and a national championship. Those are the main goals.
