American,Politician
A quality education grants us the ability to fight the war on ignorance and poverty.
Since we replaced the compulsory military draft with an all-volunteer force in 1973, our nation has been making decisions about wars without worry over who fights them. I sincerely believe that reinstating the draft would compel the American public to have a stake in the wars we fight as a nation.
The Klan had used fear, intimidation and murder to brutally oppress over African-Americans who sought justice and equality and it sought to respond to the young workers of the civil rights movement in Mississippi in the same way.
Respecting our veterans includes providing them the ways and means they so desperately need to reintegrate into our lives and serve us again as productive members of our civilian community.
Since the Korean War, U.S. and South Korea have established an enduring friendship with shared interests, such as denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula, combating aggression abroad and developing our economies.
Encouragement of higher education for our youth is critical to the success of our collective future.
As a Korean War veteran, I know firsthand and understand the sacrifices made by our men and women in uniform.
Regardless of the nature of their crime or any rehabilitation that may have occurred, these ex-felons cannot participate in the decision-making process of this great Nation.
Thousands of people may have been killed by hurricane Katrina and many more could die in its aftermath because of the President's refusal to heed the calls of governors for help in repairing the infrastructure in their states.
Immigrants have faced huge obstacles to achieving the American Dream, yet have persevered to overcome them.
It's morally wrong, and economically self-defeating, that so much wealth flows upwards towards the richest of Americans, while millions work full time but still can't provide for their families.
I think that, as Americans, we should never forget that when we tamper with freedom of speech, it is a very sensitive issue that affects all of our constitutional rights and privileges.
Since most American students cannot simply pay their full tuition out of pocket, financing a college education often takes the form of loans, both private and from the government.
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was indeed a vital instrument of democracy, ensuring the integrity and reliability of a democratic process that we as a Country hold so dear.
I, for one, would think both about how far we have come as a country and how much further we need to go to erase racism and discrimination from our society.
It is without doubt that freedoms of the press and speech need to be protected, but there are undisputed limits to these freedoms, limits that often come into play when national security is threatened.
I am a firm believer that upon release, ex-offenders should be afforded a second chance to become productive citizens by providing rehabilitation and education that will help them join the workforce.
Dr. King's famous 'I Have a Dream' speech was delivered at 'The March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom,' a call to justice beyond the traditional civil rights movement's focus.
I authored the Universal National Service Act because I believe that everyone in America should contribute to the greater good of America.
Living in New York City, I am reminded by the Statue of Liberty that the United States of America has always welcomed those yearning to breathe free and seek a better life.
Meanwhile, our young men and women whose economic circumstances make military service a viable career choice are dying bravely in a war with no end in sight.
I applaud President Obama for launching his 'My Brother's Keeper' initiative that is aimed to empower our youth to achieve success.
In various fields, such as science, technology, sports, business and the arts, immigrants enrich our culture every single day.
I went to college and law school with the help of the GI Bill. That experience moved me so much, I dedicated the rest of my life to serving this great country and helping others succeed.
As a member of Congress, I believe Congress must provide oversight of actions by the Executive Branch as our system of checks and balances requires.
A greater tax deduction for students is not a handout. On the contrary, it helps those who are willing to meet the challenges of higher education to invest in our collective future.
The people who couldn't get out of New Orleans to escape the storm were predominantly Black.
Now is the time for the U.S. and the nations of Western Europe who engaged in the slave trade throughout this hemisphere to come forward in a positive way to assist in undoing the harm that was caused by their past colonial policies in the hemisphere.
As a nation we should commit ourselves not only to the fight against terrorism, but to economic justice, defeat of the AIDS epidemic and vestiges of discriminatory policies of all kinds.
Without question, conditions in the Haiti are worse since Aristide's removal, and continue to deteriorate.
We love the ability of the people to influence the actions of decision-makers, of lawmakers and presidents to be removed from or elevated to office by the will of voters, and of the community to connect amongst diverse populations through the ballot box.
If we believe in our current penal process, then the penalties imposed by judges and juries should be the only sanctions for one's crime, not the invisible sanctions of the legislature.
The challenges African-Americans are facing today are rooted in the system of slavery.
I'm in the kitchen and I'm not walking out.
If you are spending too much, you cut back on spending and you raise your revenues. And that's it.
I don't know whether the number of any particular Latino group has made or will make any particular difference in the issues that I am concerned with.
If you got problems like unemployment, Social Security, Medicaid, Medicare and there's a guy that's always been there for you and for your family, then you say 'He's a nice guy. I don't know where he came from or how long he's been here, but Charlie Rangel's the man.' That's what I'm relying on.
No one looks forward to a recount.
For a member to say, 'I'm a lame duck' violates political science 101.
I don't want to respond to rumors that have no basis at all... But I am willing to respond to questions that the public and the press should know.
I am running for re-election no matter who runs.
I've been beat up pretty badly. Pretty badly. Yet at the end of the day, everyone says I'm doing a pretty good job.
I have a record that I'm so very, very proud of, and no campaign is going to take that away.
My father was absolutely no good.
If there's no relationship with a father who's absent, nobody talks about it.
Of course things get stagnant; people get too used to their environment, but that's why I'm in my district every week, at meetings with my constituents.
I'm just glad that my community has faith and confidence in me.
The victor will be the one who gets the most voters out.
I feel terrific.
Reapportionment is not friendly to a lot of communities and it hasn't been too friendly to mine.
What are we Democrats fighting for? We are not fighting for salvation and going to heaven. But we are fighting for Medicaid, Medicare, health care, education, jobs, helping old folks.
We can't have Harlem become one borough for the rich.
Our nation has come so far since 1968 when Dr. King was assassinated, but I know we can do better to achieve The Dream, and that is why I keep marching on.
America's legacy has been crafted by generations of hard-working men and women who moved to the United States from all over the globe to pursue their dreams.
I am proud to represent New York's 13th Congressional District, which has one of the largest and diverse populations in the country.
When thousands of men and women work full time but need food stamps to put food on their tables, when they can't get health benefits, when they can't get paid sick days, then we must do whatever we can to stand up for them.
Those of us in the Congress must confront and overcome Republican intransigence to increasing the minimum wage, extending unemployment insurance and protecting food stamps.
After the threat of war is gone, we should not turn our backs on the men and women who eliminated that threat. We should embrace them and keep our promises we made to them.
I still remember March 31, 1981, when a deeply disturbed John Hinckley Jr. took aim at President Ronald Reagan and fired shots that hospitalized the Commander-in-Chief and two others, and left his Press Secretary James Brady paralyzed for life.
We must urge a national dialogue on better methods of curbing preventable gun violence, and address the need for mental health awareness and access to psychiatric services in this country.
So many deaths could be prevented if measures were implemented to expand background checks and keep individuals like John Hinckley from ever buying firearms in the first place.
Supporting mental wellness is crucial to any goal of decreasing gun violence in America.
As a veteran, I know firsthand the satisfaction there is in defending the democracy you so strongly believe in, but I can also attest to the trauma encountered from combat on the battlefield.
I proudly served in the United States Army during the Korean War as an artillery operations specialist in the all-black 503rd Field Artillery Battalion in the Second Infantry Division.
The U.S. Congress can do a lot to support America's workplaces and the family. By working together in a bipartisan fashion, we can ensure our constituents get jobs they need while helping employers make smart decisions about their workforce.
No one should go into debt if a family member gets sick or injured.
When people are healthy and not hungry, they are stronger workers building a robust economy.
Since coming to Congress in 1971, I have been fighting to help create an environment where the goals of the National Work and the Family Month can become a reality.
The Affordable Care Act has been designed to provide health security by driving competition, lowering premiums, and protecting families.
I've been around Congress long enough to know there are issues we may never see eye-to-eye from the opposite aisle, but we should all agree that our job is to move America forward and benefit the people.
No American should live in fear of going to work or sending their kids to school. Let's end the fear. Let's enforce existing gun laws.
Under Saddam Hussein, the nation of Iraq possessed and used chemical weapons against both their own Kurdish population and Iranian military forces.
As a Korean War Veteran, I know too well the troubling nature of war. This is why I will always support a diplomatic answer before military intervention.
The world has placed chemical, biological and nuclear weapons in a separate category because their use constitutes a crime against all humanity.
To honor the legacy of veterans and the democratic principles they fought for, I am glad that I introduced the Korean War Veterans Recognition Act which was enacted in 2009.
In the battle of Kunu-ri, more than 5,000 American soldiers were killed, wounded or taken as prisoners of war. Ninety percent of my unit was killed.
The right to vote should be considered sacred in our democracy.
Liberty and security are often in direct confrontation and must be balanced in a way that protects us without destroying what is worth protecting.
From leading the world into the age of democracy to spearheading the technological revolution, America has always been at the forefront of greatness.
As every American who has ever received a paycheck is aware, the amount of money earned and the amount actually brought home are not the same.
As the wealthiest nation on Earth, we have made a commitment to provide health care for those over 65. In order to pay for this, each of us should contribute the same, flat percentage of our earned income.
Since January 2003, at the height of the debate on the possible unilateral strike against Iraq, I have advocated for a reinstatement of the military draft to ensure a more equitable representation of people making sacrifices in wars in which the United States is engaged.
Whether you are Republican or Democrat or liberal or conservative, we should never, never, never allow ourselves emotionally to interfere with another person's right to express themselves.
I really think that most people around the world know how well-intended Americans are.
Since the enactment of the War Powers Act in 1973, which I supported then and support now, Congress has been reluctant to assert its authority when presidents decide to send American soldiers into harm's way.
