American,Inventor
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
One fails forward toward success.
Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress.
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
No one would have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm.
There exist limitless opportunities in every industry. Where there is an open mind, there will always be a frontier.
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
The only difference between a problem and a solution is that people understand the solution.
A problem well stated is a problem half-solved.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Keep on going and the chances are you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone stumbling on something sitting down.
Knowing is not understanding. There is a great difference between knowing and understanding: you can know a lot about something and not really understand it.
You can be sincere and still be stupid.
We need to teach the highly educated man that it is not a disgrace to fail and that he must analyze every failure to find its cause. He must learn how to fail intelligently, for failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
My definition of an educated man is the fellow who knows the right thing to do at the time it has to be done. You can be sincere and still be stupid.
People are very open-minded about new things - as long as they're exactly like the old ones.
It doesn't matter if you try and try and try again, and fail. It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again.
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail.
We should all be concerned about the future because we will have to spend the rest of our lives there.
The opportunities of man are limited only by his imagination. But so few have imagination that there are ten thousand fiddlers to one composer.
There will always be a frontier where there is an open mind and a willing hand.
An inventor fails 999 times, and if he succeeds once, he's in. He treats his failures simply as practice shots.
An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously.
Thinking is one thing no one has ever been able to tax.
In America we can say what we think, and even if we can't think, we can say it anyhow.
