American,Aviator
If I had to choose, I would rather have birds than airplanes.
Life is like a landscape. You live in the midst of it but can describe it only from the vantage point of distance.
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.
Tolerance is a virtue that depends upon peace and strength.
In time of war, truth is always replaced by propaganda.
I realized that If I had to choose, I would rather have birds than airplanes.
Life is a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of a future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
In wilderness I sense the miracle of life, and behind it our scientific accomplishments fade to trivia.
The construction of an airplane is simple compared with the evolutionary achievement of a bird. If I had to choose, I would rather have birds than airplanes.
It is the greatest shot of adrenaline to be doing what you have wanted to do so badly. You almost feel like you could fly without the plane.
Isn't it strange that we talk least about the things we think about most?
It's almost as easy to stand up as it is to sit down.
I have seen the science I worshiped, and the aircraft I loved, destroying the civilization I expected them to serve.
Real freedom lies in wildness, not in civilization.
If I must fight, I'll fight; but I prefer not to spit at my enemy beforehand.
To be absolutely alone for the first time in the cockpit of a plane hundreds of feet above the ground is an experience never to be forgotten.
Time is no longer endless or the horizon destitute of hope.
After my death, the molecules of my being will return to the earth and the sky. They came from the stars. I am of the stars.
I owned the world that hour as I rode over it. free of the earth, free of the mountains, free of the clouds, but how inseparably I was bound to them.
I've had enough publicity for 15 lives.
Flying a good airplane doesn't require near as much attention as a motor car.
I hope my journals relating to World War II will help clarify issues of the past and thereby contribute to understanding the issues and conditions of the present and future.
More and more, as civilization develops, we find the primitive to be essential to us. We root into the primitive as a tree roots into the earth. If we cut off the roots, we lose the sap without which we can't progress or even survive. I don't believe our civilization can continue very long out of contact with the primitive.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
It is not that I believe ideals are unimportant, even among the realities of war; but if a nation is to survive in a hostile world, its ideals must be backed by the hard logic of military practicability.
Real freedom lies in wildness, not civilization.
