American,Writer
I do like escapism. I like going to the movies on a Friday night and seeing something fun.
I hate a movie that will end by telling you that the first thing you should do is learn to love yourself. That is so insulting and condescending, and so meaningless. My characters don't learn to love each other or themselves.
I really don't have any solutions and I don't like movies that do.
I'm in my mind a lot. I live there.
Everything I've written is personal - it's the only way I know how to write.
I think that people have expectations of themselves and other people that are based on these fictions that are presented to them as the way human life and relationships could be, in some sort of weird, ideal world, but they never are. So you're constantly being shown this garbage and you can't get there.
You are what you love. Not what loves you.
I think if something resonates, even if it's surreal, it's because it is relatable and I think that that's a core issue for me.
I want to try it to see what it's like and see what my stuff looks like when I take it from inception to completion.
When I'm writing, I'm trying to immerse myself in the chaos of an emotional experience, rather than separate myself from it and look back at it from a distance with clarity and tell it as a story. Because that's how life is lived, you know?
I try to make things interesting and thought-provoking.
I was trying to figure out what a memory feels like.
There's this inherent screenplay structure that everyone seems to be stuck on, this three-act thing. It doesn't really interest me. To me, it's kind of like saying, 'Well, when you do a painting, you always need to have sky here, the person here and the ground here.' Well, you don't.
I don't subscribe to anything. I sit there and I try to think about what seems honest to me.
My time on the set is the least of my involvement. Most of my time is in pre-production and post-production.
I tend to not only read reviews, but also every little stupid thing online. It's a very bad idea, and there's a lot of angry people in the world. And it's weird to absorb all that weirdness.
Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating.
I'm not a celebrity. I'm intentionally and defiantly not a celebrity. I don't have any interest in it. I don't have any talent for it. I keep my personal life out of my public life as cleanly as I can.
So when I write characters and situations and relationships, I try to sort of utilize what I know about the world, limited as it is, and what I hear from my friends and see with my relatives.
I have a tendency to hire people who tend to be unattractive to the studios. Maybe this is a bad idea.
I want to create situations that give people something to think about.
I do have some theatrical background. I've written plays and seen plays and read plays. But I also read novels. One thing I don't read is screenplays.
I think of myself as a guy who tries to write screenplays and now has tried to direct one. Anything more than that is meaningless and it gets in the way of being a real human being.
Sometimes I don't like the books that I'm reading.
I'm not into extreme sports or something. I just live a quiet life.
I think I've had pretty good experiences for the most part with the people who have directed my screenplays.
I'm interested in trying to explore what I think is the truth at a given time in my life, and part of the process of being honest is - in my mind - talking about the idea that you're watching a movie. You're sitting here watching a movie. And I like that. It appeals to me intellectually, and also in a way I can't even explain.
As a writer, or as a filmmaker, you have to present yourself, and part of what yourself is is what you're interested in, or what you think is funny, or what you think is sad, or what you think is horrible.
I do have, at different times, a certain kind of self-consciousness in the world, an insecurity.
I'm trying to tell a story and do it truthfully.
I think generally I'm kind of interested in subjective experience, what goes on inside someone's head, that being all they really know of the world.
I wanted to deal with someone's idea of their relationship.
I think you just assume that your memory is just sort of a video playback of your experience, but it's nothing like that at all. It's a complete refabrication of an event and a lot of it is made up, because you're filling in spaces.
The way I write is very much without kind of a goal. I have something I'm interested in and then I decide I'm going to explore it. I don't know where the characters are going to go, I don't know what the movie is going to do or what the screenplay is going to do. For me, that's the way to keep it alive.
We have the script, we have the actors, and we're trying to figure out what this is, and you don't know what it is. You have to be open to what it's going to become rather than have this thing that you're trying to get to, which is boring.
I like titles that are a little difficult, because it's kind of counterintuitive.
