American,Journalist
Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students.
The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.
There are a lot of people who are doing wonderful things, quietly, with no motive of greed, or hostility toward other people, or delusions of superiority.
The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines.
I believe that writing is derivative. I think good writing comes from good reading.
You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars.
We always take credit for the good and attribute the bad to fortune.
I could tell you which writer's rhythms I am imitating. It's not exactly plagiarism, it's falling in love with good language and trying to imitate it.
Just by luck, I picked good heroes to worship.
When we become a really mature, grown-up, wise society, we will put teachers at the center of the community, where they belong. We don't honor them enough, we don't pay them enough.
Since my retirement, I've spent a lot of time trying to help the School of Social Work at the University of North Carolina. A society like this just can't afford an uneducated underclass of citizens.
Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything.
It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country besides politicians, entertainers, and criminals.
Look for joy in your life; it's not always easy to find.
I recognize that I had a good deal of good luck in my life. I came along at a time when it was pretty easy to get a job in journalism. I went to work at CBS News when I was about 22, and within a year or so was reporting on the air.
I used to think that driving, sleepless, ambitious labor was what you needed to succeed.
There is such a thing as a national conscience, and it can be touched.
I don't have any well-developed philosophy about journalism. Ultimately it is important in a society like this, so people can know about everything that goes wrong.
I remember being in the public library and my jaw just aching as I looked around at all those books I wanted to read. There just wasn't time enough to read everything I wanted to read.
It's best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth.
The first books I was interested in were all about baseball. But I can't think of one single book that changed my life in any way.
When I was a little boy I used to borrow my father's hat, and make a press card to stick in the hat band. That was the way reporters were always portrayed in the movies.
A country so rich that it can send people to the moon still has hundreds of thousands of its citizens who can't read. That's terribly troubling to me.
For a while there, I was a stringer. The expression comes from the old habit of stringing together the column inches that you had written. They'd measure it and pay you 10 cents an inch for your printed copy.
I can't remember a time when I didn't want to be a reporter. I don't know where I got the idea that it was a romantic calling.
I can't say that I've changed anybody's life, ever, and that's the real work of the world, if you want a better society.
