American,Musician
If you really want something you can figure out how to make it happen.
I've always taken risks, and never worried what the world might really think of me.
Nothing lifts me out of a bad mood better than a hard workout on my treadmill. It never fails. Exercise is nothing short of a miracle.
Don't take your toys inside just because it's raining.
A girl can wait for the right man to come along but in the meantime that still doesn't mean she can't have a wonderful time with all the wrong ones.
Men aren't necessities. They're luxuries.
I don't know what else I would be if I wasn't me. I am not looking from the outside, looking back. I am who I am.
Women are the real architects of society.
Men should be like Kleenex, soft, strong and disposable.
If you're black in this country, if you're a woman in this country, if you are any minority in this country at all, what could possibly possess you to vote Republican?
Until you're ready to look foolish, you'll never have the possibility of being great.
Some years I'm the coolest thing that ever happened, and then the next year everyone's so over me, and I'm just so past my sell date.
I wish that I did the things that I really believe in, because when I do, my life goes much smoother.
I keep coming back because I have no place else to go. What else would I do? I love to sing.
I think I am a product of my mother's sensibilities and my mother's values. There has been lots of battling and lots of love and it's never an easy road for us. But in the deepest recesses, I do have my mother's values.
I only answer to two people, myself and God.
I think that the longer I look good, the better gay men feel.
I'm still friends with all my exes, apart from my husbands.
Yes, it's a man's world, but that's all right because they're making a total mess of it. We're chipping away at their control, taking the parts we want. Some women think it's a difficult task, but it's not.
I'm scared to death of being poor. It's like a fat girl who loses 500 pounds but is always fat inside. I grew up poor and will always feel poor inside. It's my pet paranoia.
I'm from a Gypsy background!
The road is a nasty place and lonely.
The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing - and then marry him.
I don't need a man. But I'm happier with one. I like to have someone I can touch and squeeze and kiss. But I don't fold up and die if I don't have a man around.
I am never offended when I see the drag-queens dressed up like me.
I'm learning English at the moment. I can say 'Big Ben', 'Hello Rodney', 'Tower Bridge' and 'Loo'.
I know it sounds weird, but how bad, how hard can dying be?
My mother was the most creative, fantastic person and would come up with great things for us to do. She'd buy art supplies and all of us would sit around painting. I was lucky.
I'm not old-fashioned.
My passion lies with whatever I'm doing at the time... I only see what is front of me.
I'm amusing and crazy on Twitter. I talk about important things, stupid things.
