American,Musician
Red lips and fragrance always top off an outfit for me.
I'm an ocean, because I'm really deep. If you search deep enough you can find rare exotic treasures.
I'm not a judgmental person, so I can't comment on someone else's background.
The roughest road often leads to the top.
Thankfully, I have my mom and a small group of close friends who are there for me 24/7 and whom I can trust and depend on.
Basically, what I'm saying is there is nothing fake about what I do. I'm up-front, I'm real, I'm honest and I'm open with my feelings.
I'm a bit of a night owl because that's when I feel the most creative and alive.
I love doing normal things - movies, shopping, going out with friends, writing, reading, taking hot bubble baths - that's a big one for relaxation. I also love to go to art and history museums.
I should not have to prove my ethnicity to anyone. I know who I am.
It's been quite a roller coaster ride, but I've grown and learned a lot about myself. The greatest thing is being able to interact with fans and touch people's lives... for that I give thanks.
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.
I think it's really great when you stand up for something that you really believe, even if you get heat for it.
It's definitely a dream come true to be recognized and to be able to sign autographs. But, it's also a lot of hard work and can be draining. If you don't know already, you will quickly learn who your real friends are.
In order to effect great change, we need to look at how we can help those in our own communities as well as globally.
To be given the opportunity to help shape new artists' careers and mentor them to see their dreams come to fruition is a task I welcome with open arms.
People expect me to cry, but I always laugh when things go wrong.
I have six-year-old fans that weren't even around for 'Genie in a Bottle' or even 'Fighter.'
I find fragrance to be such a mood enhancer and definitely a seduction tool.
I look back at the looks I've had over the years. I'm proud of myself that I had the courage to experiment with crazy hairstyles and some fashion things. Would I do it again? No. But that's part of the learning process and getting from point A to point B.
I never mind contorting myself for a good cause.
Everybody needs that one person that takes you to the right place to see all the positives in your life.
The most successful people I've worked with, like the Rolling Stones - people of a different, kind of legendary caliber - have such great, warm energy.
I don't see anything wrong with being comfortable with my own skin.
It's always nerve-wracking when you're hosting 'Saturday Night Live.' You either sink or swim.
My first love was singing and I had no time for boys.
I've never watched an entire episode of 'American Idol'. It's too mean.
I'm a hard worker and I really give to my fans through my shows.
I don't have anything to hide but what happens is the media tend to beat up what I say.
I want to look good when people see me.
I have a lot of aggression in me that needs to come out in a not-very-precise or articulate way.
I turned to music originally because of my past and needing a release or an outlet to get out anger or frustration or hurt.
It's an amazing thing to say, 'I'm beautiful,' without feeling like you're cocky.
I still got the nasty in me.
For me the visual is just as important as the music.
I was very pushed to look a certain way and act a certain way, and it wasn't me, but I played by their rules to get my foot in the door.
Growing up with the childhood that I had, I learned to never let a man make me feel helpless, and it also embedded a deep need in me to always stick up for women.
I love theatrics and have a huge imagination: Why would I want to sit onstage and sing a bunch of ballads back-to-back?
The artists I look up to are the ones who push their own limits.
I am a woman who has my extreme vulnerable side and my baggage - and at times I feel extremely weak.
I was brought up in a household of chaos and I never felt stable at home.
After I had my son, Max, I knew I wanted to get involved in causes that help children.
When I learned how millions of children go to bed hungry, my only response was, 'What can I do to help?'
We take food for granted, but it isn't a luxury for many people.
It's impossible to redefine yourself and your life overnight.
I'm not a 9-to-5 woman who has the same kind of lifestyle for years on end. I couldn't do it.
I always wanted to have my own album recorded and released before I graduated high school.
All I want to do is be normal. But really, it's other people who won't let me be that way.
I have a lot of things to say and a lot of things to let out of me.
I want to be a poet and have a chance to explore that and let people know what's really on my mind.
I don't want to talk about genies in bottles anymore.
Getting older, you just don't want to sing fluffy.
I went through my first big breakup, with a boyfriend who I had been with for more than two years. He had been one of my dancers, and it was my first love and his.
It can be hard in this business, especially when you're very young, to figure out who you can and can't trust.
When success comes, people can try to trick you or take advantage of you.
When you're part of a pop phenomenon, you have so many opinions shoved down your throat.
I'm a lucky girl.
I was known as the little girl with the big voice.
I remember watching the Grammys and looking at the performances and crying to my mom, saying how much I wanted to be there.
I'm a smart girl. There are decisions that I make for reasons, and the most important thing is that my son is happy and he always will be. He's surrounded by love.
I think it's a given that people know what I can do vocally.
I think all of us as women have this super-human quality. We create life, we give life, we are the sources of life for our children - we're all pretty bionic.
I'm very protective of how much I let people see.
I think they say that when you're breast feeding, you know, your weight kind of slims down. It's a little easier. It's like a workout within itself. It's very tiring actually and you find yourself snacking more often.
Mormons aren't gonna buy my album but, you know, what are you gonna do?
I will not have my son grow up in a tension-filled home.
I knew there would be a negative reaction in the press to my divorce, but I am not going to live my life because of something someone might say.
I felt caged by my childhood.
When I first met my husband, I needed that helping hand to take the reins and look after me.
I've always been really good with my heels. Even pregnant, I could perform in heels.
I feel things deeply.
I don't think there is such a thing as being too raunchy when it comes to the art form of burlesque.
I was never into the boy crazy thing because I was very focused on my career.
Being a mother, singer and actress is a definite juggling act, but I don't think I would be comfortable any other way.
My body can't put anyone in jeopardy of not making money anymore - my body is just not on the table that way anymore.
When you're young, it's so easy to get bull-dozed.
I definitely love women. They are more attractive to the naked eye.
Being too thin. Being bigger. I've been criticized for being on both sides of the scale.
I love my body.
I don't think I could ever really be with a woman because that's a lot of... Yeah, there's a lot of estrogen and I'm a lot to deal with when it's that time of the month, so I can't imagine it times two.
I am Ecuadorian but people felt so safe passing me off as a skinny, blue-eyed white girl.
I feel so fortunate.
I do reinvent old hits of mine and sort of give them a new life.
When I'm traveling on tour, one of my favorite things to do is to throw a baseball cap on and go to a Target. The company has always been good to me. They've got such a great creative team.
I really don't spend any time on the Internet, so I guess I live a little under a rock in that respect.
I hate working out - I have to mentally push myself through it. I can get very whiny, saying things like, 'I can't do it!'
Toward the end of my pregnancy, I felt really big - I gained about 40 pounds, which is a lot for my size.
My mom brought me up to believe that my talent is a gift and a blessing.
Sometimes you just know what you're placed on this earth to do.
When I first came out there was no such thing as Twitter or Facebook. And the blogs! Like, what is that?
People don't always want to have females as leaders.
Now everyone is a critic.
I'm a businesswoman.
I don't want to believe my own hype.
I don't even watch my own show: I tape it, I'm out.
I'm one that likes to collaborate.
My son is healthy and happy, so that's all that matters to me.
I have certain physical features that I favor over others. We all have our areas.
I really feel free and not as serious as I have been in the past.
I think you can really gauge my state of mind by listening to my albums.
I really love traveling to Japan.
I like to be as free as possible at all times.
I embraced being a pop artist, but I like doing it on my own terms, at my own pace.
The blind audition process can be nerve-wracking.
It's been a joy to be a part of other people's journey, to be able to inspire and be a part of new singers coming up in this business.
My fans do deserve to see me back out on the road.
The road is a lot of work.
I didn't want to do something that was easy for me.
I'm at peace.
I'm content with life, and I'm finally at that place where I feel relaxed and can really enjoy what's going on around me.
It's important to take time for your spouse and nurture the relationship.
I have those days where I'm PMSing and bloated.
I love color - I'm not a beige kind of girl.
I'm not being like, 'Hey, everybody, I'm pregnant!' I'm not that girl.
I have more than one side of me that likes to get out on a stage and sing.
There was no way in hell I was going to jeopardize my baby for my show.
I've been through my highs, I've been through my lows; I've been through the gamut of all things in this business. Being too thin. Being bigger. I've been criticized for being on both sides of the scale. It's noise I block out automatically. I love my body.
I don't weigh myself - it's all about how I feel in my clothes.
I'm a big micro manager; I'm a stickler about organisation; everything needs a place, a purpose, and micro managing myself even when I'm in the studio.
It's a big responsibility to help someone express themselves as an artist.
A lot of people are afraid to face themselves, especially when something goes wrong. But that's important, because if something happens within a relationship, it could be how you're allowing someone else to treat you.
Target is one of the best at really listening to the artist and understanding what they are about.
When you're unhappy in your marriage, your children are the ones who suffer.
The most vulnerable people have tough exteriors because they are very scared inside, and it's very hard for people like that - people like me - to open up. But playing it safe means you stop being open to learning. I always try to find the challenges.
