American,Actor
I was a shy, quiet kid. I was happiest playing by myself with my toys, rather than hanging around people.
There was a time when I felt I should do everything that was offered to me, you know, ride the wave.
My mom put me in a Pampers commercial on TV.
I'm certainly grateful that there were projects that I did that people responded to. It would be a nightmare if it were the other way around. But it's sometimes a little disheartening.
Sometimes you can tell a wise person not only by what he says but also by what he doesn't say. Remember, it is much better to say little than to say too much and regret it later.
I've calmed down, certainly, from the days of being 18, but I'm still having a good time.
Jail was a result of me not taking time for myself. So I was forced to take some time for myself.
Drama can be an addiction. It's so, so sneaky. Jealousy - all of those things can really send you in a lot of different crazy directions.
In truth, making films doesn't feel like hard work because I always have such a good time doing it.
As you get older you learn some balance and mediation in your life - that's where I am right now. I feel pretty comfortable about things.
I try to stay away from the craft services table on set! That's probably why I am able to still get work in this business: I stay away from junk food.
Good judgement comes from experience. Sometimes, experience comes from bad judgement.
I'm not a religious person by any means. But I certainly believe in some kind of a higher power and something looking out for me. I've definitely had angels that have either guided me or helped me through moments in my life, without a doubt.
Strike and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.
If I make a move, like raise my eyebrows, some critic says I'm doing Nicholson. What am I supposed to do, cut off my eyebrows?
After I did Untamed Heart I wanted to do a film that was outrageous. I really wanted to do, you know, a performance. I don't want to allow my image to rule the choices that I make.
Art does imitate life, it has to come from somewhere. To put boundaries and limitations on it doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
Hopefully, that people could see a progression in my performances because that's how it's always felt to me.
How do I feel about being a star now? Well I still try to live life and enjoy what I am doing.
I can promote until I am blue in the face, but ultimately nobody knows what makes a hit.
I don't think of myself as offbeat and weird. As a kid, I saw myself as the type of guy who would run into a burning building to save the baby.
I had such a good time working with John Woo and John Travolta, and it was so professional. I want to work with people who are real professionals.
I have brought a PS2 on set with me before. But games can be really addicting, and that's dangerous. So I tend to keep it fairly limited on a certain level.
I think games are starting to branch out. It's not just guys sitting at their computer stations. Games are so fun, that everybody gets into them a little bit.
I took a lot of time off after Mobsters and although I did something I had never done before, which was to direct a play, The Laughter Epidemic, it felt like a vacation.
I want to do films I can relate to emotionally.
Theater was definitely part of my roots. My father would take me to plays, and then my mother was always on the lookout for other talent and taking me to see plays. I saw Frank Langella in 'Dracula'... Great, great performances. I was a theater rat, hanging out backstage.
My mother became a casting director, and she cast me in a soap opera called 'One Life to Live.' I was, like, 8 years old, playing a kid who had hurt himself on a skateboard. I had, like, three lines. I did the lines, and everybody in the studio applauded - I was immediately hooked after that. I was like, 'This is the life for me.'
'Heathers' was probably the first time when I started to notice that people were opening doors for me and giving me tables at restaurants, regardless of what I was wearing. A whole world opened up to me that was shocking and weird and different, and I enjoyed it, and, you know, I took great advantage of it at times.
It's very, very difficult because we're living in a world where they invent things in order to hide things from parents. There are these secret creator app guys who make things to intentionally do that, to keep your parents in the dark, and you've really got to work extra-hard to stay on top of it.
An actor equals, sometimes, an entitled baby. People take care of things for me, and they pay greater attention to things than I was ever capable of doing. But in the last few years, I have learned a great deal more about taking care of things. I pay my own bills now.
Updating passwords and changing them all the time is something I'm involved in.
I do have a Twitter account, and there's a woman at my agency who got that all set up for me. I don't know how many followers I have. It's not one of those things I check on a regular basis.
The Internet definitely could be a weapon of mass destruction - it's not going to come in a bomb, it's going to come as a cyberattack. It's pretty amazing to see what a small group of people can do if they really know how to control the universe.
'Pump Up the Volume' was a film and character that I really responded to. That was a movie about a guy trying to take down the establishment using a ham radio. I feel 'Mr. Robot' has a similar value. This show is about taking down a global empire. I was an anarchist then. I'm getting to be an anarchist again.
The Internet opens up so many doors. It's a phenomenal tool for education but also a way for people to be scary and dangerous. We're living in a world where we can be hacked and exposed.
When I did 'Young Guns II,' I hung out with Emilio and Kiefer, and I once took a trip with Rob Lowe - we jumped trains.
I am a gypsy, in a way. It's a condition of my profession.
Some of the characters that I played as a kid were rebellious teenagers, and people would see those performances and project a particular image onto me. And 90 percent of the time, I would do everything I could to live up to that sort of image and be that individual.
Having kids certainly gets me to ask the question, 'Who is the adult here, and who is the kid?'
Actors sometimes immerse themselves into it so deeply that the line between who they are and their character can become blurred. For me, I think it's just about getting clearer on my whole life and who I am in order to make it possible for me to play whatever character is presented to me at a particular time.
I can be going through nothing, but within me, in my head, oh my God! It can be a circus.
My father was an actor, and my mother was his agent, so I had it on both sides: the crazy actor and his representation.
The first job I had was a Pampers commercial. And I used to go with my father whenever he would do a performance. I remember clinging to his legs, saying, 'Please. Take me with you.'
Success can be a very difficult thing to deal with.
I'm not a great card player. Keeping my cards close has always been a challenge for me.
It's always a leap of faith when you get involved with somebody.
When you sign onto something, you want the character to be redeemable and likeable, hopefully, and understandable.
I lost myself, and a lot of characters I played, I have latched onto some of their identities just because I was so lacking in anything of my own.
I had such a lack of respect for women that I just treated them as a hobby, trying to live up to the supposed image of Jack Nicholson and all those guys who were womanizers.
It's great, getting the scripts and working with somebody like Sam Esmail, who is such a great leader.
I operate better with education and awareness, like I think all of us do. I don't like to be walking around in a vacuum, lost in my own thoughts. I'm much better with information.
I'm an actor; I have an ego that is sometimes disproportionate to the reality of the situation.
If I'm backed into a corner, the first thing that comes to mind is the robot from Forbidden Planet. But that could be me trying to be kitschy, cool, and cultural, because the real answer is R2D2.
Sometimes people come up to me and say, 'You were my teen crush.' I'm honored and I'm touched, but I also ask, 'What happened? Why'd you take the poster down?' I get a little heartbroken in that situation.
