American,Businessman
Not only did I enjoy the creative side of Playboy and enjoy being surrounded by people who are curious about life, but I also love the analytical and hard business side of it.
I have invested in the stock market since I was very young.
I had an allowance, but I had to do things around the house to earn it. I think I always wanted my own money.
I'd guess that 80 percent of the people who work for Playboy are feminists.
I know what the attitudes of the readers are: These are guys who love women and respect women.
But maybe because the dot-com world gives people positions at a younger age, and many women are prominent in this business, it will help change the view about who can run big companies.
I developed a great sense of self-confidence when I was very young.
I'm basically a gift-giver.
From the time that I can remember, I worked to make money - either baby-sitting, or one year wrapping gifts at a department store at Christmas, so I could have my own money.
Actually, my parents were separated by the time I was about 2 years old.
In college, my big money memory was saving up to buy a car with my boyfriend, whom I lived with.
No, I never thought about my father's money as my money.
I never have to this day, because my money is the money I earn.
Most people sell stock to pay taxes, but I didn't want to sell any stock.
I had higher math SATs than in English - yet I became an English major in college.
I expected to go into journalism or law.
I came to Playboy not expecting to stay. But after five years, I found myself really enjoying the business world, and I realized I had some skill.
I've lectured at the Harvard Business School several times.
Some, but much of my money is tied up in Playboy stock.
The very first stock I bought right out of college was Berkshire Hathaway.
Well, I grew up around the magazine and was part of a generation that was embracing our sexuality.
I don't know what a world would be like if you do away with sexy images.
Half of my employees are women.
I'm surrounded by very powerful women and very progressive men.
I defend the right of almost everything to be published... because I think that you're better off in trusting the marketplace than allowing other people to make that decision.
It's important not to limit the amount of their own money that candidates can spend, but to give other people access to enough money to run competitive races.
