American,Actor
We also shot at a location that was an Aboriginal sacred ground for the shots coming up the cliff.
They built these little tanning booths for Brooke and I to do nothing but lay down and tan all over.
One of my favorite stories is my first kissing scene with Linda Gray.
Usually I get recognized for The Blue Lagoon or Dallas.
I had a lot of coaching for the movie and no, I have never sung professionally before.
Hollywood wants press, any kind of press.
The guy who owned that island was from Oregon and he decided that he wanted to have an Oregon feeling to it, so he planted pine trees all over the place!
Let me tell you something: if you're on an island for three and a half months and you're four and a half hours by boat from the nearest store, and there's nobody but 30 crew members on the island, I guarantee that you'd be running around without your clothes on.
It's only in the United States that they make a big deal about nudity.
I think the United States is way behind the times.
Brooke might tell a different story, but I've always loved the water.
I've been a scuba diver since I was 16 and I think that was one of the reasons they chose me.
As much as I didn't want to change, lifestyles do change.
You know, I never expected to enter the movie business.
I wanted to be a doctor in sports medicine; I was into sailing and all that sort of thing.
I'm a very big believer in fate.
I truly, truly believe that I was going in that direction and all of a sudden fate took me and put me here. It's like something else has other plans for me.
Larry Hagman was a huge star, and he was carrying my stuff for me.
I figured that, if you do a vampire movie in Hollywood, you've made it.
I'm really a romantic at heart.
There are times when directors just don't know what they're doing.
I thought that would be kind of cool, to make a bad guy look sympathetic.
Brooke was special in the sense that we grew up together on that island.
I always wondered if I was supposed to be excellent at something or not. I think, because of that, I have a lot of insecurities about myself.
I became a very angry person and it was all due to alcoholism.
I sat backstage and had a beer with Richard Chamberlain, Paul Newman, and Princess Grace.
