American,Musician
Be stupid, be dumb, be funny, if that's who you are. Don't try to be someone that society wants you to be; that's stupid. So be yourself.
I'm one of those people who laughs everything off. If I mess up, I just say, 'Ha! Totally didn't mean to do that.'
Confidence is not, 'They will like me'. Confidence instead is, 'I'll be fine if they don't'.
My new song 'Shrug' I created with two guys. The idea was a message about ignoring haters. People one-up you, stay true to yourself.
Just being a girl coming from YouTube, I know what it's like to have a very humble, simple beginning. It would be kinda crazy for my fans if I made it huge in that way and became the next big thing. I wanna be able to do it for them and say, 'Look, this is what you've done for me.'
I want to be able to show people that I have flaws and they have flaws, too. And you know what that means? No one out there is perfect.
Most of all, I like to sing my heart out to lyrics that really speak to people.
'Side A' was a project that I wanted to do, stuff that I produced completely, and it was just stuff that I was dealing with.
I have no boyfriend. No time. None send me over the moon, so I just kind of do my thing.
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.
I'm that girl that's a hardcore musician and loves to sing and write and play instruments but, at the same time, loves video games, metal music, and just being a goofy person.
Honestly, 'Side A' is supposed to be a project just from my heart and whatever is happening in my heart at the time, and I want 'Side B' to also fit that same thing.
People aren't born strong. People grow stronger little by little, encountering difficult situations, learning not to run from them.
I'd love to open for Bieber. It would be awesome; that would definitely be the crowd I would want to play to.
Me being the metal fan that I am, I like to listen to thrash metal to get me pumped - that kind of music will get your heart racing and ready for a crowd.
When you think Selena Gomez, you think 'celebrity.' But really, she does so many things for me. She's very caring. Before she goes on stage, she's a goofy girl. She's fun-loving and totally lovable, which I say in the most honest way. She's not even a celebrity to me; she's just a really cool person.
There's a band called Pantera that I listen to, and then Metallica's 'And Justice for All.' If you listen to a little bit of that before you go on stage, you're pretty much set for the whole show.
I'm a perfectionist, so everything I put out needs to be, like, 100 percent. So when it comes to releasing things on my YouTube channel, I triple-quadruple check it before I post it because this has got to be ready for the amount of people who are going to be watching, for sure.
'The Voice' gave me the exposure that YouTube was never able to provide for me, just because I didn't have a label or that kind of opportunity before. It also kind of trained me as person and performer with an audience.
When I write music, I know a lot of artists like Taylor Swift or Ed Sheeran tend to write from personal experience. I write from personal experience, of course, but I don't limit myself to that.
I write my own music. By myself, on a computer, I program guitar and piano.
I'm an independent. I've signed with no label.
I have God, Jesus Christ: I'm Christian. I try to stay as grounded as I possibly can. And I have my parents that help me and my friends that are really great accountability partners to me.
When I was little, I had this old video camera, and I set it up, and I would pretend that I was on comedy shows and soap operas and things like that.
Hip-hop I never really got really into mainly just because I'm not a big fan of rap. I do like R&B artists like Beyonce. I'm a big fan of her mainly because of her vocals. They're just so awesome. I love her and Christina Aguilera, and that whole urban kind of feel is really great, especially with my voice.
I can't put anyone even really close to Christina Aguilera besides Stacie Orrico.
