American,Athlete
Ninety percent of my game is mental. It's my concentration that has gotten me this far.
You can't give up! If you give up, you're like everybody else.
Find something that you're really interested in doing in your life. Pursue it, set goals, and commit yourself to excellence. Do the best you can.
To be a tennis champion, you have to be inflexible. You have to be stubborn. You have to be arrogant. You have to be selfish and self-absorbed. Kind of tunnel vision almost.
You've got to take the initiative and play your game. In a decisive set, confidence is the difference.
I love hiking in the mountains in Aspen. Breathing the clean, fresh air is great. Plus, it gives me a cardiovascular workout and firms my legs.
If you can react the same way to winning and losing, that's a big accomplishment. That quality is important because it stays with you the rest of your life, and there's going to be a life after tennis that's a lot longer than your tennis life.
Being famous before you've formed your personality, before you have that self-esteem, is dangerous.
When you're a famous, successful person at 16 years old, the rules change for you. Everybody is doing things for you to make life easier so you can go out and play. And I think you miss out on lot of growing up and a lot of reality checks.
Not every child is cut out for an individual sport.
If I win seven tournaments in a row, I get so confident I'm in a cloud. A loss gets me eager again.
Every time, all the time, I'm a perfectionist. I feel I should never lose.
I always looked ahead.
If you're a champion, you have to have it in your heart.
Losing hurts me. I was determined to be the best.
I was very, very shy as a younger girl, just petrified of people. Tennis helped give me an identity and made me feel like somebody.
When I was younger, I was a robot. Wind her up and she plays tennis.
I'm not an overly ambitious person; I don't feel like I have to excel.
I still have this image: I can't be controversial, I can't say things.
I was labeled at a young age - Miss Unemotional, Miss Cool, and that would carry over to my press conferences.
I've had a lot of fear in my life, from fear of flying to fear of making a speech in front of a lot of people.
You pay a price for everything in life.
Relationships are give-and-take, and when you're a tennis player, you're certainly not giving. You have to be self-absorbed. It has to be about you.
Losing hurts me.
Tennis helped give me an identity and made me feel like somebody.
I was very, very shy as a younger girl, just petrified of people.
