American,Author
False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the sunshine, but leaving us the instant we cross into the shade.
Next to being witty, the best thing is being able to quote another's wit.
Our first and last love is self-love.
The small courtesies sweeten life; the greater ennoble it.
It is the passion that is in a kiss that gives to it its sweetness; it is the affection in a kiss that sanctifies it.
Courage enlarges, cowardice diminishes resources. In desperate straits the fears of the timid aggravate the dangers that imperil the brave.
Tranquil pleasures last the longest; we are not fitted to bear the burden of great joys.
Heaven lent you a soul, Earth will lend a grave.
Sensitiveness is closely allied to egotism; and excessive sensibility is only another name for morbid self-consciousness. The cure for tender sensibilities is to make more of our objects and less of our selves.
Panic is a sudden desertion of us, and a going over to the enemy of our imagination.
No man is happy without a delusion of some kind. Delusions are as necessary to our happiness as realities.
The great artist is a slave to his ideals.
It is ever the invisible that is the object of our profoundest worship. With the lover it is not the seen but the unseen that he muses upon.
We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them.
Tears are nature's lotion for the eyes. The eyes see better for being washed by them.
Good men have the fewest fears. He has but one great fear who fears to do wrong; he has a thousand who has overcome it.
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music.
The method of the enterprising is to plan with audacity and execute with vigor.
Tearless grief bleeds inwardly.
There is great beauty in going through life without anxiety or fear. Half our fears are baseless, and the other half discreditable.
Example has more followers than reason. We unconsciously imitate what pleases us, and approximate to the characters we most admire.
They are the weakest, however strong, who have no faith in themselves or their own powers.
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself.
Many children, many cares; no children, no felicity.
A sound discretion is not so much indicated by never making a mistake as by never repeating it.
