American,Designer
Shoes are a big part of your look. I think that if your outfit isn't really something special, then fun footwear is a great way to jazz it up and make your ensemble more interesting.
I am confident and I work so hard to be confident. If I wasn't talented, then I wouldn't be as confident.
Working in a salon, you look at trends all day long. You're looking at color all the time, what new products are coming out. You're a part of the fashion industry, especially if you're working in a higher-end salon.
I'm going to have some fabulous nights out with champagne.
A bad investment is going for quantity over quality. If you're trying to be careful with your wallet, especially with the economy right now, you have to choose staple pieces.
I'd rather buy clothes than buy a bed.
Well I am from Annapolis Maryland. I went to High school in Baltimore, but I grew up in Annapolis. It was a cute town. We lived on a waterfront community. It was good, even though I don't really fit the preppy boater kind of style.
It was something I was more interested in myself. When I went to see my sister dance at ballet, I was really into costumes and the arts, and my family was also supportive of whatever me and my sister wanted to do. I would say I pushed myself the most to be into design.
I hate the terminology of 'costume' because my clothes are not costumes at all. I think they're high fashion, avant-garde, and more couture, definitely, and yes, some of my pieces are not particularly wearable, but I wouldn't say they're costumes, I'd say they're more couture.
I want to have my own line and collection.
My name is out there right now. I'm creative and innovative. I should capitalize on it.
Fabrics and lining make a big difference in the garment. If you're buying an expensive trench coat, and it's lined in something cheap, it doesn't feel as nice.
There are a ton of A-list stars I'd love to dress - fashionistas like Keira Knightley and Scarlett Johansson. Also, Cate Blanchett would be fun and fabulous. My picks vary by the day and how I'm feeling. But, as a new, young designer, I'm open to working with everyone!
For me I'm a luxury brand trying to prove to people and the industry that it's not about being a TV celebrity in any which way, it's about being a designer and having a business and being successful at that.
I'm young and I have a lot of experience and I learn quickly.
You can wear whatever, be whatever, do whatever you want.
I came from a different world from other designers because I already had such a strong fan base that was interested in fashion. You have to give the little divas something.
I just think it's great to show a gown that's $8,000 and a shoe that's, like, $25 - but still look fabulous together.
There are still places to go, there are still dinners, there are still parties, and you can still get dressed up. That's part of having fun in fashion.
Everything I wear is a do and everything else is a don't!
I Google everyone I meet and I look up designers.
I think I was very young when I became interested in fashion.
