American,Musician
I had a beard way before it was fashionable.
I think the path is different for everybody. Go after the doors that are open to you. That has always been my motto getting into the music business. Do the things that seem to be good opportunities and work hard at it. Try to make good decisions and be nice. Hopefully all of that will pay off at some point.
At the end of the day, I just have to do what I do and let it be what it's gonna be.
Among my dad's generation, when you gave another man a pocketknife as a gift, it was a show of respect. I'll still give someone the knife out of my pocket.
Great musicians are great musicians, whether they're playing a trombone or an electric guitar or a xylophone.
I'm a fan of polarization. If you make something that is palatable to everybody, it's like making vanilla ice cream, and I think we have enough of that.
Everybody's got a story on their beards. I guess it's just a way of finding common ground with people you otherwise might not know.
I'm not going to ask musicians to sit there and pretend to play. It feels insulting to the musicians to me.
I moved to Nashville to be a songwriter. I found out that was a job, that someone would pay you to sit in a room with a guitar and make up songs! It is the greatest job in the world. I wrote three or four songs a day. That's what I lived for.
I love music so much, and I love musicians - I love singers. It's fun. That's what music's supposed to be. Fun.
I can only be me. I have a hard time being a chameleon as a singer.
I walked into a demo session one time, and a guy said, 'I'm thinking kind of like a Trace Adkins thing.' And I looked him right in the eye and said, 'Man, you've got the wrong guy. I'm gonna have to fire myself. You've got to hire somebody else.'
My dad was a very straight arrow, prayed-at-every-meal kind of guy.
I was in a band called the SteelDrivers, and we just played hard in vans, hopping on airplanes, not knowing where you're at.
I always tell people, 'The music's free. I get paid to travel.'
I was born in Fayette County, over in Lexington, Kentucky, but I was raised most of my life in Paintsville.
It is a really interesting to hear yourself on the radio. I've gotten to hear myself in different capacities. I've heard myself on Sirius XM on the bluegrass channels, and on WSM and other places.
A lot of great bluegrass comes out of Kentucky. There's a lot of great music, like the Judds, Billy Ray Cyrus, Ricky Skaggs, and Keith Whitley. There's a lot of bluegrass intertwined with country music.
The goal is always just to write the best song that you can write. I mean, the process for writing a song is the process for writing a song. It's not something I look at it as something I need to do something different.
I don't look at family and what I do for a living as separate things. They're all kind of one thing, and this is part of their life just like it's part of mine.
I went to college a little bit, and that didn't work out, and I didn't finish. So, I would play in bars until I ran out of money, and then I'd get a real job.
I'm not a hustler. I don't pitch songs. I don't ask people to write with me. It's not what I do.
I like songs that make me feel tough. Like 'Back in Black.' You want to hear it again and get in a fight.
I'm always trying to do as many different things as I can, just so when one is not doing so hot, maybe the other is still there.
I just try to make the best music that I can. People are going to label it whatever they're going to label it.
I like things that don't sound particularly processed or mechanical or made by machines. I like music that contains human elements, with all their flaws. There's air in it, and you can hear a room of a bunch of guys playing. Those are the magic parts.
When you're writing with an artist or for an artist, you have to help them serve their vision. That's the cool part about writing songs. There are no rules.
I am always interested in making myself as uncomfortable as I can. Sometimes I ask myself, 'Can I stand onstage and sing this song and sell it?' Sometimes I can't. In a room, you get to pretend a little bit and step outside of yourself.
The show isn't about screens, and we don't have any video content or lasers or things blowing up. I want people to come to our show to listen. I want the show to be the music.
I was a car salesman, if you can believe it.
I didn't know they would pay you money to sit in a room and write songs for other people. I always thought that George Strait was singing a song, he made it up, and that was the end of it. But the instant I found that out, that that could be a job, I thought, 'That's the job for me. I gotta figure out how to do that.'
I always like to write the songs, and they get turned loose into the world, and who knows what happens to them. That's the joy of being a songwriter. You get to hear what other people do, interpretation-wise.
I always feel that if you're going to cover a song, you should make it your own and flip it on its head.
I didn't have any expectations with 'Traveller' - I don't think anybody did. That's how I prefer the process to be.
If you think about what everyone else will think, you forget to just make music.
I used to spend my money on going to Tom Petty concerts.
I can pass myself off as a 'Duck Dynasty' impersonator a lot.
I'm always just looking to get back to the joy of playing music, and keeping it simple, as much as I can.
I was writing waltzes at a time when the most popular thing was Shania Twain and the very pop edge of country. I didn't really know how to do much of that.
It's man's work. My dad was gone at 4:30 in the morning and home at 8 at night, and he worked underground, and the last mine he worked in was 26 inches high in a lot of places. He liked the engineering of it - he liked the moving the earth and being able to extract something and put it back for reclamation. He enjoyed the whole process.
Everybody likes to listen to a song because it's fun, and nobody wants to sit around and listen to 'I-really-have-to-analyze-these-lyrics' songs all the time.
I don't see myself as some kind of fightin'-the-good-fight guy. But I always feel like if you don't like one kind of music or the other, it's just not for you.
I'm only worried about what I'm doing or how I present music. I just try to do things I want to listen to, and I think that's what everybody else is try doing, too.
I like places that have history in the sense of - you feel responsible to it.
I want the dude in the top row to feel like he's down there on the front row in a club.
I think, at some point, all of us - I'm gonna speak personally, not for everybody else - you're gonna feel like a one-trick pony, and you might even be a one-trick pony. But at some point, if it's a really good trick, everybody's still gonna appreciate it.
It's a unique thing, and it's probably the thing I love most about songs and music - their ability to connect in a human way.
It's nice to see people invest in what you do as an artist and sing the songs back at you and feel something. You get to feel something more than what you were feeling when you made the record.
I'm a fan of records. I'm a fan of listening to something cover to cover and not wanting to skip over anything.
My earliest memories of music are probably my dad listening to a bunch of outlaw country, but also old R&B and Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin. But, you know, I had rock phases and liked more modern R&B acts. I've always listened to all kinds of music, and I like all kinds of music.
There are great songs out there, and if I love them, and I know them, I'm going to sing them just because that's what songs are for.
I don't make records to win awards. I make records to make records and hopefully make the records as good as they can be.
I like more of the club mentality, where we're playing, and if we feel like we want to play a cover, we'll switch to that.
I'm not reinventing the wheel here. I'm not Chuck Berry or Bill Monroe. Guys like that are from outer space.
I don't look at it as mainstream country versus outsider.
I don't know that my voice ever makes sense anywhere, necessarily. I would sing bluegrass music, and I don't fit in there; I would sing rock music, and I'm probably a little too hillbilly for that. And country, I'm too much rock n' roll for there sometimes.
Everybody gets through a phase where it's, 'Ah, if I could just sound just like Vince Gill.' Then you figure out that you have your own voice, whether you like it or not, and that's what you should stick with.
The first time you listen to someone else's interpretation of what you've created, it's a little unnerving. They'll change lyrics or something almost every time. That's them being an artist, and you appreciate it more over time.
If I have a talent, it lies in the creative process.
For me, the more time you can take and the more care you can take with songs, the better off you're going to be.
I've always believed you should sing songs you can really put yourself into. I think the emotion you put into it is just as important as singing the notes.
I don't ever view myself as a straight country act, and I don't think the straight country acts view me as a straight country act, either - but I certainly belong to them.
College didn't stick, so I worked odd jobs, but I've always written songs and played music. I actually met a guy who was a songwriter, which I didn't realize was a real job.
My dad could hold a tune. He wasn't necessarily a singer, but he did love music, and he listened to it quite loud in the car.
America's military allow the rest of us to do what we do.
The curse of being a songwriter is that's you're always at work. I could look out the window right now and see something that would make me want to write.
Whether you like modern incarnations of what country radio hits are, or you like what I'm doing, or you like something really off in folk, poetry Americana land, it's all just music, man. If you like one of them, great - go buy it.
I don't think country music needs saving from anything.
I like all kinds of music. But I would rather people stop caring about lines.
I think it's OK if somebody likes my music and likes Sam Hunt's music, too. And I think if we're both selling records, it's good for everybody. I think it allows other records to get made.
I'm gonna keep making music that hopefully I think is good, and whatever comes out of that, that will be fine with me.
Anybody who has ever played in bars has played 'Keep Your Hands to Yourself.' It's a monumental piece of rock & roll. It makes you feel exactly like rock & roll is supposed to make you feel.
I grew up less than a mile from folks that lived in shacks with dirt floors. I certainly know that there are needs in this country. Not too far from your house, if you look around, people need to be helped.
Anyone who says it's so easy to write a country hit and that it's just a formula - well, try it sometime. If it was that easy, everybody would be doing it.
If you go in RCA A, you'll realize that it's not just a Nashville thing. It's a studio that belongs to music.
