American,Musician
If people say something rude or off-color, you have to take it with a grain of salt, because they don't know you.
You have to think there's a reason for everything. When a door closes another door opens.
You marry somebody; you love everything about them. You grow to learn about them. You never learn everything.
When I got into music, I wanted to learn guitar just enough to be able to write songs. I wanted to be able to express myself.
My kids are now the most popular kids in their school.
Believe half of what you see and only some of what you hear, unless you hear it from me.
Maybe some people thought I was 'safe' so they didn't really bothered to vote for me at all.
If I win, I'll take my wife and buy her a whole new wardrobe. If she's happy then I'll be happy.
I get to hang out with Billy Bob Thornton at his house. We hang out over there every time we're in L.A., because he doesn't go out. We'll hang and he'll play us some of his tunes. It's pretty awesome.
I was always in bands before, but on 'American Idol,' it was about getting my voice out there. It was always my goal, though, to get a band together again.
As a kid, I was heavily into martial arts and wanted to be the next Jean-Claude Van Damme.
There's going to be a flood of opportunities right now but I don't think I could really talk about them.
I'm looking to see what the bigger picture is.
Ed Kowalczyk is my favorite singer.
I do belong on stage.
I will continue to pursue my music and live my life with my family.
I'd like to be a piano player.
I wanted to be a martial arts film star when I was a teenager.
I'm living my dream now.
What I do doesn't sit well in the world of hipsterville. I don't have a cool card, but I also don't have thin skin.
I'm not ashamed of selling millions of records. I'm very fortunate to be in that position.
The hits always wind up being the songs with big, high choruses. They're the ones too high to sing every night - not that you'll ever, ever hear me complain about having to try.
In the '90s, guitar solos were dead.
I just like music. If it's hookey and good, I dig it.
Some goals you just never really think about trying to achieve because they just seem so out of reach.
It doesn't matter how good you are as a band or how good your music may be; if the fans aren't supporting it and buying your music, it's hard to make it.
