American,Businessman
You can have the best technology in the world, but if you don't have a community who wants to use it and who are excited about it, then it has no purpose.
I really want to move away from the old model in which you have to rely on people giving $10 after a humanitarian crisis to a newer model where people give money but also their time and their skills, whatever they have, to the causes that are personally meaningful to them well before the crisis moment presents itself.
When I was 17, I went to India for six weeks and had what, at the time, was a very challenging trip. You walk down the street and you see lepers and beggars, and there were several of us, a group of Americans. I remember we were just trying to park one night somewhere and people were just sleeping in the parking lot.
I am a person who feels compelled and then gets immersed.
People are doing amazing things right now on the Web.
Maybe it is because of Facebook or something else, but I have been interested in journalism for a long time.
Buzz is not what I am looking for.
The more connected that individual is to an issue they care about, the higher probability there is they will stay involved over a longer period of time.
Five to 10 years from now, if not sooner, the vast majority of 'The New Republic' readers are likely to be reading it on a tablet.
Profit per se is not my motive.
I don't really know what 'community' means. And I never use that word.
I went to boarding school Southern, religious, and straight, and I left boarding school not being at all religious and not being straight.
By 2007, we were finally living in a culture where people get what networks are and what technology can do to connect people.
My real big Internet claim to fame is the fact that I was first to jailbreak the iPhone.
I was trying to figure out how to use the skills I had developed in the world of social change.
My theory of change is that there are already millions of people working day in and day out on the ground to deliver on promises on global change. We need to strengthen those institutions and help those people in the field.
I think Twitter is great.
Ads shouldn't be in people's way.
I knew I wanted to do something at the nexus of what I call global development and technology.
You learn pretty fast that there is no magic solution to poverty.
I fundamentally believe that people have a genuine desire to be positively engaged in the world around them.
Many of us get our news from social networks, blogs, and daily aggregators.
The web has introduced a competitive, and some might argue hostile, landscape for long, in-depth, resource-intensive journalism.
What's really interesting is the introduction of the tablet - not just the iPad, but the Nook and the Kindle. While they aren't going to solve all of our problems, I do think they make it easier for people to pause, linger, read and really process very important ideas.
It takes time for people to get to know a cause or an organization.
No, I'm not running for office someday.
