American,Actress
There is something that happens when you are grateful: You continue to keep receiving blessings. So I will always be grateful.
I just have to be very clear. Whether or not I lose weight or stay the same, it's purely a choice of mine for health. Not because I think that plus size, curvy, voluptuous, big bodies aren't attractive - because I think they're awesome and sexy.
I'm paving the road for other women and men who know they're destined for greatness, but they don't believe it yet.
Until you love yourself, until you really believe that, you're stopped in your tracks. That's why it's so important to wear what you want to wear and be who you want to be.
I eat my feelings - when I'm happy, when I'm sad.
It's impossible to accept love from anyone else if you don't love yourself. It's a big issue, particularly for us plus-size ladies and for anyone dealing with weight, because we're not taught to love ourselves or be our own cheerleaders.
There are plus-size women who've paved the way - Rebel Wilson, Gabby Sidibe, Melissa McCarthy. I can't wait for the day when I can have a conversation, and it's not about the size of my pants but how I prepared for the role.
I taught preschool previously, so I was like, 'Oh, I can teach little kids to act, and I can go back home.'
I have no shame when it comes to making people laugh. I don't care what I look like.
I wanted to be the female Jim Carrey.
You can't be hateful because you love yourself. And we're extensions of each other; we're all connected.
I wanted to entertain and make people laugh. I think it really hit in third grade, but once I was in high school, I joined chamber choir. I wanted to do musical theater, too, but they had rehearsals at the same time. That was a bit of 'Sophie's Choice.'
When I turned 30, I had this epiphany that my life is my own and my choices are my own.
If I find a cute skirt, I'm not fixated on a brand.
I would love to go on 'The Biggest Loser,' where it's a concentrated thing.
If you can't love who you are now, you can't get to the place you want to be.
So much of the mainstream media has taught us what beauty is, but everyone is beautiful.
I, as Chrissy, want to do things that mentally, emotionally and physically make me the best that I can be.
Why not have a motivation beyond me to get to a healthy weight? Every actor does that. We're chameleons. We change; we grow as an actor. You lose weight, you gain weight, you change your hair or whatever.
When I first heard 'Harper's Bazaar' wanted me to be sexy, I was like, 'Who, me?' I knew y'all were edgy, but this is incredible - it's validation.
I'm on this journey to inspire people and to encourage them.
You don't realize that somebody who's average or even very fit could relate to someone who's overweight, but it's not about our size - it's how we look at ourselves and how we feel about ourselves.
I want to have a fit, healthy body and not have to be put in a box. I don't want to be limited by anything.
I don't have to have a man in my life, and I think men are attracted to that.
I would say that when you do something out of the goodness of your heart, and you don't know what the repercussions will be, you have to live with that. And it can be devastating. Because the intention was there.
The way I stand up to bullies is with kindness and love. Because I think that's what they really need. They're misunderstood and probably really upset themselves.
I remember being a kid and always feeling a little different than all my friends.
I have been in Los Angeles for a long time, and I have wanted to be a series lead for a long time. It's literally on my bucket list.
I look in the mirror, and I'm a plus-size girl, but I got it going on.
I'm ready to encourage and support people on their journey because I've been encouraged and supported. I just hope I make people proud.
I have been able to help my friends and people that I believe in pay their bills and stay afloat in L.A. while following their dreams.
I am of the thinking that everything happens as it should and when it should.
I kept auditioning, with no savings and no money, credit card debt gaining interest. I went on unemployment. I bought ramen noodles at dollar stores. I never had to - God forbid - live on the streets.
I moved in with a roommate who told me, 'Stay with me until you can afford rent. Don't give up.' People who supported me were like, 'If you don't have money for food, I'll cook you dinner. You don't have money for acting class? Let's get together and read lines.'
When I booked 'This Is Us,' I had 81 cents in my bank account.
I try to be present in the moment and to be authentic, and to listen.
When you listen, as a human being and an actor, you can react authentically.
I try to not to overanalyze, not to watch myself too much, but to be present in life and in my art. I'm so glad it comes off in that way.
Our weights fluctuate: Some people gain or lose, even friends who are average size. If I would say 'I'm fat,' my friends would say, 'Don't say that!' And I'd think, 'Are you offended, you can't handle the word? Or do you think I am embarrassed?'
Whether you're tall and you play a basketball player, or overweight and you play somebody who is dealing with the issues behind the weight, we all have to pull from real life to make those performances authentic.
Most of my stuff comes from Eloquii, Torrid, Lane Bryant - even Target!
When I'm not shooting, I'm a leggings and boots girl. I like cute and casual - for me, it's all about feeling good and being comfortable.
If there was going to be a pioneer of the plus-size girl of my shape on TV, why not me?
I want to wear something because I love it, not because it follows the rules.
I know that sounds corny. And I know you've heard it before. But it's really true: We're so much more than our bodies.
I'm just kind of in love with Kathy Bates. And Sarah Paulson.
I have revered Mandy Moore for so long, and I just love her, and she's just, like, a perfect human.
I carry a lot of my weight in my stomach. I just want to have... not even a number, but to have my body in a different shape.
My father is a big guy; he's had a quadruple bypass surgery, and that's scary. Those are real things that happen in families with overweight people, and I don't want that.
