American,Director
The rules are simple. Take your work, but never yourself, seriously. Pour in the love and whatever skill you have, and it will come out.
Anyone can negatively criticize - it is the cheapest of all comment because it requires not a modicum of the effort that suggestion requires.
Fog and smog should not be confused and are easily separated by color.
A lion's work hours are only when he's hungry; once he's satisfied, the predator and prey live peacefully together.
Early experiences convinced me that animals can and do have quite distinct personalities.
The only thing an adult can give a child is time.
When critics sit in judgment it is hard to tell where justice leaves off and vengeance begins.
Comedy is unusual people in real situations; farce is real people in unusual situations.
Human beings will line up for miles to buy a bucket of catastrophes, but don't try selling sunshine and light - you'll go broke.
Each character represented a trait that resides in me.
I'm still astonished that somebody would offer me a job and pay me to do what I wanted to do.
The older I get, the more individuality I find in animals and the less I find in humans.
The only time a wife listens to her husband is when he's asleep.
The whole essence of good drawing - and of good thinking, perhaps - is to work a subject down to the simplest form possible and still have it believable for what it is meant to be.
There's only one test of a great children's book, or a great children's film, and that is this: If it can be read or viewed with pleasure by adults, then it has the chance to be a great children's film, or a great children's book.
If you want a midget to look like a baby, don't put a cigar in his mouth.
The author O. Henry taught me about the value of the unexpected. He once wrote about the noise of flowers and the smell of birds - the birds were chickens and the flowers dried sunflowers rattling against a wall.
Disney was not a good animator, he didn't draw well at all, but he was always a great idea man, and a good writer.
Anxiety is the handmaiden of creativity.
Comedy is a very, very, very stringent business.
I have come to know Bugs so well that I no longer have to think about what he is doing in any situation.
I have to think as Bugs Bunny, not of Bugs Bunny.
I started reading when I was about three, a little over three.
If you start with character, you probably will end up with good drawings.
In 1918, when I was 6 or 7 years old, radio was just coming into use in the Great War.
Jackie Gleason said that comedy is the most exacting form of dramatic art, because it has an instant critic: laughter.
