American,Politician
I've always believed in local government.
We can't continue to tax, borrow, and spend at the rates that we are, and it's just got to be stopped.
We've got to look at waste, fraud, and abuse across the board.
I've always loved small business.
Whether you are Hillary Clinton or any other lefty out there, you better beware because Trey Gowdy is out there, and he is going to get you.
It takes time for 700,000 people to get to know their congressman.
When I came to Congress, I campaigned for fiscal responsibility. And the earmarking problem and crisis caused a great erosion in the public's confidence in Congress. We've got to find a way to do it without that. And I'm confident that we can.
Nobody wants the United States to default on its debt. Nobody. But, at some point in time, we've got to address the fiscal woes of this nation.
We won the Cold War because we showed nuclear vigilance and diligence.
We live in a dangerous world, and Russia has not complied with existing treaties.
I'm a can-do conservative, and I just love the job, and I think I'm going to get re-elected.
I wear frayed khaki pants.
I've never been a show horse or particularly charismatic. I'm just the guy who gets up and works hard every day.
I don't view our approach as negative. I view our approach that when you have a candidate in a Republican primary make statements that would make his position to the left of Nancy Pelosi and Barack Obama on immigration... we need to bring that out to the people.
Having no experience in running a business, President Obama just doesn't get it. In fact, he fights against it. Just recently, he said, 'If you've got a business - you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen.'
Foreign terrorists are using technology to radicalize Americans at a troubling pace that continues to increase.
ISIS is luring Americans with empty and false promises that do not reflect reality on the ground in Iraq.
Any time you have someone's first-hand account of the sheer terror that ISIS can provoke... that's powerful.
It's incumbent upon all members of Congress to support legislation that keeps us safe at home and abroad.
When you have... bipartisan support, it shouldn't devolve into a bipartisan fight.
We all have to be concerned about the world being very dangerous.
We need to encourage and reward those who play by the rules.
Small business is the backbone of America.
We want real job creation and a fertile business environment for small business owners.
We're all still kids when it comes to baseball.
As Obamacare devolves and starts to fall apart, what do you get? This big-government largesse that is involved in Obamacare, my fear is that it's going to devolve into a single-payer system, and we really can't afford to let that happen.
