American,Artist
A photograph doesn't gain weight or lose weight, or change from being happy to being sad. It's frozen. You can use it, then recycle it.
Inspiration is highly overrated. If you sit around and wait for the clouds to part, it's not liable to ever happen. More often than not, work is salvation.
What difference does it make whether you're looking at a photograph or looking at a still life in front of you? You still have to look.
Never let anyone define what you are capable of by using parameters that don't apply to you.
I knew from the age of five what I wanted to do. The one thing I could do was draw. I couldn't draw that much better than some of the other kids, but I cared more and I wanted it badly.
Sculpture occupies real space like we do... you walk around it and relate to it almost as another person or another object.
I'm plagued with indecision in my life. I can't figure out what to order in a restaurant.
You don't have to reinvent the wheel every day. Today you will do what you did yesterday, and tomorrow you will do what you did today. Eventually you will get somewhere.
I wanted to translate from one flat surface to another. In fact, my learning disabilities controlled a lot of things. I don't recognize faces, so I'm sure it's what drove me to portraits in the first place.
A face is a road map of someone's life. Without any need to amplify that or draw attention to it, there's a great deal that's communicated about who this person is and what their life experiences have been.
Any artist who goes to Las Vegas is an idiot as far as I am concerned. Whoever goes to Las Vegas can stay in Las Vegas.
I don't work with inspiration. Inspiration is for amateurs. I just get to work.
All the fingerprint paintings are done without a grid.
I think I was driven to paint portraits to commit images of friends and family to memory. I have face blindness, and once a face is flattened out, I can remember it better.
Neurologically, I'm a quadriplegic, so virtually everything about my work has been driven by my learning disabilities, which are quite severe, and my lack of facial recognition, which I'm sure is what drove me to paint portraits in the first place.
I think women realise that I love women, and very often women seem to love me.
Painting is the most magical of mediums. The transcendence is truly amazing to me every time I go to a museum and I see how somebody figured another way to rub colored dirt on a flat surface and make space where there is no space or make you think of a life experience.
I think most paintings are a record of the decisions that the artist made. I just perhaps make them a little clearer than some people have.
The reason I don't like realist, photorealist, neorealist, or whatever, is that I am as interested in the artificial as I am in the real.
Painting is a lie. It's the most magic of all media, the most transcendent. It makes space where there is no space.
Ease is the enemy of the artist. When things get too easy, you're in trouble.
If the bottom dropped out of the market and the artist was not going to sell anything, he or she will keep working, and the dealer will keep trying to find some way to convince somebody to buy this stuff.
I have a great deal of difficulty recognizing faces, especially if I haven't - if I've just met somebody, it's hopeless.
There are so many artists that are dyslexic or learning disabled, it's just phenomenal. There's also an unbelievably high proportion of artists who are left-handed, and a high correlation between left-handedness and learning disabilities.
Painting is the frozen evidence of a performance.
I'm very interested in how we read things, especially the link between seeing two-dimensional and three-dimensional images, because of how I read.
I only have so much time and energy and money, and I'm going to put it into my work.
I have no intention of flattering people. I like wrinkles and crow's feet and flaws, and somebody should know, if I'm going to photograph them, that's going to show up, you know?
Women in general interest me. I like how women are more liable to talk about real things, personal things.
