American,Model
I always knew I wanted to have children. When I met my husband, Rande, I thought, 'This is the guy.' When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs.
Having children really changes your priorities.
I think if people are passionate about something, it could be real estate or biochemistry, and that spark gets turned on in them, everyone's beautiful in that zone.
I don't want to have to be beautiful all the time. I want to be able to look cruddy in my weekend sweats, with a pimple on my face and pimple cream on top of the pimple. The expectation to always be beautiful bothers me.
I'm not a fan of fillers at all. If you've gone 35 or 40 years without big lips, I don't think it's time to start plumping them up artificially.
It's a huge change for your body. You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei.
Even I don't wake up looking like Cindy Crawford.
I hated turning 40; the whole idea of it stank. But once I got through it, I was fine.
Being a nice girl from the Mid-West, my inclination is always to give in and say yes because I want people to like me.
I like to work. The self-esteem and satisfaction that I get from working makes me a better person, which makes me a better mom.
I have cellulite. I admit it. But sometimes I just say, 'Screw it, I am going to wear a bikini.'
Nobody in my family ever thought that I'd a be a model.
I want my home to look good, feel good, and smell good. I want it to be inclusive, to reflect the people who live there.
The thing I like about my body is that it's strong. I can move furniture around my apartment. I can ride my horse... I can play basketball. It's a well functioning machine.
Obviously, your family life is the priority, but there's still other stuff you have to get done in a day. I think the way I make it work is by taking care of myself, and that includes fitness and eating right and all those things, but also by being very organized and punctual.
When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs.
You don't have to do the picture, you have to do the autograph, but it's important to take that moment to make a human connection.
The good thing about people underestimating models is that the bar is set so low, you tend to impress people more easily.
Our family room, where we live, is about togetherness and ease. Nothing in my house is too formal. There are no coasters on tables; the kids can eat Popsicles on the couch if they want to. I let them ride these little cycles we got for them when they were 3 that have rubber wheels and no pedals.
Not that I believe you can have it all: I believe you can have it all, just not at the same time.
Fashion and style is just that. Fashion and style. It's not brain surgery.
They were doing a full back shot of me in a swimsuit and I thought, Oh my God, I have to be so brave. See, every woman hates herself from behind.
But I try to steal other moments. Sometimes I get up very early in the morning and enjoy a quiet house and cup of tea before the craziness begins. Other times, I'll take a quick walk on the beach. You can find peace in a few minutes.
Even in normal life, I'm not the skinniest model.
I am not a fine chef, but I can certainly get dinner on the table for 14 people. With that many, I try to keep it simple: salmon, mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach, and salad.
Richard doesn't really like me to kill bugs, but sometimes I can't help it.
Life is where you're at. Whatever you're doing is enough. You don't need to do everything well all the time. When you live your life like that, it's a huge relief.
I think a lot of people secretly wish they were a rock star, and I'm no exception.
I just want to be a nice girl from the Midwest - I don't want to have to act like a heavy to be taken seriously, and I resent that I have to be so pushy and political sometimes just to do my job.
I married someone whom I was close friends with first. I think that was a really good move.
