American,Model
When you're modeling you're actually acting for the camera and the photographer. It's more fun, too because there are no lines to memorize.
A good photographer can make you look incredible, even when you're not feeling very sexy.
You should see me without makeup.
I love room service!
You have to surround yourself with really good people and have a very thick skin.
So many celebrity websites you go to are so sterile that you know they just pay somebody to do it and there's not even an ounce of them in it.
Being on the cover of a magazine with my son is the best thing ever. It took me 18 years to get my first cover, he gets one at 8 months.
The more I learn and read about the 10th Muse i realize what a great fan base and cult following she has. I'm going to try to live up to the fantastic image of the 10th Muse!
I've lived my life in a way that I feel would be an example to young women and I've always given my best in everything I've tried.
Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that.
I've done over 125 posters and I have worked with some of the best photographers in the world. They made me America's Number one Pin Up.
Gotham Games called me, and I could not be more thrilled. I've been waiting to be in a video game forever, so when they called there was no hesitation.
To me, bigger is better.
My bed is actually two king beds put together.
I do have the 'girl next door' image.
I was really stuck in the whole Farah Fawcett hairdo long after it was past being in fashion.
I really did put up all my wedding pictures on my website. And I swear to you, my wedding pictures got downloaded just as much as my bikini pictures.
My favorite meal is turkey and mashed potatoes. I love Thanksgiving, it's just my favorite. I can have Thanksgiving all year round.
I am spoiled, it's true. I don't even know how to use that thing in the kitchen with the burners.
There's always someone following your next step.
There's no such thing as an overnight success. It took me a long to get there.
Infertility is this huge emotional roller coaster. If you want in your heart more than anything to have a baby, it's the hardest thing you will ever go through physically, emotionally, and financially.
I have been blessed in my career and I was able to afford the extra procedures and everything to have my children. Does that make me a better mother than someone who cannot afford it? No, of course not.
We have so many kids in America to be adopted, but it's expensive. All these families that want children aren't able to because of the financial aspect, and that, to me, is just the most disgusting thing ever.
Here in America we so are for family values, yet insurance companies do not cover all fertility procedures.
I married the man of my dreams in 1998.
