American,Activist
I believe that it is my right and responsibility as an American to question our government when our government is wrong.
Loyalty to the true, core values and roots of democracy is what makes a true patriot, not loyalty to a symbol of the country.
We can't allow any war for imperialism or greed to be fought in our names. This is what we need to keep fighting for.
Our country has been overtaken by murderous thugs... gangsters who lust after fortunes and power.
I have been known for some time as a person who speaks the truth and speaks it strongly. I have always called a liar a liar and a hypocrite a hypocrite.
We're not going to cure terrorism and spread peace and goodwill in the Middle East by killing innocent people, or I'm not even saying our bullets and bombs are killing them. The occupation that they don't have food. They don't have clean water. They don't have electricity. They don't have medicine. They don't have doctors.
I think that there are some people on the so-called Left who might say we have to circle our wagons around the first African American president, and to me that is racism in reverse because his policies are actually still the racist policies of empire.
Many people in San Francisco know me, and they know my persistence.
If we stick together as an American people we can bring down the war criminals that are running our country right now.
I'm just so honored that the universe chose me to be the spark that has set off a raging inferno.
I don't understand why, to rise to the level of being president of my country, one has to be a monster. I used to say that George Bush was defiling the Oval Office, but it's been held by a long line of monsters. We don't have to support our administrations to love our country.
We can't let somebody rise to the top who will pardon these war criminals. Because they need to go to prison for what they've done in this world. We can't have a pardon. They need to pay for what they've done.
Let's push the Pentagon off the fiscal cliff.
We haven't been happy with the way the war has been handled. The president has changed his reasons for being over there every time a reason is proven false or an objective reached.
58% of the American public are with us. We're preaching to the choir, but the choir's not singing, if all of the 58% started singing, this war would end.
When I was growing up, it was 'Communists'. Now it's 'Terrorists'. So you always have to have somebody to fight and be afraid of, so the war machine can build more bombs, guns, and bullets and everything.
It's up to us, the people, to break immoral laws, and resist. As soon as the leaders of a country lie to you, they have no authority over you. These maniacs have no authority over us. And they might be able to put our bodies in prison, but they can't put our spirits in prison.
So what really gets me is these chickenhawks, who sent our kids to die, without ever serving in a war themselves. They don't know what it's all about.
I admire President Chavez for his strength to resist the United States. Instead, Bush is waging a war of terrorism against the world.
I believe that any candidate who supports the war should not receive our support. It doesn't matter if they're Senator Clinton or whoever.
I was told my son was killed in the war on terror. He was killed by George Bush's war of terror on the world.
I would love to support Hillary for president if she would come out against the travesty in Iraq. But I don't think she can speak out against the occupation because she supports it.
I've always admired President Chavez for standing up to imperialism and the meddling of the American government in South America.
My son was killed in 2004. I am not paying my taxes for 2004. You killed my son, George Bush, and I don't owe you a penny.
The war in Iraq will end, our troops will come home, Bush will be impeached and he will be brought to justice.
We really need to stop the imperialist tendencies of countries like the United States and Great Britain.
People demonize me; people idolize me; everything I say and do has been scrutinized.
One of the things that pushed me over the edge was that people on the Left were calling me names. How many kicks in the teeth do you have to endure.
My son joined the army to protect America, not Israel.
We were told that we were attacked on 9/11 because the terrorists hate our freedoms and democracy ... not for the real reason: because the Arab Muslims who attacked us hate our Middle Eastern foreign policy.
The Democrats are as much a part of the war machine as the Republicans. We can't let Democrats get off the hook because they're Democrats.
I feel like I gave my son to this country in an illegal and immoral war, and I'll never get him back.
Isn't it nice of the IRS to tell the media where to ambush me before they tell me that the U.S. Attorney is suing me?
No one can sustain rage for long. I am still angry and always will be. My dear son was stolen from me and his family to never return. He was killed for profit and lies. How can I not be angry? Sometimes though, the rage comes back.
'Peace Mom' is my most heartfelt, but I am most proud of 'Myth America' because I nailed the problem and gave the solutions long before the Occupy Movement. I think it's a great organic class analysis.
I loved and protected my own children like a fierce mama bear, but one of them died anyway. It was a dark day when I realized that part of my responsibility in Casey's death was that I did not love all the children of the world in that same real, not abstract, way.
Looking back, all I can say is that the meeting with Bush was one of the most disgusting experiences in my life.
I never go anywhere and encourage people to get married to someone of the same gender or to have abortions - the issue never comes up.
I have lost almost every friend that I had before Casey died.
My son was killed in 2004. I am not paying my taxes for 2004. You killed my son, George Bush, and I don't owe you a penny... You give my son back, and I'll pay my taxes.
If I lived my life according to what Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh said about me, I would just stay in bed all day.
The American electorate are getting disgusted with weaklings who blow where the wind takes them while frittering away our precious lifeblood and borrowing money from our new owners, the Chinese.
