American,Actress
Acting is the greatest answer to my loneliness that I have found.
Every three seconds in the developing world, a child dies needlessly due to lack of basic health care and other things we all take for granted.
Once you get over that peak of puberty, you hit a nice stride.
People confuse fame with validation or love. But fame is not the reward. The reward is getting fulfillment out of doing the thing you love.
I like reading novels because it provides insight into human behavior. I am really interested in feelings and think they are what define us as a species. When you really get it right in acting, it's an act of empathy. You feel less distant from others, and that is really exciting.
Growing up in New York City, I was always encouraged to question authority, and I think I confused patriotism with jingoism.
Growing up, I wanted desperately to please, to be a good girl.
I would sign on for projects that were meant to shoot in July, and then they would postponed and they would bleed into the following semester, and then I'd take a semester off, and then the movie would collapse.
Psychology and acting are very closely linked. It's just about studying people and how they work. It can be an incredible discipline and exercise.
Autism does exist on a spectrum, and there are so many manifestations of it, so many kinds of expressions of it. And every case is particular.
I'm exceptionally open with my own parents, and they're exceptionally open with me.
I've always very earnestly tried to do my best, so I just have to trust that and forgive myself for being fallible.
I don't know any celebrated people that register in a big way who aren't unique.
Germany's fascinating. It's a really rich landscape to film and dramatise.
People talk about 'date night,' and it is true: Sometimes you have to apply yourself, or at least apply lipstick to yourself. You kind of have to dress up, just because. You know, wear heels to your own dinner table.
I really have never been concerned about being beautiful on-screen. That's just not my jam.
Growing up in New York with artist parents - a very liberal environment, where we were always encouraged to challenge the status quo - I think for a long time I confused jingoism with patriotism. And that is a mistake.
The first time I realised I was patriotic was after September 11th.
Working gives you this new perspective. You don't take everything too seriously, and you realise that if you don't do too well on a history test, it's not the end of the world.
Fame doesn't end loneliness.
The big question is always, 'Eyes or lips?' I tend to go with the eyes because I've got a lot more material to work with now - and it saves me from reapplying lipstick! I'm a pretty low-maintenance person and it's too excessive to exaggerate both the eyes and lips.
But I don't know if people are meant to be together. You have to have a lot in common, choose well and be really fortunate. It's not like you're sprinkled with fairy dust. You have to believe that love will be there when you need it.
I have a huge, active imagination, and I think I'm really scared of being alone; because if I'm left to my own devices, I'll just turn into a madwoman.
I do know how to fire a machine gun, so be warned! I'm trained!
I actually think in some ways that it might be more challenging to be bipolar because it's so mercurial - it's so ever-changing. You can't get any traction. You can't build on a system. Whereas, somebody who has Asperger's, which is certainly a much more forgiving expression of autism, can create models for coping and build on them over time.
Relationships are a constant negotiation and balance.
I'm so impressed by Jennifer Lawrence and Carey Mulligan. They have this exquisite taste. They are very gifted in their ability to make great choices.
Steve Martin is one of my favorite performers, writers, artists of all time.
I like reading novels because it provides insight into human behavior.
When you really get it right in acting, it's an act of empathy. You feel less distant from others, and that is really exciting.
I used to have nightmares when I was a little kid that I woke up prematurely and opened all the Christmas presents. And then I would be so relieved when I woke up and I realized that I hadn't done it.
Any story is better with a little love in it, right?
I think 'Breaking Bad' is incredible.
Voice over can be tricky. It can be dangerous because it's over-used or inappropriately used.
It just seems like the most successful, iconic love stories are not so easy or escapist. I think the ones that stay with us and resonate are full of conflict, discord and misunderstandings 'cause that's what makes drama happen or tension even if it's a comedy.
I think people who make movies and have invested a lot of money in them get frightened that if they challenge an audience they are going to repel them. And I think the opposite; it's really true.
I should be so lucky to be a misfit. I aspire to be a misfit.
Most people assume that autistic people are not capable of empathy.
I can get a dance party started pretty much anywhere and anytime.
You have to pick your battles on set.
You have to stay hydrated when you have crying scenes.
I think I would make a lousy stay-at-home mom. It just wouldn't suit me.
I am not a genius. But I am nerdy.
When I was a kid, I was one of those really obnoxious 'oooh oooh' girls, with my hand up in the air constantly. I've learned over the years that that's not so attractive, so I've censored that.
It's funny with jeans now, because if they don't feel like a pair of sweatpants, I don't have patience for them anymore! I think I'm becoming increasingly lazy.
We just can't shake monogamy. It definitely demands a kind of rigor and discipline and selflessness. But it's also fun.
I actually haven't been approached a whole lot for television, believe it or not.
Counterterrorism isn't really about the nunchakus, the guns and gadgets. It's about psychology.
People in the CIA, they marry each other. They're like actors! We have to travel without much warning to far-flung places, and it's very hard to communicate what our experiences are like to those in the outside world.
I have this book club, and we don't read one book; we offer up a few suggestions and create a library over time.
I got an agent when I was 12, and I started working in more amateur productions well before that. But even as a kid, I never felt like a kid actor, you know? I always took myself kind of absurdly seriously.
There was a solid year and a half, perhaps two years, after making 'Temple Grandin,' when I didn't do anything. I just didn't have much patience for roles that were silly, or light, or inconsequential.
Actors want to surprise themselves. When it's really good, you kind of transcend yourself, and that happens infrequently. Very, very rarely.
I was very driven to act from a very young age, and my parents were not only tolerant of that drive but also encouraging.
In New York City, everybody goes into therapy.
I discovered Orson Welles in college; my freshman English professor screened 'Citizen Kane' for us, and I wound up writing a 20-page term paper on it.
If I took my characters home with me, half of my life would be a misery, I think. No, I tend to compartmentalize work from my life. I'm not terribly method.
I particularly love Israel. I've had fantastic experiences there.
Narciso Rodriguez was my first fashion big brother. He made my wedding dress, which was wonderful.
Every time I make a movie, I'm prepared for it to become influential and career-defining - but I have no control over these things.
I would rather not work than be a neurotic mess.
I fantasized about being a psychology major when I first started school, and I took a handful of Psych 101 classes.
College was just so essential for my sense of self and my development.
I have to expose myself and then accept the judgment that audiences and critics will have. And that's okay. I appreciate the elliptical nature of it. Sometimes people are more in the mood to be nice to me than others, and that's great.
Oliver Stone's strategy is to unnerve the actors so as to make them alert and alive.
Acting is a humiliating job, from start to finish.
I discovered Christopher Isherwood in college. His writing style is so direct, warm, and inclusive.
I could truly have gone through life thinking that women were these venomous creatures. Turns out, they're not.
I like marriage. I feel very secure. It helps when you are in love with the person you are married to.
My go-to gifts are scarves from my friend Matin Maulawizada's nonprofit organization, Afghan Hands, which supports disenfranchised women in Afghanistan. In exchange for their beautiful embroidery, the women are given financial aid and classes in math and literacy. The scarves are all stunning and one of a kind.
It's very difficult to judge yourself. Extreme self-doubt is only attractive when it's fictionalized. Which is why people love the movies. They are so reassuring.
My parents never condescended to me. As a child, I always sat at the head of our dinner table. I was always given a lot of responsibility.
I was a very confident child. I knew I wanted to be an actress from the age of 5.
I'm just always learning lines. I've learned to flag the really crucial scenes, and I start figuring them out and committing them to memory as soon as I get them.
By the time I went to Yale, I'd been acting for a long time and I was really tired of it. I was restless - and a little bored - and I was really eager to investigate different parts of myself.
I guess I stopped acting when I was 18 and didn't pick it up again until I was 21. That wasn't the plan, though. When I first started at Yale, the plan was to do a movie each summer.
As a young performer, I didn't know that you can have a great time playing someone in terrible crisis. The more you know it's not real, the deeper you can go into it. And the easier it is to let it go when it's done.
I've always had a really active imagination. Lots of kids have imaginary friends. Mine just took on a rather demonic form.
I was a serious kid to an absurd degree. I was overwhelmed with responsibility. You know, trying to play grown up. I overdid it.
I'm just a big old nerd.
I would not say that secret-keeping is one of my finer skills, actually.
So much of my job is about finding another job, and that's really boring.
I have to say that my dad's face is very malleable. He's barely got any cartilage in his face. I think I maybe inherited that Play-Doh-like physicality from him.
My first offer was when I was 12, and it was for a soap opera. And I turned it down because I knew that I was an unformed actor, and I didn't want to develop bad habits.
Television lets audiences deeply connect with characters.
I was a pretty nerdy kid. I was pretty nerdy. I'm still kind of nerdy. I have all of the worst qualities of being a nerd - all of the affect and none of the smarts. I'm a useless nerd! That's pretty bad.
I started working when I was very young. I got an agent when I was 12, and fortunately was employed consistently from that point on. So I didn't really go to a conventional high school. I was tutored on sets and things.
I love sitting in the makeup trailer and getting my makeup done in 15 minutes as opposed to an hour and a half.
I care about being formally physically attractive in my life, and I think that I am quite vain about my performance. I'm just not vain about how I look while I give the performance.
I am a feminist.
The twenties are a deceptively challenging-slash-painful time. I'm just glad to be out of that phase.
I'm happier in my thirties. I feel clearer about who I am and less apologetic about it, and more accepting of my limitations and also more aware of the ways in which I'm capable.
I think people are made uncomfortable by uncensored expressions of emotion.
You have to come to work from a place of love.
I still have a book club with my friends from when I was 5. That's the privilege of growing up in a place where people want to remain. It's a huge gift.
I've never been interested or particularly good at censoring my experience.
I would be a terrible CIA officer in real life.
I love Berlin.
I wouldn't say that I'm a naturally political beast.
It's been a great privilege to see how interwoven nations are and how incredibly complex these relationships are. It's so elaborate.
My goal is always to do something that feels just beyond my reach, and 'Homeland' continues to do that. Every season, they find new ways to scare me. The show is like a diamond that fell from the sky. I'll always feel slightly bludgeoned by it, but in the best way possible.
I was an actor who happened to be a kid.
When somebody asks me who I'm wearing, I always see myself with a BabyBjoern, carrying a little tiny Karl Lagerfeld, like, 'I'm wearing Chanel.'
I do feel like I've gotten younger as I've aged.
It's a very young mistake to assume that life is very serious. I get the joke now.
I think you can become dependent on fame and be as known as you want to be, you know?
I just want to be a sane person. I wanna be a person who has a life and who acts.
I don't want to be an actress. I want to be doing good work that is well written and has good people in it.
I eat in moderation and try not to worry about it.
I try to eat sensibly. I cheat, but for the most part, I eat in a clean way.
Some of my happiest moments have been dancing.
It's OK to want to look and feel your best. It's OK to work at being attractive, whatever that means to you. And it's also OK to not expect to be defined by that. It's OK to be powerful in every way: to be big, to take up space. To breathe and thrive.
Oh, I'm full of fear. I care about things; therefore, I have fears. I like to think that I'm brave, which is different. Brave means you're able to admit that you care. If you care, you are vulnerable.
I'm very vain about my performance. I want to give as honest a performance as I can. But I'm not so worried about being regarded as beautiful when I'm playing a character.
I have plenty of vanity in my life. I want to look pretty in the world. But it can be this bottomless pit.
