American,Dramatist
The politicians were talking themselves red, white and blue in the face.
Censorship, like charity, should begin at home, but, unlike charity, it should end there.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
A man has only one escape from his old self: to see a different self in the mirror of some woman's eyes.
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
No good deed goes unpunished.
There are no hopeless situations; there are only men who have grown hopeless about them.
Because I am a woman, I must make unusual efforts to succeed. If I fail, no one will say, 'She doesn't have what it takes'; They will say, 'Women don't have what it takes.'
They say women talk too much. If you have worked in Congress you know that the filibuster was invented by men.
The women who inspired this play deserved to be smacked across the head with a meat ax and that, I flatter myself, is exactly what I smacked them with.
In the final analysis there is no other solution to man's progress but the day's honest work, the day's honest decision, the day's generous utterances, and the day's good deed.
It is matrimonial suicide to be jealous when you have a really good reason.
Women know what men have long forgotten. The ultimate economic and spiritual unit of any civilization is still the family.
Nature abhors a virgin - a frozen asset.
They say that women talk too much. If you have worked in Congress you know that the filibuster was invented by men.
I refuse the compliment that I think like a man, thought has no sex, one either thinks or one does not.
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
But if God wanted us to think with our wombs, why did he give us a brain.
Technological man can't believe in anything that can't be measured, taped, or put into a computer.
I don't have a warm personal enemy left. They've all died off. I miss them terribly because they helped define me.
In politics women type the letters, lick the stamps, distribute the pamphlets and get out the vote. Men get elected.
You know, that's the only good thing about divorce; you get to sleep with your mother.
Advertising has done more to cause the social unrest of the 20th century than any other single factor.
Politicians talk themselves red, white, and blue in the face.
Lying increases the creative faculties, expands the ego, and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
There is nothing like a good dose of another woman to make a man appreciate his wife.
