American,Actress
I was told I was fat in the modeling world, and a director on a shoot told me I needed to lose weight. The J-Lo booty wasn't popular then, and I wanted to be the perfect Hollywood girl - tall, blonde and skinny. I couldn't do the 'tall' because I was 5'2, and I couldn't do the skinny, either.
I believe every woman's body is beautiful in its own way. I have never understood that just because a woman has thick thighs, she is considered fat. For so long, I've been around in the modeling world and have tried to break that barrier. But I think now it's turning around.
I got my boobs done because I wanted to even out my lower half, and I thought that would take the focus away from my hips.
I look at couples in the street who are in their sixties and have been together for 40 years, and they're my idols. That's Ice and me for sure.
I've always had a booty even when I was a baby, and when I was in high school and was skinny, I still had the booty. In Hollywood's eyes, the perfect women has to be a stick figure, tall, blonde hair, with big boobs.
I used to go on all these blogs and all these websites which I really don't like to go and read about at all, and I couldn't care less anymore.
I'd love to have a little Coco if I could have my way. I always dress up my dogs and they probably hate me for it, so it would be nice to dress up a human being.
Ice and I just live our own lives. I have to answer to him, and he has to answer to me, and that's it. We don't care about the outside world, and even though it can be harsh out there, we just have to deal with it.
I never wanted to show my butt, and I always had a problem with it - I'd cover up when I was younger. It wasn't till I got with my husband that I started to change all that. He compliments me all the time, and when your best friend compliments you, it gives you confidence and makes you want to do stuff in life.
After watching 'Peepshow,' people always say to me that it was more than what they expected. It is so much more than a musical. It has a lot of energy and is fast-paced. You are entertained the whole time watching it. One guy from Germany watched 'Peepshow' every single day for the whole week he was in Vegas.
After 'Peepshow,' I really don't know what my next project will be. But I would like to keep on doing theater. I think I could do that forever.
The reason why I started the clothing line Licious is because I had trouble finding clothes for my body type. I figured if I'm having trouble finding clothes for me, being curvy, I know girls with my body type are probably facing the same issue. And so with the help of my designer, I came up with the idea of creating my own clothing line.
My grandma actually put me in girdles when I was around nine or ten because I had hips even then, and she didn't want boys to be attracted to me. Having hips meant you were a full-grown woman, and I was too young for that.
