American,Director
We're so surrounded by so much of this marketing and just being told on a regular basis that you have to like this, you will go here, you want this. I found that to me that fit perfectly into what a theme park of dinosaur would be about.
We would go back and maybe not say that thing to our dad that we said, or maybe be a little nicer to someone who we cared about and had a relationship with when we were young. You know, they're subtle things, but we carry those with us forever. And I think that regret and time travel are intrinsically linked to me.
I can say pretty confidently that I am not the right guy to do a superhero movie, just because I was not a comic book kid. I don't know that mythology, and I don't have it ingrained in me in the way that a lot of these other directors do.
I've said before, if you're going to earnestly sing a song around a campfire, you'd better be a Muppet!
Never since we discovered there were dinosaurs did anyone get sick of them.
There's no such thing as good or bad dinosaurs. There are predators and prey. The T-Rex in 'Jurassic Park' took human lives and saved them. No one interpreted her as good or bad.
I'm a 'Star Wars' kid. I'm a 'Back to the Future' kid. I'm a Spielberg kid.
There's a glee in building a world that is constructed on corporate synergy and all the luxuries of our modern life, and then just tearing it apart. I enjoy that!
'Jurassic World' takes place in a fully functional park on Isla Nublar. It sees more than 20,000 visitors every day. You arrive by ferry from Costa Rica. It has elements of a biological preserve, a safari, a zoo, and a theme park. There is a luxury resort with hotels, restaurants, nightlife and a golf course. And there are dinosaurs.
I didn't watch horror movies when I was a kid. I didn't watch any bad movies.
Kids go through a stage where they love dinosaurs - boy or girl.
There's something about dinosaurs that should be very humbling to human beings.
I don't believe that a female character needs to surrender her femininity in order to be an action hero.
That's the thing about leaks: sometimes they aren't misinterpreted or false.
We've all been disappointed by new installments of the stories we love. But with all this talk of filmmakers 'ruining our childhood,' we forget that right now is someone else's childhood. This is their time. And I have to build something that can take them to the same place those earlier films took us.
'Jurassic Park' movies don't fit into a specific genre. They're sci-fi adventures that also have to be funny, emotional, and scary as hell. That takes a lot of construction, but it can't feel designed.
'Jurassic Park' isn't about the bad luck of three people who keep getting thrown into the same situation.
Like a lot of people my age, I grew up on Amblin movies. They're a part of who I am as a filmmaker and, arguably, as a person.
Nobody wants to make a bad 'Flight of the Navigator' remake. There's just no interest. We're going to do it if it's good.
I tell you, man, I'm every bit as a 'Star Wars' fan as anyone else.
I've said before: 'If you're going to earnestly sing a song around a campfire, you'd better be a Muppet!' Or else we're just not going to buy it.
I was re-watching 'E.T.' recently, and that scene where they're all around the pizza, bringing the pizza in, and gambling and stuff together, it's such an amazing tone, it's so rough, and nobody's really talking about anything, and it feels like you're in that room with them.
I like how you can go back and watch David Lean and John Ford and see the influence that had on Steven Spielberg, especially David Lean, in the camerawork, and yet, you don't watch any Spielberg movie and think of David Lean. Once you're looking for it, you see it all, but it's not in your face.
I love big movies, and I love big moments.
I love the challenge of having one character who is traveling back in time to find someone. Nowadays, the only way we think to find someone is on Facebook.
I was not a kid who watched every movie. I watched a very small number of movies over and over again.
I'm in a kind of weird position where I want to prove that I can do smaller movies.
I'm very interested in 3D.
Big, big movies are in 3D, but we haven't reached a point yet where that's just what a movie is.
I would just encourage people: your childhood belongs to you, and don't give anyone, especially me, the power to ruin your childhood.
Where I live, in Vermont, there's this thing that women know about men, which is this disease: their childhood was so idyllic that nothing in the rest of their life can ever be satisfying. It's almost a plague.
The movies of our particular childhood were so great that it's almost impossible to recapture that magic, especially as adults.
'Jurassic Park' is like 'Star Wars.' Different directors can give a different taste to each movie.
We're surrounded by wonder, and yet we want more, and we want it bigger, faster, louder, better.
For whatever reason, from a young age I've always been able to shoot images and cut them together with sound in a way that was very engaging.
I was joking with my mom that all Jewish mothers now will want their kids to be filmmakers instead of doctors. Because you can make one film, and suddenly you're directing a 'Jurassic Park' movie.
I'm a horrible business person.
I had to travel into the future and direct 'Jurassic World' as myself in 20 years - and I did.
That's the thing about leaks: sometimes they aren't misinterpreted or false. They're real story elements that the filmmakers were hoping to introduce to the audience in a darkened movie theater.
We live in a cult of the upgrade right now. There's always something around the corner that will make whatever you think is cool right now feel obsolete.
Obviously it's a thrill to direct a 'Jurassic Park' film, and it's a great honor.
I feel a lot of films that are shot digitally, even low-budget independent films, they look super slick now. Because the technology is so good that they look too good.
I'm such a proponent of the theatrical experience and the cinematic experience, and we've reached this point where the magicians are not only giving away their tricks, but they're telling us how they're doing the tricks in advance before you even come to the magic show. It'd be nice to get a little of the mystery back in.
I want to go make an original movie. It's all very personal, but I want to define myself a little bit more as a filmmaker and hone my craft.
You really get to direct the movie three times when it comes to the action sequences and the set pieces.
'Jurassic Park' was able to get away with big, dynamic filmmaking that might be out of place in another kind of story.
I thought Charlize Theron was awesome in 'Mad Max,' and that was a very masculine kind of hero.
Anytime somebody tells me they saw 'Safety Not Guaranteed' in the theater, my answer is, 'That was you?'
The public scrutiny element they don't teach you in film school. So few people are ever subjected to it.
I applied everything that I could muster creatively to this mission to find a way to create a new 'Jurassic Park' movie for a new generation.
I think intensity is one thing, and gore is another.
I like very human stories that venture into sci-fi or the supernatural or areas that I think occupy a lot of space in our collective memory for the films that we loved as children.
'Intelligent Life' is kind of a companion piece to 'Safety Not Guaranteed.' Internally, it's a sci-fi romantic thriller.
You get 12 years of childhood, give or take.
I've always been someone with a small circle of friends. Each stretch of my life has been defined by one person who was just my person. We became inseparable for a certain number of years, and that time was our season, just the two of us making our way through life.
In high school, I worked at The Video Room in Oakland, California. It had the largest selection of laser discs in the Bay Area. One guy owned all of them.
Woody Allen movies are like Beatles songs. I can't name my favorite without you immediately naming a better one.
There's no need for a female character that does things like a male character; that's not what makes interesting female characters in my view.
Marketing for a film is tricky because you release stuff without context.
Intimacy between humans need not be relegated to independent film. Real characters can exist no matter what the scale of a movie is.
Small moments can coexist with big moments and even back right up against each other.
If I can build a coalition of people who are interested in what I have to say and what I'm thinking, I hope they'll come with me if I want to go tell a story that doesn't have dinosaurs in it - which I plan to do.
Now, everyone in movies is always rich, and they're always beautiful and graceful-looking.
There are a lot of different elements in play when you're remaking something people care about.
I don't have a PR rep. I live in Vermont.
