American,Actor
I believe in the goodness of man, and I believe we're all connected and that connection is through God. We have our differences. But if we will recognize that we like each other, that we are more common than uncommon, we will work toward what needs to be done to reconcile that.
You can't just take an aspirin and sit around and have 12 donuts and think, 'I took my aspirin so I'm not going to have a heart attack.' It's really important each person take personal responsibility for their health. You can't keep thinking that someone else is going to take care of it. You have to be part of the solution.
If you're truthful with yourself and others, forgiveness clears the path to righteousness, to grace. All we want is grace. We all want that light in our lives. And we can only get that when we go deep into truth.
I'm an actor. It's like being a bricklayer. Sometimes I'm building a little wall, and the next time I'm building a palace.
I love to entertain, I love to make people laugh, cry, and move them, perhaps moving them in their lives.
I'd like to direct some, act in some of them, and produce.
I'm very much looking forward to my 30-40 years of acting, and, as I get older, I'm really looking forward to some of the roles that are out there to play.
If we stop exploring space, we're going to lose the same part of us that found vaccines and penicillin, the part that searches for cures to cancer and AIDS.
In daytime, they're doing 50-60 pages a day, whereas nighttime, you do seven or eight.
It's an addictive thing. It's not so much I like to go win, but it's a rush.
Taking employment out of the country - now that's taking away jobs. These shows employ a lot of people: production, post-production, music supervisors, camera people. A hundred people or more.
There's nothing like coming home here, having the day off or morning off and going surfing. In Orlando I don't know what I would do.
They sent me some tapes of the original Mole and I thought it was pretty intriguing. I'm sort of an experimenter; I thought it'd be interesting to play around and see what's there. It was fun. Turned out to be good.
We need a space program because we need explorers. Its in our souls.
Well, acting was just in me and I tried to avoid it. I didn't want to do what my parents did, you know?
I have to say, though, it's a little strange doing both because Durant is very straight and stern and austere.
I saw the excitement, going to different places, being able to explore emotion in a healthy way.
I'm sort of an experimenter; I thought it'd be interesting to play around and see what's there.
It's a great counter to doing the soap because it's a comedy. It's real physical comedy.
It's not so much I like to go win, but it's a rush. A horrible gut wrenching thing, but it's exciting.
Yeah, I think if I were to go again, I'd try to go more on gut feelings and stick with it. I was on to Frederique. I found clues for everything, I found tons of stuff.
Most everything I do on a creative level is beyond the fame and money. I sort of work as an actor... and take care of my family and mouths to feed and all of that. I don't really care about fame, but our business means money sometimes and financial success, which I can pass on to my family.
'Rust' really started with the passing of my dad, and me really looking back inward to my self about where I stand with all things on a faith/religious/spiritual level. And it's really put me on this interesting road and very educational, I might add, road back to understanding the role of faith in God and Christ in my life.
Most kids have an innate feeling of the sense of God and spirit. But either we forget about it over time, or we're scared away from it.
When you walk away from God, and you walk away from Christ, you're basically uprooting the very foundations of being. So I don't think there is an easy way to do that. Even for the guy who becomes an atheist out of it, it's messy. It ain't pretty.
My mom was the center of my support system, that place I always went to talk things through, whether I was feeling joy or fear. She was always there with a huge, open heart and the best advice.
