American
Everything is politically correct nowadays.
There's no substitute for direct personal interaction.
This is the fundamental problem with the ruling class in Washington, D.C. - the party bosses, the K Street crowd, the lobbyists who control all these politicians. They will do anything to maintain their power. They will do anything. They will say anything.
I think the most important thing is God forbid anything were to happen to Mr. Trump as the president, you want someone who can take over the government the very next day and make sure that their agenda and Mr. Trump's agenda continues to move forward.
Mr. Trump is actually going to accomplish something, and that's why Mr. Trump's campaign has caught on like wildfire across the country and we see these huge crowds that come out.
I'd love to say second place is great, but it's not.
Anything can be negotiated if you have a strong leader.
Donald Trump is the greatest deal maker in the history of our country.
What I'm saying is, 'Look, life is a long thing, and I don't need enemies. I need friends just like Donald Trump.'
The people of New Hampshire want someone in the U.S. Senate with clear, concise views on terrorism. They'll judge a congressman based on the people he associates with, his voting record, and his campaign contributions.
Candidates ignore New Hampshire at their own peril. You all remember President Giuliani? He's done a great job in the White House.
Mr. Trump would need someone to help govern in Washington, D.C. When a complete outsider is picked to lead the ticket, it makes sense to have someone with government experience on it.
Mr. Trump has evolved to the point where he understands that a grass-roots strategy must be supplemented with paid advertising to be able to combat the negative ads that will run against him - and he is prepared or preparing to spend what it takes to make sure his message gets to the voters.
If you don't want to do your job as a U.S. Senator, then please resign your seat and stop taking taxpayer money for a job you're not doing anymore.
The people who are supporting Herman Cain are the type of people that show up and vote in the primary.
President after president has said energy independence is critical. But then you have the EPA tasked to go after American companies producing coal and penalizing them. You can't have it both ways.
What does it take to win in New Hampshire? Grass roots and financial resources.
What happens traditionally in a campaign is they will go out to their list once or twice a week to raise money from their fund-raisers, but when a candidate gets to a general election, you get some donor fatigue because they've already maxed out their campaign to give.
I think Hillary Clinton's probably going to be indicted, is my guess. So anything she can do to deflect from her email scandal and other scandals which are coming down is probably good for her.
I am not a rabble rouser.
Mr. Trump is proud to pay a lower tax rate, the lowest tax rate possible. He fights for every single dollar. That's the mindset you want to bring to the government.
Getting elected as a Republican in Massachusetts is very, very different from being elected as a Republican in New Hampshire.
There is clearly a move among some tea-party people, not all of them, to always elect or nominate the most conservative person, and under that scenario, I don't think Scott Brown would probably be their first choice.
I work for Donald Trump, and everyone knows that.
Donald Trump is the best debater on the debate stage.
What we know is Megyn Kelly is totally obsessed with Mr. Trump.
You have to remember what a super PAC is: a bunch of wealthy donors who want to send a message traditionally other campaigns don't do. This is the problem with the dark money that's involved in politics right now.
Marco Rubio continues to this day to be in favor of open borders.
Of course China, of course Mexico do not want Donald Trump. They know if he gets in and becomes President of the United States, the days of taking advantage of the United States are over.
The people are tired of these mainstream media outlets telling them who should be the boss, who should be the nominee, because it hasn't worked.
