American,Actress
You know, my mother's beautiful, my dad was a really handsome man, and there was a lot of talk about looks when I was growing up.
I'm a gemini, and I get so bored so easily. I mean, I have moved six times in the last eight years.
Some people were offended by a show about cougars.
Some things never change and the intriguing things you fall in love with will become the things you don't like.
There's no doubt that motherhood is the best thing in my life. It's all that really matters.
Aging gracefully is one thing, but trying to slow it down is another.
A lot of my humor does come from anger. It's like, you're not gonna pull one over on me - which is pretty much my motto anyways.
Well, actually, plucking my eyebrows is more of a hobby than a grooming tip.
I have a lot of glass in my house, and I remember saying as a joke once that I clean my stuff with Windex while my friends are over, but then I found myself actually doing that the other day. It's horrible.
Always a godmother, never a mother. That sucks. I've got to get me one of those little accessories.
I'm at peace with myself and where I am. In the past, I was always looking to see how everybody else was doing. I wasn't competitive, I was comparative. I just wanted to be where everybody else was. Now I've gotten to an age when I am not comparing anymore.
I don't think I'm too thin at all. I understand when people say, 'Well your face gets gaunt,' but to get your bottom half to be the right size, your face might have to be a little gaunt. You choose your battles.
When David Arquette and I got engaged we started therapy together. I'd heard that the first year of marriage is the hardest, so we decided to work through all that stuff early.
I would like to do a part that would stretch me. In America it seems to me that you just take your clothes off and that helps, but I wouldn't want to do that.
If I like myself at this weight, then this is what I'm going to be. I don't have an eating disorder.
I don't want to feel I'm responsible for anorexia across the country.
I'm not going to deny it. I'm a neat person, there's no question. But I don't become obsessed with it.
I like TV. It all depends what it is.
I don't have time for superficial friends. I suppose if you're really lonely you can call a superficial friend, but otherwise, what's the point?
Sometimes I use Botox. Compared to most, I use it very sparingly. One time I did too much, though. I feel weird if I can't move my face, and that one time I overdid it, I felt trapped in my own skin.
I get pregnant pretty easily, but I have a hard time keeping them.
I think every relationship has a point where you stop and reevaluate. Are you happy? Have you grown together or apart? What do you share interests in? I think that's a normal thing to do, but it's so much harder when it's done publicly.
Repression is fantastic.
I don't find the whole 'cougar' word that offensive.
I'm kind of all over the place, and I need grounding.
I'd feel better about myself if I did stomach crunches, but I don't.
I think it's hard, the fact that there's a certain age that we can't have kids anymore.
I'd like another child, and maybe if it doesn't work out, I'll adopt.
I guess Pumas are in their 30s. Cougars in their 40s... Jaguars are 50s, and Sabretooths go into the 60s, right?
I love directing.
I think life is really good.
It's nice to be able to let the fans know that you're around and say 'Hi.'
I'm not great at small talk.
I don't like to go to parties.
Oh, I'm kooky.
You never have to guess where you stand with me.
I'm not fake in any way.
What I wish for myself is that I could be the kind of person who just goes, 'This is what I need,' and doesn't feel bad about it.
I really love houses.
I'm not comfortable leaving my house. If someone invites me over, I would go but it's not like I'm one to say, 'Hey, let's hang out at your house tonight.'
I don't like venison or sushi - I don't want to eat what some people think are 'luxurious' foods.
I'm not a big clothes person.
