American,Journalist
Time is something that cannot be bought; it cannot be wagered with God, and it is not in endless supply, Time is simply how you live your life.
Whatever I might have imagined a terminal diagnosis would do to my spirit, it summoned quite the opposite - the greatest appreciation for life itself. So I will never give up, and I will never give in.
I will never give up, and I will never give in.
Everyone has to face obstacles. Everybody has to face hurdles. It's what you do with those that determines how successful you're going to be.
I will live my life full of love and full of fun. It's the only way I know how.
Hope is not just... out in the sky, or accepting the facts or reality. Hope is having optimistic, positive expectations.
Nobody knows how long they have left on Earth. There's no guarantees, and for me, when they tell you - not once, twice, three times - 'You've got a couple weeks to live,' or a couple months, you have to determine how you want to do that.
The way you think influences the way you feel, and the way you feel determines how you act.
I always see the glass half full. I see the beauty in others, and I see the hope for tomorrow. If we don't have hope and faith, we have nothing.
I think my demise has been prematurely reported. That's what I think. I think I'm going take this and make medical history, and I really believe that.
So many times, when you're doing a job, you feel like you're a nuisance at times to people, intruding on their space when you ask them questions; maybe they don't want to deal with you at the time. And now, it's, 'Hey, welcome, where's Craig?' Whereas, now, it's kind of different.
I first met Jim Valvano in the 1980s when he was a frequent guest on our CNN 'Coaches Corner' show based in Atlanta, as he was always in the area recruiting the next North Carolina State basketball phenom.
I grew up in Batavia, Ill., a small town out in the corn fields, west of Chicago. It was boring.
If I've learned anything through all of this, it's that each and every day is a canvas waiting to be painted - an opportunity for love, for fun, for living, for learning.
For our senior picture, they said, 'Black or navy blazer.' And I thought, Why do I want to look like everybody else?
It seems everybody has been somehow affected by cancer, either through a relative or a close friend or somewhere, and they know how devastating cancer can be. And they see me, and I refuse to let it affect how I live and what I do.
Ya gotta think positive.
I will continue to keep fighting sucking the marrow out of life as life sucks the marrow out of me.
Something that I've always been. Always lively. I don't want to be dull.
What is time, really? When you are diagnosed with a terminal disease like cancer or leukemia, your perception of time changes.
There are things you want to do, but you can't really look at the future. You don't know how much there is.
I can't bring out something I've already worn. I want to make sure I don't look down. I want people to say, 'Man, he looks good'.
I've already had two stem cell transplants. Very rarely does somebody have a third, so I have to maintain my strength so I can go through this.
When I was diagnosed with cancer, like so many other people, my life changed forever.
A dramatic turn has matched me with acute myeloid leukemia. From the sidelines to being sidelined, 40 veins and 40 electrolytes.
Sports are supposed to be fun, and so I have fun with the way I dress.
I never complain: 'Oh, I have to go to the hospital and get platelets.' No. It's just something you have to do, so why complain about it?
I don't know how much time I have left, and there are certain things I'd like to do. I've got five kids. Kacy, the oldest, I'd like to see her be happy and fulfilled with her dreams. I want Junior, who gave me the two transplants, I want him to find his niche; I know he's going to make a very big impact someday.
Krista's got a great boyfriend; they've been going together for years. I want to be around to walk her down the aisle.
In 1974 when I was 22 years old, I was working for $95 a week at WSPB, which was an Atlanta Braves-affiliated AM radio station in Sarasota, Florida. Fresh out of Northwestern University, I was the news director at the station, and my main bread and butter was to handle updates during the morning and afternoon drive times.
Sarasota in 1974 was a city of 46,459 people, the 73rd-largest market in the country and sixth-largest in Florida, according to Arbitron Ratings. To supplement my meager salary, I was a bartender at Big Daddy's on St. Armand's Circle and a sailing instructor at nearby Lido Beach.
I was a big sports fan, and I had been closely monitoring Hank Aaron's home run totals since I was a kid playing on the sandlot adjacent to the Foundry and Machine Company in Batavia, Illinois.
Back in the early '70s, there were two airlines that flew puddle jumpers from the Sarasota-Bradenton airport to Atlanta: National and Eastern, neither of which exists today.
I've had every chemo in the alphabet, most of them more than once. Some of them that aren't even in the alphabet, they're just numbers - clinical trials. But I bet if you added all those up, it would have to be like 60- or 70-something. I've had 23 bone marrow aspirations. Having one isn't fun and I've had 23. So that's been tough.
I try to get there three hours before the game, talk with the ushers and the security guards, the coaches and the fans.
