American,Comedian
Two brothers and a sister, my niece, my nephew... we're a very small group. We're very close, very tight-knit. We spend every holiday weekend together.
Looking back, I remember my family laughing a lot. We were never the kind of people that dwelled on hard times. My family laughs when things are tough. Growing up like that, I got used to making jokes about things that were difficult. So when I started doing stand-up, that's what I went towards.
It might sound dramatic and a little grandiose, but as a Latina, I would like to be someone that gives a voice to my culture.
We grew up devout Catholics, so my trips to San Juan always include going to the churches that we used to go to and lighting candles and everything. Everything I do in San Juan is what I used to do with my mom, kind of as a tribute to her.
The first eight years of my life, we lived in an abandoned diner - we were basically squatters.
I love the Rio Grande Valley. I always say it's home - Texas is home. I've been out in L.A. a little over ten years, and I still get so excited when I go back home. It just feels comfortable; it makes me smile.
A lot of my material was based on my family.
I'm not trying to represent the whole Latino community. There are too many different cultures, and Latinos will always say, 'My family doesn't do that.'
As a kid, I really wanted to have my own show. But when you grow up in poverty, people tell you nothing is possible. So I kind of gave up on that dream.
I can't tell a story about a working-class family on a premium channel that you have to pay to get.
I grew up in a very Catholic household. We were pretty conservative.
If I'm laughing, you know I'm either very happy or very sad. I cope with things with jokes.
I couldn't afford therapy, so I just watched 'Frasier.' Season 4 was a breakthrough.
I always knew, even as a kid, that my mom had a really rough life, and I always wanted to make her feel happy and to make her feel good.
I did the 'Wizard of Oz' in third grade, and I was a witch.
My goal has always been to just kind of show how my family, we might be a different culture, but we're completely like everybody else.
Whatever you want to do with your life, you really got to want it. And if you want it, and you work hard, it will happen.
The chances of anyone of any race getting their own show are, like, .001 percent.
Because I grew up in McAllen, we would watch Televisa a lot.
That's what makes a good show. It doesn't target one group. It tells a story everyone gets.
I understand a lot of celebrities lose weight because they have the opportunity to get in shape and become healthier, but when you get so polished, you can't tell the story of a blue-collar family anymore.
My family didn't have money, and I think it made me fearless. I'm willing to try everything and not be afraid because what's the worst that can be happen? It might not work out, but I can't be worse off than when I was a kid.
My favorite movie is 'Die Hard.' It doesn't have pinatas and mariachis. It's just a good movie.
There aren't any concrete steps to becoming a comic.
When you have a different name, people just kind of take the liberty to spell it how they want.
The Texas thing is such a big deal because whenever I see Texas in a TV show, they always show slow-moving cattle and cowboys with the hats. I wanted to show that Texas isn't a stereotype.
