American,Musician
People can save the world by the way they think and by the way they behave and what they hold to be important.
You know, I've been playing with my hair color ever since I was nine.
There's ageism in everything. I don't give a hoot. It isn't what other people think; it's what you think. But it's hard to come to terms with getting older. I admire people like Vivienne Westwood.
I get the greatest feeling when I'm singing. It's other-worldly. Your feet are anchored into the Earth and into this energy force that comes up through your feet and goes up the top of your head and maybe you're holding hands with the angels or the stars, I have no idea.
You always have to remember - no matter what you're told - that God loves all the flowers, even the wild ones that grow on the side of the highway.
You can laugh when I talk, but not when I sing.
I do have a lot of difficulty figuring out what I want to be working on, but what's the alternative? To be one of those people who has a million things they want to do, and then never does any of them? And then where will you be?
I can't judge the way other people behave. I can only look at myself.
Everything does go in a circle.
Just like I am obsessed with the history of fashion, I love reading about the history of makeup.
I come from a line of great Sicilian women, and their mentality is to endure and push through to the other side.
God has more important things to worry about than who I sleep with.
Understand where it is you want to go. Then picture yourself there. If you can picture yourself there, then you can be there. Bottom line.
I've always wondered what it would be like if somebody from outer space landed with three heads. Then all of a sudden everybody else wouldn't look so bad, huh? Well, OK you're a little different from me but, hey, ya got one head.
When I sing I don't feel like it's me. I feel I am fabulous, like I'm 10 feet tall. I am the greatest. I am the strongest. I am Samson. I'm whoever I want to be.
My music is about a joyful experience. I've learned that if you can affect other people, you should.
Sharon Osbourne is such a blast and she's so, so bright.
I've got a Grammy and Emmy, I'd like to have a Tony.
Humour is a great vehicle for getting a message across. If you get too serious, you could die of starch.
I'm in the business where you get the business all the time.
What, do you think that feminism means you hate men?
Sometimes my mind boggles. It's so deep my mind actually boggles.
When I got hoarse, the manager would say, 'Drink this. Joplin used to drink this,' and I used to say, 'Joplin? Joplin's dead.
Somebody did complain to me and tell me that my clothes were so loud they couldn't hear me sing.
You know, I do speak the Queens English. It's just the wrong Queens that's all. It's over the 59th Street Bridge. It's not over the Atlantic Ocean.
I absolutely refuse to reveal my age. What am I - a car?
My torso is short, but my arms are really long and gangly and my legs and my neck, and my feet and hands are really long, and I look like a duck.
