American,Actress
I want my outfit to match my mood.
I'm proud of 'Fifty Shades of Grey.' I don't need to distance myself from that. The more work I do, the more the general public sees the different things I can do. Do I think it opened doors? Yeah. More people know my name.
A film set is the most comfortable place I could be in the world; that's what I know.
I've heard stories of people meeting the loves of their lives online, and that's great. But it freaks me out.
I went through a phase where I loved tattoos, and I loved the feeling of getting tattooed.
It's true that I'm not ashamed of my body. I'm comfortable, and I think more women should be more confident.
I love clothes so much. I feel like whatever I wear is an insight for other people to get to see who I am, or for me to portray how I'm feeling.
The secret is I have no shame.
I think there's a part of a woman that wants to be the thing that breaks a man down.
Seeing a catering truck feels like home.
I would go through phases of wanting to be a mermaid or a vet, but because I grew up around people who were always making movies, I guess it sort of just moulded my mind.
I've only been in long-term relationships. I've never really dated myself.
I'm really a normal person.
I love doing improv. I love comedy. I have always felt this way, even when I was really young.
I'd watch my parents work and think, 'Yeah, I'm going to do that.' It wasn't even a thing. It's the only thing I know how to do.
I'm so happy when I'm working.
When I did 'The Social Network', David Fincher told me that I managed to make a thankless character pretty awesome. I thought that was really cool because I think he's really cool.
I think about my dwindling anonymity, and that's really scary because a very large part of me would be perfectly happy living on a ranch in Colorado and having babies and chickens and horses - which I will do anyway.
I want to hang out with my friends. I want to hang out with my family - well, I sometimes want to hang out with my family!
Sometimes your parents are the ones with the biggest mouths of all time.
I feel like you learn how to do school in second grade through fifth grade. During those years, I was never home.
My parents had some problems of their own that put me in a position of having to deal with very grown-up stuff at a very young age. I needed some help with that, therapy-wise.
I found a red Oscar de la Renta raincoat, and it's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
I did a movie where my character was obsessed with Bruce Lee, so I learned everything about Bruce Lee, read everything, watched his movies.
I have bizarre anxiety about being in a city - I have no idea who I am or where I am.
L.A. really doesn't feel like home to me anymore.
