American,Driver
It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.
Second place is just the first place loser.
I enjoy Saturday night racing.
You can't let one bad moment spoil a bunch of good ones.
Finishing races is important, but racing is more important.
You win some, lose some, and wreck some.
You've got to be closer to the edge than ever to win. That means sometimes you go over the edge, and I don't mean driving, either.
That strategy of racing for the top five and racing for the win is where everybody wants to be.
But I'm good to go through my contract with Childress, and my determination is to win races and try to win that other championship.
I've got to win every race.
I've had confidence in myself all along. It was just a matter of getting the pieces back in place.
When he was young, I told Dale Jr. that hunting and racing are a lot alike. Holding that steering wheel and holding that rifle both mean you better be responsible.
I woke up this morning, and I still don't believe I won the Daytona 500.
Two of my favorite things are my steering wheel and my Remington rifle.
Growing up, I've enjoyed hunting with my father.
With 20 top-10 finishes, I feel we're on the right path.
As a GM Goodwrench Service Plus dealer, I understand how good service makes a difference to our customers.
I don't want to argue with my wife about her car - or my driving.
I started 20 years without missing a race and ESPN started broadcasting on the air waves.
I want to be up front racing.
If I was 30th in points and not making races and not being competitive in races, I could understand them saying I'm over-the-hill or I'm ready to quit or whatever.
If we're going to run for points we need to run in the top-five every week.
It's just really hard to work and get better, building and planning for the future with the new Monte Carlo and keeping the race team intact and keeping them healthy.
Maybe now that we have the same sponsor in Remington we can spend some time together outdoors.
People are going to get older and young guys are going to come in and race and get more competitive.
Richard Childress and myself have made some important innovations on our cars.
