American,Coach
The longer we keep looking back in the rearview mirror, it takes away from everything that's moving forward.
It's that preparation that goes into each week. We have a term: 'Trust your training, trust your teammate, and trust yourself.'
I think, No. 1, I still have a long way to go.
What we can control is our readiness.
As far as the fouls go, we are not going to rely on anyone else to make the calls for us.
We're not Seattle East. We're our own Atlanta, and there are definitely things I learned from Coach Carroll. He had probably the single biggest influence on my coaching career.
One of these topics we talk about with the team on our 'Competition Wednesday' is iron sharpening iron. That's the process we go through to get each other ready, and that's why we have some periods where we get to compete against one another.
That attitude and toughness that we want to play with, that, to me, is the most critical thing.
Tackling still comes down to leverage and owning that leverage and making your hits.
We want to let our play be the judges.
When you are hoping for a call or want something different, I think you lose your edge.
I think it's important that we go through everything together as a team.
Number one, from a tackling standpoint, we teach strike zone hits, and we want to hit absolutely as hard as we can in that strike zone, and that's absolutely what we call a batter in the batters box from the chest all the way down to the knees.
We want to play a really physical style ball, and so, for us tackling, we know we are shoulder-based tackling team, and we want to hit that strike zone just like you're throwing fastballs into that catchers' mitt just as hard as you can.
You love for a quarterback to sometimes make the decision as the rush is coming and make the decision as the play, as opposed to where that computer is hitting it fast and he's knowing where to go with the ball at the right time.
We talk about toughness as a quarterback: it's not sometimes the physical part that you see; it's the mental toughness and the 'I'm going to stand in here, take this shot,' and 'I'm going to deliver it to my guy.'
When it's those division games, that's when it gets ramped up for me.
I think that's the ultimate sign of a teammate and respect is that they compete against one another so hard at practice that here's a chance to share some knowledge inside. It takes some humility to do that.
I do know some missed tackles usually that comes down to leverage, and I know those are correctable and fixable.
Oftentimes, you have to be able to throw it in order to run it.
Communication isn't just directing a guy on what to do: it's passing the information along to the guy that's next to you, and that's where we make the calls come to life.
In our league, it comes right down to the end.
Adrian Clayborn is somebody that relentlessly brings that attitude, energy, and toughness.
Part of what we talk about is, toughness is a talent.
Our central theme is, How good you can get? How hard can I go to see how good you can get?
Each game we play, every game is a championship-game mindset.
For me, it was watching the New York Giants growing up, with Bill Parcells and Lawrence Taylor and that whole crew coming up through the '80s. And then, as I moved on to college, I thought I'd want to coach for sure.
With the coaches, you don't want to hear everybody saying, 'Move over! Back up! Do this!' Let's find out what the players know.
When you have that connection to say, 'I'm going to play for something bigger than myself,' man, you have a chance to do something good.
We don't spend so much time on the opponent that we forget it's really about us.
