American,Writer
I had bill collectors chasing me. We were skipping from town to town, not leaving forwarding addresses. The agent couldn't find me when he sold my book. He finally found me.
I joined the Marines the week I turned 17, and that led to a few experiences that might qualify as adventure - eye of the beholder.
I've always been fascinated by the Mississippi River and the way of life in these small river towns.
Most of my characters aren't hillbillies anyway. Let's just call them proletariat with a disposition towards criminal activity.
I learned my values. It's better to be poor than to be beholden. Wealth is not the object of life. You should be polite as long as possible, and when you can't be polite anymore, don't run.
Earned a bachelor's at 27, then an M.F.A. that is still completely unused and in mint condition, never taken out of the box.
I've bumped into at least three people in town who all insist 'Winter's Bone' is about them.
I always loved the verve and vivacity of pulp and I kind of merged it with my own interest in family stories.
There's an overlap between social-realist fiction and crime fiction - a sweet spot there.
The opening novel of the 'Bayou Trilogy' was the first one I finished.
When I started to be a writer, I was not going to run the risk of boring you.
I didn't really expect to be coming to the Oscars.
I felt like a number of things in me as a writer just clicked.
I have a book in the pipeline of short stories. You want to hear an agent scream, say 'I'm thinking about doing a collection of short stories set in the Ozarks.'
But I've been at writing long enough now to know that every three or four books I have to start a new direction.
I am well aware that the writers of New York, London, and Toronto are more readily noticed, though the shadowy and potent Ozarks Literary Cabal does what it can for me, then nightly joins me for dinner and calls me 'honey.'
I tell the story by feel most of the time, and I am not much given to labyrinthian digressions but seem to be naturally drawn to compression and pace, and the feelings come about on their own.
One of the interesting things about the Ozarks is you just about don't have street crime. It's strictly between people who know each other. It really isn't indiscriminate; it's kind of between themselves.
I was born in West Plains, and we lived here till I was one. Then my dad needed to get a job, so we moved to the St. Louis area. I lived in St. Charles, on the Missouri River, till I was 15.
I liked my fellow Marines. I didn't like pointless orders.
I just really like the verve and muscle of good crime fiction, the narrative punch of it. The underlying principle of good crime fiction is an insistence on a kind of root democracy. I've always responded to that notion.
There are people so alienated from the mainstream of American culture that it's like a parallel universe. They don't expect anything but trouble from the square world. Every time they interact with that world, they're given a ticket, sent to jail, drafted. It's never good. So they live by a separate value system.
I'm not from the movie world. I'm from the book world.
I've been at writing long enough now to know that every three or four books, I have to start a new direction.
You want to hear an agent scream, say, 'I'm thinking about doing a collection of short stories set in the Ozarks.'
The town of St. Charles near St. Louis was founded by a trapper named Blanchette. There is a section that's called Frenchtown on historical markers.
I think there are some folks who don't particularly like what I have to say, but on the whole, the reaction has been very positive.
I think my grandmother Woodrell was most responsible for my becoming a writer. She wasn't quite literate, but was very proud that she attended school as far as the third grade. She worked as a maid, housekeeper and cook.
Just because it's got a gun doesn't make it a crime novel, and just because there's a horse doesn't make it a western.
I know people who have, until recently, lived with dirt floors. There are people who live way back off the grid, without electricity. Not a whole lot, but quite a few. That's a choice for a lot of them. There might be a religious element in their isolation, at least with some of them.
I was thinking of my father's family. I can find their graves, but not that much about them. They didn't do anything notable enough to be in the records of newspapers.
I'm surviving and developing as a writer. I don't know what brings you to mass attention in terms of sales. But I've gotten more and more comfortable with it. Of course if that changes, I'll be comfortable with that. All I can do is write the best books I can.
My father was a salesman, and I always said I wouldn't be one.
I was basically raised to look for chances to get even with several families for stuff that happened 30 or 40 years before I was born.
I like the idea of everybody knowing each other; you know why you're doing things.
As a high-school drop-out, I knew I wanted to write, but I wasn't overly confident that I was going to be writing anything serious. I was happy enough with the idea that I could be a penny-a-word guy and survive.
I don't want to be callous about it, but we all seemed to get over the Oklahoma bombing pretty quickly, and we're never going to get over 9/11.
I had gone to enlist in the Navy, but they had a long waiting list and no need for high-school dropouts.
I guess it's ridiculously romantic, but I wanted to be a full tilt, sink-or-swim writer.
I remember all the writers I started with who I was embarrassed to be around - they were so much better than me. A lot of them are no longer writing. I guess they were better rounded and had other options. Due to social discomfort, I only had the one road.
