American,Athlete
You don't quit after you get beat. You pick yourself up, and you start rebuilding to accomplish your goals.
I'm honored to be one of the guys that is seen as a leader of this great team - a team that has stood the test of time. AKA is one of the only teams that has been around since the beginning of the MMA explosion, and it's a huge honor for me to be named captain.
It is my job to sell these fighters. I'm now a business partner of the UFC. What I do directly affects my paycheck. I try my best. I just don't want people to be indifferent.
My resume, my career, and my legacy in this sport means more to me then collecting some checks.
My confidence comes from my fights and my training.
I was a fan of Jon Jones. I thought he was great.
Gustafsson is a stud, man. He's a good fighter.
You don't get to the highest levels of the sport without having the basics in order.
I'm not on a slander campaign to ruin Jon Jones publicly. That's not what I set out to do.
My confidence comes from knowing I do the right things in my life. I do the right things in the gym. I do the right things all together.
I've done nothing wrong. Some people just don't like me. Maybe I'm somebody that's easy to dislike, but I don't get it. Whatever. I'll do what I do.
People like to call themselves fans of fighting and fans of the sport, but if you're a fan of fighting, how can you not like watching Demetrious Johnson? He's the best at it. He's the pound-for-pound best fighter in the world. Why wouldn't you enjoy watching that guy perform? He does a phenomenal job every time he's in there.
I want to be the best.
If you say John Smith is the greatest wrestler in Oklahoma history, now that's big.
I had a really dark time after the Olympic Games... But then I said to myself, 'This is a sport that's blessed me with a home, with an education, with some money. I can't hate this sport. This sport took me out of Louisiana. This sport gave me a chance when so many people don't get a chance. And I love this sport.'
I grew up in Louisiana. We have red beans and rice, and there's a Popeye's on every corner.
You have to be a champion in all facets of life.
My confidence comes from me, not from Jon Jones. I can't draw my confidence from another person.
I'm not a guy that really likes to pile onto somebody. Doesn't really matter who it is.
I went through a training camp; I worked extremely hard. I prepared for UFC 200. This was the big one. This one meant everything to me.
I have to be smart. You cannot be going in there, trying to go forward and pressure guys, and be taking damage and getting hurt on the way to doing it.
I have definitely worked on that... being efficient and also being smarter with my pressure.
Being able to go forward has been good, you know? I'm lucky to have that ability, to pressure guys and make them falter and wilt.
As a champion and one of the best fighters in the world, guys should always step up to the plate and want to fight Jon Jones.
If I would have won that Olympic gold medal, I would have gotten a job somewhere coaching at a university, and I would be totally content with my life.
If you're the UFC champion, you're the best in the world at what you do, and I get the opportunity to do that.
I'm not really worried about what Anthony Johnson does. I have to worry about what I do to prepare myself.
You don't see many Jon Jones's.
I usually fight a lot. 2015, I fought three times. I fought three of the best guys in the entire world.
I think that Amanda Nunes and Julianna Pena and Valentina Shevchenko... they've showed how much this level has gone up in female fighting in a very short period of time.
I love Mike Tyson. I was a fan, as everybody else was. The moment somebody stood up to him, he didn't do so well. And that's the same thing with Anthony Johnson. The guy's a bully. He wants to intimidate you; he wants to dominate you. He wants to knock you out. But what happens when you don't knock somebody out? What happens?
Fvery time Anthony and I are supposed to fight, the lines come out, and it's like we're dead even. It's like people don't know what to make of a fight between Daniel Cormier and Anthony Johnson, when in reality, it should be very easy to know what to make of a fight between me and Anthony Johnson.
A lot of times, losing a fight is tough. In your darkest hours, I guess your true colors show.
It's all matchups, and I knew that I matched up well against 'Rumble' Johnson.
I'm letting competition drive me, and when competition drives me, I don't think anyone can compete with me.
I will tell you with 100 percent confidence, Jon Jones is not deep in my head. The fact he actually thinks that, it makes me smile every day.
At the end of the day, I'm a man.
I'm gonna live my life the correct way, and I'm gonna be a champion the kids look up to and hopefully aspire to be like.
I believe that I will represent this sport in the best light possible. I won't mess it up. I won't get myself in any trouble.
When I said I could beat Alexander Gustafsson in a standup fight, people laughed at me. They thought, 'No way.' But I believe in what I'm seeing every day.
You can love me, you can hate me, but just don't be indifferent. Care about it enough to watch.
I don't mind Ryan Bader thinking he deserves a title shot.
Throughout my entire life, I've always been a captain. I was the captain of my high school team. I was the captain at Oklahoma State University. I was the captain of the 2008 Olympic team.
I've done nothing but show up and fight, go to work inside the Octagon, outside the Octagon, and do things right. But people want to talk about me and discredit me.
A lot of people want to discredit me.
Some people just don't like you; you cannot satisfy everyone. But I've got a lot of supportive fans - people who do like me, do enjoy what I do.
If you value your wins and you value what you've done over the course of your career, then you wouldn't want people harboring over a loss, even though you fought extremely well.
It's like I cannot separate myself from Jon Jones.
Cain's an animal, man. Cain's a competitor. I want to spar with Cain because I know if I'm able to hang with him here in the gym, once I get out there in the cage and fight, I mean, I've already gone toe-to-toe with Cain Velasquez, you know?
It's very difficult to make a 100% turnaround. It's tough when you actually do exhibit patterns of bad behavior. You need to have a very strong support system of people who are willing to keep you in your place if you're going to overcome these things.
We've seen smaller guys in main event fights, and they do well. It just takes the right combination of people I think. I think Dominick Cruz v. T.J. Dillashaw could have main-evented a PPV and done pretty good.
You have to be very vocal about being willing to fight anyone.
Anthony Johnson hits harder than any other person, no doubt. Every time he hit me, it made me kind of, like, fly all over the place. He was trying to take my head off.
Dan Henderson, even when you're close and he hits you from very, very close, you can feel how heavy his hands are. His hands are pretty powerful.
You've got to be all-in on this sport; you can't be one foot out the door.
I think after I beat Ryan Bader, he should have to go get beat up by Anthony Johnson for being so disrespectful to Anthony Johnson.
My low center of gravity allows me to defend takedowns a lot better than most people. It's very hard to get to my legs. It's going to be really hard to take me down. There are a lot of positives to being my size.
I'm not stuck in Strikeforce. I'm happy to be with them. It's where I started, and they've been great to me.
I'm confident in my team. I'm confident in my coaches. I'm confident in my ability. I worked really hard to become a better mixed martial artist.
Reach, and all that other stuff, doesn't play as big a part in MMA as it does in boxing. Guys don't really fight with their length all that much, because they have to worry about the takedown or kicks. They have to worry about so many other things that they can't just fight real tall.
Jon Jones, grow up, bud. We're going to fight regardless of how you feel. And when we do, and I'm cutting the line, and you might as well pull the guard because I'm taking you down.
When you start fighting, when your dream is to be the champion of the world, when you accomplish that, you don't feel lost. It doesn't hinder you. It only helps.
My training has always been really tough. I've always worked hard. I've always been very committed to my training and focused on my workout.
I've always had a chip on my shoulder. It kind of drives me. It's something that allows me to train harder, train longer, work better.
There are ways to win fights, and sometimes you don't always choose the easiest way to win a fight.
Just being in the gym every day with someone with goals in common is special.
When I came into the gym, I wasn't just some guy. I was a two-time Olympian.
Food doesn't necessarily have to suck in order to be healthy. It doesn't have to be terrible to be healthy anymore.
People in Toronto love to watch fights.
When I watch Rumble Johnson, he's a bully. He bullies guys. He makes them go backward, and he traps them. I'm not going to allow that. If he tries to bully me, I'll stand right in front of him, and if he hits me, I'll hit him right back. And then we'll see how the bully handles it when nobody is going to run away from him.
My daughter passed away in 2003.
I'm not nervous standing with anyone.
In my opinion, whenever you get two guys who want to fight each and two guys who want to be in a good fight, you let them fight.
