American,Actor
Idealism loses to pragmatism when it comes to winning elections.
I was alone a lot as a kid, because my parents were divorced.
I've found that sitting around and obsessing about projects moving forward, when there's actually nothing I can do about it, at a certain point, is really counter-productive.
I really want my career to be as an actor-writer-director-producer, you know? I don't know what will be stronger than the other.
I was a volleyball player as a kid. I played volleyball all the time.
Even from a really young age I was a huge movie buff - five, six, seven, eight. Just loved movies, but in a more in-depth way than most kids that loved movies at that time. I'd find a filmmaker or something and want to see all his movies.
I have absolutely no musical talent of my own!
I studied voice for about two years with an amazing coach, and I never rose above the level of mediocre.
The auditioning process is one in which the actor gets very little information about almost every element of it.
My strangest auditioning experience was when I was reading for a TV show, and right when I started the audition, the casting director left the room and yelled at me from the hallway to keep reading.
I spent so many years of my life as a stage actor and when you do all these plays, a lot of really great plays are very politically driven. They deal with deep social issues, and that's the kind of stuff that I love, as an audience member.
I love the idea of a movie hero in a thriller who is able to get ahead by just his brilliance, and not with a gun or by being an action hero.
I took a lot of writing courses.
I wouldn't say I'm a political junkie. I follow it. I read a few articles every day.
I don't think there is anything more bitter in American politics than a close election.
I think I've had my fill of electoral law.
My goal isn't so much genre, or fact-based or not fact-based. I just want to work on projects that I think could be great.
I think most of America is seeing the strings behind the campaign, and sees the crass political maneuvers that people are making. I mean, they're extremely apparent to me.
I think there are a lot more writers who are actors than you know; they just don't have roles on famous TV shows that you recognize.
I don't use my writing career as a vehicle to get me acting work or to write roles for myself.
