American,Actress
It's not necessary to go far and wide. I mean, you can really find exciting and inspiring things within your hometown.
A movie camera is like having someone you have a crush on watching you from afar - you pretend it's not there.
Being a humanitarian, supporting animal rights activists, human rights activists, it's all the same.
My ideal is to wake up in the morning and run around the meadow naked.
The biodiesel we use is 100 percent, it has no petroleum in it. It was already used in fryers throughout our local area. It's already had one life and now it's going to be used again, which is nice.
Unfortunately, I ended up kind of getting sadly duped, in a way. I haven't had an agent in 10 years, and now I'm doing some of the most interesting films I've ever had an opportunity to play in.
That will only happen if I have a bout of amnesia or if I feel like mooning someone in the audience.
We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers.
There are horses people use for competition, and if they don't perform well or go lame, then people ask the vet to put them down to get the insurance money. And my vet knows I love horses, so he gives them to me.
That's a big goal of mine, to try and grow as much of my own food as possible.
Sometimes it's a character you want to play or a story you want to tell. Sometimes it's just to pay the bills.
So organic farming practices are something that, to me, are interlinked with the idea of using biodiesel.
Obviously we're a consumer nation and you have the power to influence these big corporations who are running the world right now through what you chose to, or not to, purchase.
No one really wants to send their kids off to die for oil.
Most people are really stunned to find out that the technology has been around for more than 100 years, and that the diesel engine was in fact invented to run on vegetable oil.
It's the first villain that I've played in a movie that has absolutely no vulnerability and no innocence, nothing whatsoever that is likeable about her other than she's so bad.
I've never been good in the financial and business arenas. I handle the creative side of things.
I've been using the same editor, thankfully, she's been sticking with me, but I've been doing it full-on guerilla style... I haven't gotten any public sponsor or anything, because I don't want to seem like I'm trying to sell any particular thing.
I'm one of those people who figures that it will eventually sort itself out.
I'd like to provide information, inspiration, and access to whatever goods and services are needed to make it super easy for everyone to change their lifestyle to a sustainable one.
I'd like to be a giant enabler.
I really struggle with that feeling of helplessness. That's why I really try to get my blogs, and even myself, to point to the positive and look at all the inspiring things that are happening.
I love the idea that biodiesel has the potential to support farmers, especially the family farms.
I just finished a film with Michael Radford called Dancing at the Blue Iguana.
I have four dogs, four horses, a cat, and a bunch of wild frogs.
I find that when I play reality-based characters, it is only as fun for me if I have a lot of time to do research. If I don't it just isn't exciting but if I do, it can be fun because I can learn about that person and the world that they live in and I can become somebody else.
