American,Actor
I have a recognizable silhouette.
Being an emcee onstage is mostly about crowd control, about monitoring energy levels.
I was really aware, even while it was happening, that the discovery of arts education in my life sort of saved my life.
Oftentimes, it feels like we spend so much of our life waiting to make art, waiting for somebody to let us do something. You don't really have to do that. You can make it all the time. And 99 percent of the time, it's not going to be a big deal on a global scale. But 100 percent of the time, it's going to make you feel amazing.
As a kid, you don't have a ton of spaces where you are honored, where what you think is honored and what you say is revered.
If a project feels good to you, say yes. And do it with everything that you have and hope that the outcome is good.
All the way on the West Coast, never having seen a Broadway show, it was like, 'They don't want me. There's nothing there for me.' I'd come to New York a lot and never even tried to see a Broadway show. There was no reason for me to do that.
I was so stressed, man. When I was 17, I was so worried about what the hell was going to happen.
The act of being nice to somebody at Starbucks is actually a huge thing. It's a real change you can effect in somebody's life every day.
That's the great thing about how 'SVU' works. They work with so many Broadway actors, they are very used to getting us out in time for the show.
Acting is about finding truth and finding the way to convey the truth.
I think people understand I'm not actually the real Thomas Jefferson.
I get excited to create things that don't exist in the same world as 'Hamilton' because that world is really well done and doesn't need me to inform it anymore.
It's funny because as a rapper, there is - and this is something that Clipping challenges all the time - there is this idea about authenticity as a rapper, in the fact that you rap things that are yours. That's not what doing a play is. You're interpreting somebody else's words.
If you do enough rap shows, you get a pretty good sense of an audience. You start to develop this sense of what a feeling of a room or a group is.
I feel like, anytime I'm onstage, I tend to feel very connected with people in the audience or with the sort of heartbeat or tempo of the audience.
Writing rap songs is about flow, about one word blending seamlessly into the next and creating a thing that is possible to perform in a way that feels natural.
The tricky thing about fast raps is not really the delivery of them; it's the writing of them, with consonants close enough together that you don't trip up over them.
Being with a bunch of people who never take a day off means that you're not taking a day off.
I think this idea of a big break is a lie.
The fact that rap has a strict meter and stays to a click means that you have to make your thoughts concise.
Being multiracial has allowed me to feel comfortable walking in all different circles.
I majored in theater. I did plays. But musicals were not my thing.
To be rapping in a musical on Broadway is just - that sentence doesn't make any sense in my brain.
The fact that I got to do the 'Hamilton' BET Cypher is a totally crazy thing because I've watched the BET Cyphers since it started. I've seen every one. I study them. Because I'm a rapper. It's what you do.
Daveed Diggs is a very nervous person.
As more doors open for me, I try to always bring people who I know through.
I sort of have this feeling about change in general. We can make baby steps on a macro level. We can try to shift policy, voting and changing who's in office. But we can make huge, sweeping changes on a personal level and in your immediate circle, or just the people around you.
I've been sort of gentrification-obsessed. Right before I left Oakland in 2012, I was feeling it. Now I go back sporadically, and the change is drastic.
College was the first time I felt I really had to choose who my friends were.
That's the great thing about being a teenager. You think you're a genius.
Clipping is a very specific, concept-y thing. We have all these rules: we don't sample drums. We create all our own sounds. I don't speak in the first person. We come from a background of experimental music like John Cage... Philip Glass.
We're very used to seeing a huge diversity of white people. You never just expect two white people on TV to feel the same way.
TV is really about keeping things fresh and making sure you have the most energy possible for these very short spurts of time.
There's a lot of spaces that care about what kids are buying. There are a lot of spaces that care about what kids are watching. But there aren't a lot of spaces that care about what kids are saying.
Being on stage, I know my function. I just do the thing.
I love that 'Black-ish' is a pretty traditional sitcom, structurally. It functions like the sitcoms from the '80s and '90s that I grew up with.
Some people get a Broadway show, and that's their end game, and they want to sit there for as long as possible. And some people have other things they want to do with their life.
The way we make history exciting to learn about is by breaking down the barriers that are already set up between these people.
There's this thing about authenticity when you rap, right? Whether or not it's real, it has to feel real.
That's what hip-hop is - it's about meeting the music where you are, and then you add on top of that. It's about coming at it with your full self.
I warm up a lot harder for a Clipping show than I ever did for 'Hamilton.'
I miss doing a straight play.
I call myself a nerd all the time.
Everybody from the Bay has a superiority complex because we're dope.
Hip-hop was indifferent to Broadway. We didn't need Broadway, but I think Broadway needed hip-hop.
I get to say 'no' to a lot of things. That, for an artist, is crazy.
I didn't know a single musical soundtrack, really, growing up. Nobody listened to musicals. That wasn't a thing I did.
I've always been very supported. I've never really been sad. I've just been broke. They are very different things.
I've always gravitated toward technical music in general. I love jazz fusion.
Using something that is really painful, generally, as the percussive element for a beat, I think is cool.
I'm an artist, so days don't start on any regular time.
History is about who tells it.
Broadway was weird.
I've always been a fan of 'Black-ish.'
What writing a poem really does - and what figuring how to perform effectively really does - is forces people to listen to you. It frames your thoughts in such a way that grabs people's attentions and forces them to hear the things that you're actually saying.
Learning how to get a point across is pretty useful in any situation.
Typically, my advice to young artists is not to wait for someone to allow you to do the thing. Just do the thing, and they'll catch up.
