American,Author
I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us.
There are no shortcuts when it comes to getting out of debt.
People are in such a hurry to launch their product or business that they seldom look at marketing from a bird's eye view and they don't create a systematic plan.
We are all in the business of sales. Teachers sell students on learning, parents sell their children on making good grades and behaving, and traditional salesmen sell their products.
You've got to tell your money what to do or it will leave.
The thing I have discovered about working with personal finance is that the good news is that it is not rocket science. Personal finance is about 80 percent behavior. It is only about 20 percent head knowledge.
While I encourage people to save 100% down for a home, a mortgage is the one debt that I don't frown upon.
You don't want to have so much money going toward your mortgage every month that you can't enjoy life or take care of your other financial responsibilities.
You can't be in debt and win. It doesn't work.
My children were taught at an early age how money works and that it comes from hard work. They've been on a commission - not an allowance - since they were little. They learned that if they worked around the house, they got paid. If they didn't work, they didn't get paid.
Hitting bottom and hitting it hard was the worst thing that ever happened to me and the best thing that ever happened to me.
Credit is an 'I love debt' score.
In order to be a great marketer, you have to be focused and intense and look at scarcity, urgency, activity and passion in the marketplace.
You're not a bad parent if you don't save for your kid's college because instead you had to choose to feed them and clothe them. Those things come first. They can go to school and do this thing called 'work' while they're in school.
You need some quick wins in order to stay pumped enough to get out of debt completely.
Children who reach the age of eighteen with their entire skills set composed on Nintendo and eating Doritos have been neglected. Their parents neglected to give them the character traits necessary to live successfully.
When people get scared, they quit giving.
Pay your utilities, gas and other basic needs before paying on your debts.
I think the lie we've told people in the marketplace is that a degree gets you a job. A degree doesn't get you a job. What gets you a job is the ability to carry yourself into that room and shake a hand and look someone in the eye and have people skills. These are the things that cause people to become successful.
We've really got to stop looking to Washington to fix our problems. It obviously doesn't have the ability to do that. People who are successful are not successful because of the president.
I really am not a gold fan.
Most of the things we buy are wants. And we call them needs, but they're wants.
You don't need credit.
I have done stupid with a lot of zeros on the end of it. I know what it looks like.
My wife, Sharon, and I started with nothing when we got married. I was driving a 1902 Pinto and eating off a card table.
You have to teach children about money intentionally - create teachable moments.
