American,Comedian
I'm cool with failing so long as I know that there are people around me that love me unconditionally.
You can become famous but you can't become unfamous. You can become infamous but not unfamous.
I think extreme sports are really good for relieving stress.
You know you must be doing something right if old people like you.
The language you are about to hear... is disturbing.
I just always loved stand-up. It's like magic. You say something, and a whole room full of people laughs together. Say something else, they laugh again. The fact that people come to see that and participate in that... I don't know, it's just like magic.
The world can't tell you who you are. You've just got to figure out who you are and be there, for better or worse.
The hardest thing to do is to be true to yourself, especially when everybody is watching.
Every black American is bilingual. All of them. We speak street vernacular and we speak 'job interview.'
I still think people do have racial hang-ups, but I think one of the reasons I can joke about it is people are shedding those racial hatreds.
If you don't have the right people around you and you're moving at a million miles an hour you can lose yourself.
Most of the people around me have a vested interest in how much money I make. You know, so a celebrity could find themselves in a position where people could have meetings about their life without them involved. And when I say 'their life' I mean not their professional life either. They could talk about their personal life.
You got to be careful of the company you keep.
Fame for me is like a place, a country I'm taking a tour through.
I love being famous - it's phenomenal.
I love my jokes.
I think every group of black guys should have at least one white guy in it.
I'm an introspective dude.
The only thing harder than leaving show business is coming back.
I got real important relationships in my life that are very empowering relationships.
If I can make a teacher's salary doing comedy, I think that's better than being a teacher.
I enjoy my own thoughts sometimes.
My father told me 'Name your price in the beginning. If it ever gets more expensive than the price you name, get out of there.'
My wife asked me once if I weren't a comedian what I would do. I couldn't answer the question. I never imagined doing anything else.
The way the people around you position themselves around you to get in your pockets and in your mind is infuriating to me.
I felt in a lot of instances I was deliberately being put through stress because when you're a guy who generates money, people have a vested interested in controlling you.
My generation is under-entertained.
People don't know what it's like standing up there onstage, when you have a wall of people smiling at you.
There's something about doing stand-up that's cathartic.
The higher up I went, the less happy I was.
Everyone around me says, You're a genius! You're great! That's your voice! But I'm not sure if they're right.
Because I was surrounded by so much negativity at some point that it took me going back and doing stand-up to realize, you know, people really like me.
There's a lot of people who don't want anything from me but to laugh and have a good time. You see them at the show and they like - they dress up to come see your show and stuff. And they pack these auditoriums and it's a lot of fun, man. It's like, this is how I started, and it's still fun for me.
