American,Musician
Moving on, is a simple thing, what it leaves behind is hard.
My guitar was a loyal person to me.
It's not how big your pencil is; it's how you write your name.
The Bible and several other self help or enlightenment books cite the Seven Deadly Sins. They are: pride, greed, lust, envy, wrath, sloth, and gluttony. That pretty much covers everything that we do, that is sinful... or fun for that matter.
I like jazz, but I could never play it. You just sit there with a guitar the size of a Chevy on your chest, wearing a stupid hat, playing the same solo for an hour.
I treat people the way I want to be treated, which makes me odd.
If you guys are going to be throwing beer bottles at us, at least make sure they're full.
If I were president of the United States, I'd build a great wall along the Mexican border and not let anybody in.
I guess because I had such a horrible life growing up, going from place to place not knowing what I was gonna do and ending up being homeless, there was a lot of pain and a lot of anger that was coming out through my guitar playing.
Next thing you know they'll take your thoughts away.
I didn't like the way I was let go from Metallica.
What I couldn't say verbally I was able to express physically through the guitar.
Megadeth is a legend, and I'm not gonna cheapen it like some of these bands that keep going long after they should.
Megadeth doesn't sound anything like Metallica.
Well, the stuff that I liked growing up was AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, but I also liked the Beatles and guys like Cat Stevens and Elton John.
I was always the new kid in school, I'm the kid from a broken family, I'm the kid who had no dad showing up at the father-son stuff, I'm the kid that was using food stamps at the grocery store.
I care about what the fans feel.
No, I care more about what God knows than what man says.
I am interested in politics.
The guitar influence that affected my songwriting came from the New Wave of British Heavy Metal.
I think we were trying to get off Combat from the moment we were on Combat.
I've never believed in singing about Satan and thinking he's cool, because he's not.
I collect books and I have some really, really old schoolbooks, and God is mentioned on every single page.
The very first schoolbook that was written had God all over it.
I wouldn't vote for Obama.
My mom and dad got divorced when I was very young, and growing up in a family where the head of the household wasn't a man made a big difference.
