American,Journalist
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
Skiing combines outdoor fun with knocking down trees with your face.
We believe that electricity exists, because the electric company keeps sending us bills for it, but we cannot figure out how it travels inside wires.
Not all chemicals are bad. Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer.
Scientists now believe that the primary biological function of breasts is to make males stupid.
If you have a big enough dictionary, just about everything is a word.
To an adolescent, there is nothing in the world more embarrassing than a parent.
If you had to identify, in one word, the reason why the human race has not achieved, and never will achieve, its full potential, that word would be 'meetings.'
Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.
Bill Gates is a very rich man today... and do you want to know why? The answer is one word: versions.
Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.
The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery.
Magnetism, as you recall from physics class, is a powerful force that causes certain items to be attracted to refrigerators.
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
The Sixties are now considered a historical period, just like the Roman Empire.
Gravity is a contributing factor in nearly 73 percent of all accidents involving falling objects.
To better understand why you need a personal computer, let's take a look at the pathetic mess you call your life.
Geographically, Ireland is a medium-sized rural island that is slowly but steadily being consumed by sheep.
Violence and smut are of course everywhere on the airwaves. You cannot turn on your television without seeing them, although sometimes you have to hunt around.
Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.
Eugene is located in western Oregon, approximately 278 billion miles from anything.
My problem with chess was that all my pieces wanted to end the game as soon as possible.
Fishing is boring, unless you catch an actual fish, and then it is disgusting.
Your modern teenager is not about to listen to advice from an old person, defined as a person who remembers when there was no Velcro.
The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates.
Skiers view snowboarders as a menace; snowboarders view skiers as Elmer Fudd.
I have been a gigantic Rolling Stones fan since approximately the Spanish-American War.
What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.
Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet.
'Escargot' is French for 'fat crawling bag of phlegm'.
Never assume that the guy understands that you and he have a relationship.
Don't you wish you had a job like mine? All you have to do is think up a certain number of words! Plus, you can repeat words! And they don't even have to be true!
The major parties could conduct live human sacrifices on their podiums during prime time, and I doubt that anybody would notice.
The word user is the word used by the computer professional when they mean idiot.
Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.
The ultimate camping trip was the Lewis and Clark expedition.
The nuclear generator of brain sludge is television.
And so by the fifteenth century, on October 8, the Europeans were looking for a new place to try to get to, and they came up with a new concept: the West.
The simple truth is that balding African-American men look cool when they shave their heads, whereas balding white men look like giant thumbs.
Newspaper readership is declining like crazy. In fact, there's a good chance that nobody is reading my column.
We journalists make it a point to know very little about an extremely wide variety of topics; this is how we stay objective.
We idolized the Beatles, except for those of us who idolized the Rolling Stones, who in those days still had many of their original teeth.
American consumers have no problem with carcinogens, but they will not purchase any product, including floor wax, that has fat in it.
The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins.
I believe that we parents must encourage our children to become educated, so they can get into a good college that we cannot afford.
For me, the worst part of playing golf, by far, has always been hitting the ball.
Big business never pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes.
Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it.
I am not the only person who uses his computer mainly for the purpose of diddling with his computer.
The problem with writing about religion is that you run the risk of offending sincerely religious people, and then they come after you with machetes.
There is a breed of fashion models who weigh no more than an abridged dictionary.
As a child, I was more afraid of tetanus shots than, for example, Dracula.
The world is full of strange phenomena that cannot be explained by the laws of logic or science. Dennis Rodman is only one example.
If you were to open up a baby's head - and I am not for a moment suggesting that you should - you would find nothing but an enormous drool gland.
If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would have made them cute and furry.
In fact, when you get right down to it, almost every explanation Man came up with for anything until about 1926 was stupid.
