American,Author
There's a certain nostalgia and romance in a place you left.
Everybody has a world, and that world is completely hidden until we begin to inquire. As soon as we do, that entire world opens to us and yields itself. And you see how full and complex it is.
Don Quixote is one that comes to mind in comparison to mine, in that they both involve journeys undertaken by older men. That is unusual, because generally the hero of a journey story is very young.
My father is a practicing criminal law attorney in the Seattle area.
At one level you're condemned to the voice you have. But within those confines, you have a certain amount of freedom to range among your possible voices.
Cities produce in me melancholy or a tension I don't need.
Even though I may not intend it when I set out to write the book, these places just emerge as major players in what I'm doing, almost as if they are insisting on it.
Fiction is socially meaningful.
Hemingway said the only way to write about a place is to leave it.
I became paralyzed as an artist with writer's block.
I grew up in Seattle, but I always knew I wanted to leave.
I have relaxed into my persona as an author, although I used to fight that.
I have traveled the entire state and spent a lot of time out of doors. So I have known the landscape of the Columbia Basin for quite a while, and I have had this strong feeling about it for many years.
I often heard about his cases and I often sat in on his trials. In the late 1960s when I was growing up I wanted to be a crusader like him but I didn't want to wear a suit and commute.
I think of myself as a really happy person.
I think you have an obligation to share what you know as a writer.
I was aware that there is an expectation that writers inevitably falter at this stage, that they fail to live up to the promise of their first successful book, that the next book never pleases the way the prior one did. It simply increased my sense of being challenged.
I was born in Washington State and have lived here for 42 plus years.
I was totally absorbed in the real world, the politics, the history, the news, and I just couldn't find my way into the fictional world... When I finally could return to writing the novel, it was in fits and starts.
I write because something inner and unconscious forces me to. That is the first compulsion. The second is one of ethical and moral duty. I feel responsible to tell stories that inspire readers to consider more deeply who they are.
I'm interested in themes that endure from generation to generation.
I'm not an urban person.
It doesn't matter who you are, how many awards you've won, how popular you are, or how much critical acclaim you've had.
It's a brooding melancholy that haunts me.
My book is traditional. It runs counter to the post-modern spirit.
Post-modernism is dead because it didn't address human needs.
