American,Actor
Teasing was big in my family, and there is a wonderful way to tease and make people feel more loved.
I love tennis. I've played it my whole life. Loved it since the age of three. I had an injury, so from the age of 13 to 24 I didn't play much. Then when I moved out to L.A., there were so many tennis courts that I rekindled the love.
My family took me to church when I was like 4 years old, and I had to be in a pageant, and I was playing Jesus.
I grew up around a lot of feminine energy.
That's what I like about acting. You don't know where you'll be in year.
I'd play the same character for ten years if the words and the moments that I'm playing are authentic.
It's always the most fun to play that guy who, like, doesn't have a filter - that really speaks exactly what they're feeling.
I love Jim and Pam at 'The Office.'
My wife is a very talented singer. She sang a lot on 'Roswell,' and I am embarrassed to sing around her.
I actively avoided responsibility for as long as I possibly could.
I graduated from Brown in 2001, moved to New York, and spent a year and a half just looking up 'Backstage' magazine auditions and grinding.
Just because you get a show and it gets on the air doesn't mean jack. It certainly means that you'll be considered for stuff, but you've got to fight and claw to get every job.
The idea of doing a tennis movie is truly unbelievable to me. Well, first of all, they don't really exist.
Sports movies are a genre that I really respond to, but they can be done really poorly and really fall short. The good ones are just so good and inspiring and make you feel good.
My first series, I wouldn't even know where to get a clip of it. It was called 'Cracking Up.' It was on 'FOX' in 2004.
I'm not jaded yet. I'm still at the point where, if someone comes up to me with great energy, I'm happy to meet them.
I like to think everyone is pretty weird but they don't show it.
From the age of 4 or 5, I loved to make people laugh.
Being on stage was all about the palpable energy of a rapt audience hopefully buying into a life onstage. The immediate connection with the audience was the best part for me. The camera is not as fun, but your work is preserved forever. There's immortality to it.
I played the guitar in ninth grade. My sister's friend went on a semester abroad, and she left the guitar at our house for nine months.
It's so hard to make a comedy pilot and have a cool idea.
Boston has a lot of European qualities to it, and one of them is the charm of its above-ground trollies.
Boston is so laced with jerseys that you can be dressed head to toe in team apparel and no one will look twice.
To be perfectly honest, I've gotten attention from gay men for a long time.
I love being around cool, fun guys, so I've always enjoyed talking to gay men. Maybe it's because I'm an inherent flirt, but it just feels very natural.
I have straight married friends that other friends think are gay, and I have gay friends who don't throw that vibe at all. I know there's a full range out there, but I feel that gay men who aren't flamboyant are underrepresented on-screen.
I lived in Koreatown for five years, and I lived blocks away from about seven karaoke bars.
I love Boston, and at some point, my plan is to have a home back there.
Hockey on roller skates is like MMA in a bounce house: the elements are there, but the medium makes the whole thing ridiculous.
I am not a man in decent shape.
My wife likes the hockey smell because it's the smell of a warrior.
If you don't know how to play hockey, learn. If you quit, get back out there.
I think people always respond to real moments.
In TV, you may think your character's one thing for two episodes, and then the third episode it could be something different.
Chemistry's a funny thing. It can be instantaneous, but it helps when you know someone.
I kind of go where the wind blows, and TV has just been how I make a living so far.
It's just nice to be employed.
People only see you as your last role, so it's hard to break out of that.
