American,Comedian
Some days I think I look kind of cute, but other days I try to avoid the mirror.
America is grappling with cultural diversity, and I just want to put a show on that represents the world in which I live.
A friend of mine had his own theater company, and he jumped me in like I was in a gang. And once I came in, it was just that simple. For the first time in my life, I felt, 'This is a career, this is a life that I think I can grow old doing.' It was love at first sight. I loved being on stage and reading these plays. It was great.
Be talented enough to make it and stupid enough to keep trying.
I started acting at the University of Michigan in my sophomore year.
'Dancing With the Stars' is so Middle America, and people take it so seriously.
Every little kid has always wanted to be a race car driver. This gets some of that out.
To be known by the public, honestly. People come up and tell them how good I make them feel.
Don't let anyone try to tell you who you are. Define yourself.
As I get older, my sense of humor is my biggest asset.
I try to make my bed every day for mental health. Coming home to an unmade bed or a room with clothes all over will depress me.
I grew up in a home and in a world in which you can do anything. We were all expected to go to college. My father was a doctor.
I couldn't wait to be, you know, a Black Panther. Of course they wouldn't let me join.
I, myself, identify myself as a heathen.
I want to see gay couples stuck with their significant other at Home Depot with that far away look in their eye, get me out of here.
I wanted to be a leading man - the black lawyer, the black doctor, the black policeman.
I never wanted to lose out on an acting job and wonder if I hadn't been trained enough.
When I was a kid, I wanted to walk with my dad's limp - my dad was my hero - but that infuriated him, and he would make me walk back and forth in the living room until I walked without it.
I wanted something where I could have the clearest and most unfiltered artistic and creative voice.
I had done the sitcom thing to lesser and lesser degrees of success.
I decided sitcoms weren't for me.
The president is always made fun of.
I've tried actively to define myself and redefine myself, and not be pigeonholed.
My father contracted polio on a troop train in Korea.
My grandmother was born in 1900, and she would regale me with tales I call 'Little House on the Prairie' tales, but they were tales of segregated and racist America growing up in Alabama and Mississippi, where she came from.
My father was a doctor.
