American,Actor
I think laughter is the best medicine. If you can't laugh at yourself, then you can't laugh at life and the silliness of it all.
I have a Guinness Book of World Records entry as the most-watched person on television; now I have a new entry as the only man who has a crab named after him.
I'm six foot four, an all-American guy, and handsome and talented as well!
I look good, but I probably have the insides of Elvis.
I think people know that I've got a good heart.
In case you haven't caught the commercials, I'm in the new SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
We made sure nobody died on the show. We made sure nobody ever drowned on 'Baywatch.'
If you don't respect me you're not gonna get that respect back.
If you're not in the game, you can't hit a home run.
My problem is people seem to laugh at me, but the one that laughs harder than anybody is me.
When I play discos in Belfast or freshers' week in Oxford, there are 1,800 kids dressed as me. It's odd, it's funny, and it pays really well.
I love musical theater. That's what I started off to do when I was 7, and my first show was 'Peter Pan.'
Before long, I'll have my own channel - I'll be like Barney.
I let people down easy with inspiration.
I embrace everything.
There are many dying children out there whose last wish is to meet me.
My web site is so fresh. The paint is still wet, but stay tuned, because I have lots of personal things, specifically about what is happening day-to-day, that I will keep updating daily.
I don't care why they love me, as long as they love me. I think people respect me because they feel like - I'm kind of like Christmas. I come back every year. You can't get rid of me. I just keep coming back.
When you realize that life isn't fair, you don't act out, you don't get overly wasted, you don't get self-indulgent. You just move forward.
The difference between men and women seems to be this: I can argue with my promoter downstairs, accuse him of ripping me off, and 20 minutes later we'll be playing golf together. With a lady, the same argument can go on for, like, years.
Ninety-nine percent of people now call me The Hoff - and it's out of respect.
The problem with me is that nothing embarrasses me.
I wanted to play around with the format, really tear it to pieces and shake it up. For example, if Mitch saves someone from drowning, and that person then goes out and releases a virus that kills a million people. Imagine the moral implications of that.
Image is what people perceive my life to be. It's nothing like the truth.
My one ambition was to go to Broadway, and I never gave up on that dream.
My wife is the dancer, but I certainly know how to sing.
I met Cary Grant once, and I was absolutely star struck. I got his autograph.
Wherever I can go, I hit the water, whether it's the ocean, or in L.A. it's Zuma Beach in Malibu; I just hit the water.
That's one of the good things about being recognisable - if you need a quick escape, the cabbies will take care of you.
