American,Musician
Corn ethanol can help in the short term, but it has serious limitations, and none of this is going to work if we don't dramatically improve the efficiency of our cars and trucks.
The direct use of force is such a poor solution to any problem, it is generally employed only by small children and large nations.
As time goes by, I realize that I do trust the wind. And I often write my songs for myself.
Songwriting is the most terrifying thing to me, because you are really laying your heart out there.
I have been writing since I was about 20, and at first I wrote in secret and never showed anybody. I was very concerned about making a living, so I conducted.
My first career was as a coach and a teacher.
When I got to Broadway, I conducted five Broadway shows.
Composition is definitely what I'm born to do, and it came last.
My career keeps shifting; I keep doing the next thing and it keeps growing.
I wanted to produce Nancy LaMott's albums, so I created my own record company.
I publish my own music. I'm creating my own songbook. It works that way for me; I'm very independent.
I fought for years and spent a fortune fighting and never got anywhere.
I don't like to produce albums. I hate producing albums, as a matter of fact, because I'm an obsessed mixer and I can't leave it alone.
I've been doing my big theater projects, which take years, and writing a song here and there.
I've written several deeply personal songs this year, which I really love. Some of them came out of intense sadness. This has been an extremely difficult year for me.
As a person, I'm not that hopeful, but somehow the hopeful part of me reveals itself through my songs.
When my writing really started to take off was when I made a decision that I would write only what I wanted to write, and if 10 people wanted to hear it, that's fine.
I may not be the most famous songwriter in the world, but you know a David Friedman song when you hear it. It took me a long time to appreciate that.
I'm trying to have everything that I put into the world be something that makes a difference in the way I want to make a difference.
For Hunchback, we needed this live, gigantic choir. So we went to London and said, This is Disney! I need singers who can sing high D's, hold them for 18 seconds, and do it 60 times!
It sometimes feels like I'm not doing anything.
I have a musical called Goodbye and Good Luck, based on a Grace Paley short story. I also have King Island Christmas, and there are 20 different productions of it this year.
I write and direct the Duke University Children's Hospital Benefit every year.
I've been doing a lot of studying singing, and I'm thinking of recording an album containing all my old war horses and putting out a songbook at the same time.
There is no seam between my songs and myself-they really are me. It's not like I'm performing; I'm just singing stuff that I really believe.
I'm not comfortable singing in front of people yet. That's going to take another 100 performances.
