American,Businesswoman
Dishonesty, lack of integrity catches up with you.
Working together is the quickest road to marital problems.
If you can market smut and toilet paper, you can market movies.
You have to persevere, you have to just not give up, and you have to know what you want. You have to be able to see your dream.
In some ways I was curt because there's an unbelievable amount to accomplish in a day.
I just love the idea of ordinary people doing extraordinary things, whether it's the success of 'Cool Runnings,' which is the success of four guys from Jamaica who had never seen snow, or whether it's my success, just as a human being.
I don't know that I would say abrasive. In some ways, I was curt because there's an unbelievable amount to accomplish in a day, and maybe I was insensitive considering the pressures and responsibilities of these jobs.
Some children's music is aimed just at kids, and it can be very childlike.
I think exciting sexuality is part of the fantasy, part of the entertainment of a love story.
There's no training for the business, no credentials necessary to enter... It's all about entrepreneurs, innate street intelligence, and instincts. It's a business which encourages people with dreams. That's the essence of Hollywood.
If the doors are going to close on me, it's a little late.
What sets Iris Stevenson apart is her success in a system that in no way supports her - with the hardest possible children to convert.
We manufacture a culture in the movie business, and whatever we put out creates a dark side and a bright side, too.
It hurt me deeply, this reputation as tough, hard, mean.
I'm not Mary Poppins, but I think I functioned with integrity.
I was so busy climbing up this ladder, staying above the water. If there was only room for one woman in a room, I wanted to be her. I'm not proud of it. I certainly don't feel that way now. It was an absolute evolution for me.
I wanted to be respected by filmmakers, and why should they respect me if they saw that my superiors did not treat me with respect.
I would walk into my office, and I would close the door, and I would say, 'I won't cry, I won't cry, I won't cry'... At least, I wasn't going to let them see me cry.
That's my proudest accomplishment: that I don't feel like a grown-up.
In my family, education was something you endured. My parents weren't educated past high school, and the only book in our house was a 'Reader's Digest' condensed book. Can you imagine?
I have to tell you, I'm a great teacher. Ask anybody who worked for me, except some secretaries who weren't very good.
Some friends of mine had parents who made school a treat, a gift - not something to be endured.
It's unfathomable how you live without your mother.
I had an obsession with underarm shields - pointy ones, round ones, full ones, half ones.
I was trained to be loud, passionate, direct. I didn't realize for the longest time I was intimidating.
I'm tired of being the bad guy all the time, saying 'no' to people I like.
I thought it was great being the only girl in the room. I loved the attention. After I got used to it, I didn't want to be the only girl in the room. I had no one to talk to.
It wasn't until I saw 'Rocky' that I realized movies could affect people beyond mere entertainment.
You're not free in life until you're free of wanting other people's approval.
I felt more comfortable in TV than in the film world where the players were more erudite and intellectual.
I don't want my child to have unhealthy values.
