American,Businessman
I think African Americans are resilient and hustlers by nature. I think they need to understand that you can take that hustle to the boardroom, but it has to be an education process.
I believe the last thing I read at night will likely manifest when I'm sleeping. You become what you think about the most.
As an entrepreneur, you never stop learning.
If you go out there and start making noise and making sales - people will find you. Sales cure all. You can talk about how great your business plan is and how well you are going to do. You can make up your own opinions, but you cannot make up your own facts. Sales cure all.
An entrepreneur needs to know what they need, period. Then they need to find an investor who can build off whatever their weaknesses are - whether that's through money, strategic partnerships or knowledge.
If you don't educate yourself, you'll never get out of the starting block because you'll spend all your money making foolish decisions.
Good grooming is integral and impeccable style is a must. If you don't look the part, no one will want to give you time or money.
You don't have to work for a big corporation if you don't want to.
I value an entrepreneur I can get behind and trust, because I know they are attempting to move forward in life.
I'm a big advocate of financial intelligence.
Mentors, by far, are the most important aspects of businesses.
In the founders, I look for a person I feel is trustworthy, driven and smart. I invest in the person first, because in the event the business fails, the person and I can move forward and create another business.
A savvy entrepreneur will not always look for investment money, first.
As an entrepreneur, you love your business like a child, and you're taught to be laser-focused on the business.
An entrepreneur must pitch a potential investor for what the company is worth as well as sell the dream on how much of a profit can be made.
I always tried to align myself with strategic partners, friends, and information to help me with the things that I did not know, and ultimately, I made it.
I've failed way more than I've succeeded.
I had a little delivery van, and I did work around Queens. I was also a waiter at Red Lobster, so I was working on the business in between jobs.
When looking at trends I always ask myself basic and timeless questions about business, and the one I seem to always come back to is, 'How is this different than anything else in the marketplace?'
If I invest in a CEO, I need him or her to have experience in sales.
Most brands started from a strong base and kept a strong belief.
When you have a large amount of the workforce being laid off, some of them have no other choice but to go out there and invent something.
The only thing that scares me in the tech area is that it moves so fast that you have to be ready to invest in 20 things. Because if you just invest in one, next week, somebody has a better mousetrap, and you get taken to the cleaners.
I think Wall Street is very important, especially to tech companies. Wall Street will get in their rhythm and go fund tech companies, and tech companies will go create jobs and employ a lot of people, so there's that aspect of Wall Street.
Fortunately, right now 'entrepreneurship' is one of the business world's biggest buzz words and so many young people in our country are looking up to this new generation of CEO's as their modern day rock stars. Whenever you have that effect, it makes the job of promoting entrepreneurship much easier.
In my mind, there are too many copycat web products out there that are doing the same thing.
