American,Inventor
Every once in a while, a new technology, an old problem, and a big idea turn into an innovation.
Everybody has to be able to participate in a future that they want to live for. That's what technology can do.
More than ever, the world needs good engineers. However, the pool of talent is shrinking not growing.
I do not want to waste any time. And if you are not working on important things, you are wasting time.
Most of the time you will fail, but you will also occasionally succeed. Those occasional successes make all the hard work and sacrifice worthwhile.
Innovation is so hard and so frustrating; it takes the intersections of people with courage, vision, and resources.
The future is going to require really smart people. What we think are crises today probably will be no big deal, and we have no idea what will really be crises in the future.
Sporting competitions seem to be what we obsess over, frankly. So if we can put engineering, science, technology into a format of healthy, fun competition, we can attract all sorts of kids that might not see the kind of activity we do as accessible or rewarding.
I don't work on a project unless I believe that it will dramatically improve life for a bunch of people.
I think an education is not only important, it is the most important thing you can do with your life.
An innovation is one of those things that society looks at and says, if we make this part of the way we live and work, it will change the way we live and work.
The city needs a car like a fish needs a bicycle.
Nothing that has value, real value, has no cost. Not freedom, not food, not shelter, not healthcare.
We all know about certain problems we wish we didn't have.
I remember, as a kid, thinking more about, you know, watching the world go by and being amazed by how both complex but consistent and elegant it was. You know, why, you know, when you put that cold glass of water on the table, it kind of warms up at a very predictable way.
Lots of people ask me for advice as if I somehow have found some easy way to create a solution to a problem, and there's no such thing.
You have teenagers thinking they're going to make millions as NBA stars when that's not realistic for even 1 percent of them. Becoming a scientist or engineer is.
If you're going to fail, you might as well fail at the big ones.
People take the longest possible paths, digress to numerous dead ends, and make all kinds of mistakes. Then historians come along and write summaries of this messy, nonlinear process and make it appear like a simple, straight line.
Americans thinking that America will continue to lead the world in innovation and quality of life without some quick and serious educational improvements are dangerously delusional.
My biggest failure is I have too many to talk about.
Sometimes we crash and burn. It's better to do it in private.
A patent, or invention, is any assemblage of technologies or ideas that you can put together that nobody put together that way before. That's how the patent office defines it. That's an invention.
I've never regretted anything I've done, even the things that I've failed at. I've often regretted not trying something really big, because you'll never know.
As we move towards 8 or 10 billion people on the planet, there's a little less gold per capita. Each one of us will continue to be fighting over an ever smaller percentage of total resources. This is not a happy thought.
I don't want to think about how many people have thought or still think that I'm crazy.
Get used to dealing with failure as long as it doesn't hurt people around you, as long as it doesn't hurt you physically, or it doesn't hurt you so much that you can't pick yourself up.
Don't be irresponsible in your risks, but as long as the project can fail without it causing the person to fail, keep trying; keep taking the best shots. Learn from them; pick yourself up.
If people ridicule you, look them in the eye and say, 'Yeah, I may have failed, but at least I tried,' and get on with it.
As a kid, I was less interested in the physical tinkering than thinking about what we would now call the physics, as opposed to the engineering.
