American,Athlete
Pink is not a color - it's a culture to me.
You can't let injuries dictate the outcome of a football game. You have to persevere and keep fighting. That is how we are. If there is a blade of grass to defend or take, we do it.
I want everyone to know there is always someone there for you.
On signing day, my mom brought me the national letter of intent to Arkansas. I should feel like I'm making the right decision. You get that many people telling you that. I had been dreaming about it. I signed 'No' where I was supposed to sign my name and put an exclamation point.
Being the backup, as they call me, I have no pressure at all.
When my number is called, nobody cares if I am a starter or not. They just care if I make plays or if I'm productive.
I grew up knowing the importance of breast cancer.
My mom was the strongest woman I know.
I take pride in knowing the NFL is pink in October, sparking conversations everywhere about breast cancer and prevention, all in the spirit of my mom.
Breast cancer, whether I like it or not, is part of my family's story. That's why I am so passionate about raising awareness, because I have seen firsthand how it can impact others.
I'm a Nickelback guy.
I'm aware that if the ball is thrown in my direction, I'm expected to catch it because the media is going to be on my back.
As a football team, we don't have any backups. We don't consider anybody a backup.
You have to understand that in this league, we are all one play removed from being the starter or from being the backup, in any game.
In the NFL, if you make the play or you don't make the play, you're just a football player who did or didn't make the play. You don't get more yards or less yards based on what you're labeled as by society.
I grew up watching wrestling.
I didn't have the money to travel until I got to the NFL, so it's definitely opened doors for me in that capacity.
Speak your mind; you don't have to be PC.
There are a lot of people who don't know what metastatic breast cancer is.
When breast cancer took my mom, it met its biggest enemy.
The University of Memphis didn't have the flashy profile or the national exposure. It's a great university. I love the offense. I love the atmosphere, the big city. They have everything I want. The only knock against them is they are not a great team.
You'd be amazed how much attention $1 million will get you.
I'm going to stand up for what I need to do, not what everybody else wants me to do.
People in Wynne told me I'd never win a game at Memphis and I'd never play in a bowl game. But I knew we'd turn it around.
I'm at that point in my career you can put up all the numbers you want to, you can swing whatever statistic you want to swing, but it doesn't matter if you don't get to the Super Bowl and win it.
The biggest picture you see is making it to the Super Bowl and winning it. There are a lot of guys who have played 14, 15, 16 years and never been there.
