American,Actor
Mix one part Denzel Washington and two parts Eva Mendes and you have a nice hot cocktail.
I'm not a song and dance man, so you're not going to see me on 'Glee' anytime soon. If you want that show to continue, keep me far away from it.
I love sports. Anytime I can combine sports with a film I'm a happy guy. It's such a natural fit, because sports always seems to be a metaphor for life. Always, always, always.
I'm an actor and this is a role I'm playing. But people can get wacky.
When they write about real stuff like my custody battle, that's no fun. Some things have leaked out about accusations that have gone back and forth and that's just mean. It's a tactic.
Acting with Denzel is like playing tennis with someone that's better than you. You either play better tennis or get blown off the court.
It was easy to be the bad guy throughout.
There are so many things about playing football that seem to me uniquely American. Anybody can succeed, anybody can play, but you've got to work hard to do it.
I like finishing a movie and having this living, breathing thing.
I did this film for less money than it costs to stay in this hotel. We shot it in 20 days. We couldn't screw up takes for fun because we didn't have enough film.
I get a lot of action scripts. I get low-budget vehicles that will end up right on the video shelf. I want to do movies that I want to talk about, that I'm proud of, but I also want to make a living.
The thing that drives me more than anything else is being a father.
Some people believe God is involved in every little decision we make. Some people believe you're given the free will to make the decisions. Sometimes people believe God is not involved at all.
I don't really go down one path. I wouldn't call myself a Buddhist, or a Catholic or a Christian or a Muslim, or Jewish. I couldn't put myself into any organized faith.
I just live and let live and live my life pretty much according to the Golden Rule. And it turns out well for me.
I grew up the son of a director and grew up on sets myself, so I was the kid getting dragged around from this set to that set and I loved it. There's something about it which is really interesting.
I'm a single father, I don't like to be away from my son. So I'll go out, make a film and come back. Repeat. And it's worked out very well for the last 11 years.
My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often.
Hollywood's a very weird place. I think there's less of everything except for attitude.
