American,Musician
I don't mind if my skull ends up on a shelf as long as it's got my name on it.
If I were to do a foundation, it would be to promote solar energy. And I'm worried about drilling for oil. I think it is harming the earth, 'cos it drains the layer of oil under the surface, and that could be causing earthquakes. It's like we're giving the earth arthritis. I don't know if that sounds crazy.
But, you know, the issues of humanity and what is fair treatment and good treatment of a fellow human being should not really be based on a personal sense of right and wrong or judgment.
Being hot never hurts!
I do know the effect that music still has on me - I'm completely vulnerable to it. I'm seduced by it.
You always fall for the rascal or the guy who's got a little bit of the devil in him. You can't help it.
The only person I really believe in is me.
I guess people assume I have some sort of totally magical life, but I'm a working musician, fortunately. I've worked on my craft, and I'm very fortunate I've been able to survive in a very competitive industry and enjoy my success. It's not easy.
I'm a culture vulture, and I just want to experience it all.
I have a lot of regrets, but I'm not going to think of them as regrets.
Lately I've been believing that music predates speech.
Music is wonderful. Especially if there's some kind of content to it.
Something's that written out is okay, but it's not always a clear indication of what a person means.
I could be a housewife... I guess I've vacuumed a couple of times.
I love the ACLU and I'm concerned now, especially when it comes to our rights, with current politics and the religious community and the Conservative majority or minority - I don't know who they are.
That was the impetus for me to do music or art, because I knew if I didn't try when I was young, then I would get to be in my 40's and I'd be really unhappy that I hadn't.
And I wasn't convinced that I was the most talented person in the world.
Capote wrote every day. He said that's the only way, you have to sit down every day and do it.
We probably, as primitive people, made music before we actually had a language, and that's where language comes from.
And living in a metropolitan area which is ethnically diverse, our lives are very complicated, so our emotional experiences are going to be varied like that.
I always say the new album is the best one yet. I always feel that - I really do, because it's the latest and it's the newest and it's a little bit better.
I turned on VH1 this morning just to get a little warm-up before I came over here, and I think it's just terrific. There's so much great stuff: diverse and wonderful music, good performances, great looking girls, great videos, the whole thing.
Christina Aguilera is an incredible musician and singer.
I feel like I have to have a voice.
But as a writer and performer, I want to get paid for what I do.
But computers have changed the world for everyone, so there will be some way of working it out.
