American,Author
It would be impossible to estimate how much time and energy we invest in trying to fix, change and deny our emotions - especially the ones that shake us at our very core, like hurt, jealousy, loneliness, shame, rage and grief.
Self-awareness is the ability to take an honest look at your life without any attachment to it being right or wrong, good or bad.
An exciting and inspiring future awaits you beyond the noise in your mind, beyond the guilt, doubt, fear, shame, insecurity and heaviness of the past you carry around.
To live in the light of a new day and an unimaginable and unpredictable future, you must become fully present to a deeper truth - not a truth from your head, but a truth from your heart; not a truth from your ego, but a truth from the highest source.
I think that any time of great pain is a time of transformation, a fertile time to plant new seeds.
Divorce is a time of change. It really rocks a foundation of most people's lives. When we have our heart broken or our dreams taken away from us, it is a time of growth and change.
If you wish to fly to new heights, begin by setting your sights on a destination you can reach and then create a flight plan, a map, that will be your guide.
Compassion enables you to reach to the heavens and look through the heart of God.
Devotion begins at home, inside your own awareness.
The underbelly of the human psyche, what is often referred to as our dark side, is the origin of every act of self-sabotage. Birthed out of shame, fear, and denial, it misdirects our good intentions and drives us to unthinkable acts of self-destruction and not-so-unbelievable acts of self-sabotage.
Your soul is infinitely creative. It is alive and expansive in nature. It is curious and playful, changing with the tides of time.
By affirming your own gifts and accomplishments, you build your confidence and increase your ability to build a brighter future.
You are on a soulful path that asks you to step into the greatest version of yourself. It is a sacred gift to shine your brightest light, not just in your moments of glory, but each day.
Self-acknowledgment boosts your emotional and spiritual immunity, giving you the strength you need to release the past and rise above fear, doubt or resignation.
By acknowledging, accepting, and embracing our dark side, we create natural steam vents within ourselves. By providing an opening, we eliminate the worry about an explosion because we are allowing the pressure to be released in a safe and appropriate way.
When you take the time to cleanse your physical body of accumulated stress and toxicity, you are rewarded with increased vitality and optimal health.
You have been called to be who you are - the whole luminous light. No one can dim your light when you are fully present to the depth and breadth of it.
To transcend limitations and form positive new patterns of life based on who you know you can be rather than who you were yesterday, you must give up the modes of thinking, feeling and behaving that only keep you chained to your past.
It's easy to love yourself when you feel good enough, when you feel special enough, when you're loved enough, when you have enough money, and you're appreciated.
Resentments and grudges are two of the main culprits that perpetuate cycles of self-abuse and victimhood. Stowed away inside you like parasites, they deplete you of your God-given life force and separate you from your inherent worth, your joy, and the love in your heart.
Today is the day to break free from the prison of the person you know yourself to be and step into a self you have yet to know. Will it be comfortable? No, but do it anyway.
Growth is usually uncomfortable. If you're looking for comfort, you will more than likely feel tired and old earlier than you want, and the misery of your caged soul will always be looming nearby.
Your soul's mission is to serve in the grandest way it can. Divine plans lie imprinted in your inner world, and there are important lessons for you to learn and share on this journey to your most magnificent self.
Connected to the collective heart, you can be certain in every cell of your being that you are never alone, and you will experience the grace, guidance and ease that comes when you are one with all there is.
My goal was to be able to be alone without food, sugar, phone, men, TV, anything and to feel O.K. about myself.
Congruence, integration, responsibility and integrity are the values that I stand for.
If I had to name my greatest value in life, it would be beauty.
I believe my love of beauty and my ability to see what works is a gift I was given by God.
Real change happens when you feel genuinely inspired, turned on by possibility and unwilling to settle for anything less.
Often, psychological laziness will have you switch your life over to autopilot and fall asleep at the wheel rather than stay awake to what will fulfill your heart's deepest desires and your soul's purpose.
Anger, if used properly, might be for a cause, like helping feed children or stopping abuse somewhere. When we understand that every quality has importance and value, then we open up to this. Shining a light on these shadow qualities gives it balance.
Maybe you've decided you're not a genius, that you're not brilliant, that you're not prosperous, that you're not wonderful, that you're not lovable. Well, you know what? You're both: you're unlovable and you are lovable. And they both need equal time.
To me, the soul is a part of us that never dies. It's what we come in with.
I define God as an energy - a spiritual energy. It has no denomination. It has no judgments.
If you don't have a doctor that inspires you, no matter what you have, you should find one that does. Because I feel like my doctor helped me stay alive.
What I know for sure is that we are all created with this phenomenal force inside of us that can have us withstand - that God never gives us more than we can handle.
We have to choose faith even if we don't feel it. Or hold on to a friend who has faith.
God never gives us more than we can handle. Everything that comes our way is coming our way so that we can grow and evolve.
Yes, I was mad at God because of the cancer diagnosis. I thought I should have been protected because of the work I do in the world.
I always felt like if I lived in true authentic self-expression and lived in service and in support of many other people, I would be exempt from having to deal with yet another crisis in my life. I was wrong.
It's only when we are able to see our own behavior that we are able to wake up and start making conscious choices.
No one can deny who you are unless you are, in some way, minimizing the power and the force of your divine substance.
Look for the light. Look for it in everything. Look for it in yourself, in your children, in your job, and in your dreams. Look for it in the food you eat and in the people you surround yourself with.
Don't go to sleep now, for you have been awakened. Don't shut your eyes, or you will put out the light. Stay awake to the power and force that guides and protects your divine essence.
Self-sabotage is the proverbial hammer over the head that finally wakes us up, demanding that we pay attention. For most of us, it takes something devastating to crack us open, to get us out of our minds and into our hearts.
We are spiritual beings whether we want to admit it or not, and inherent in our DNA is a design to return us home - home to our true essence, our greatest self, our limitless self.
A compassionate heart will lift you out of the pain and suffering of your own world because it knows that everyone is doing the best they can, given their state of consciousness and the histories they're dragging behind them.
Compassion knows that choosing the higher road in any situation is the most loving option for you.
It is our interpretation of the past, our limiting beliefs, and our undigested pain that stop us from being able to move forward with clear direction.
When you treat yourself with the kindness and high regard that you would give to one of your spiritual heroes, your body becomes the epicenter of quiet joy rather than a battlefield for the ego.
To step into reverence for your body, you must pardon yourself for all you have done and not done to care for it. You must bless what works and accept and embrace all you perceive to be wrong.
It is clear to me that one of the biggest obstacles we face as human beings is the pain we put ourselves through when we resist and wrestle with our emotions.
When you stop resisting your emotions, you will quickly realize that your feelings are your friends. They are your soul's way to communicate with you and are meant to guide and inform you.
You are the mother, the father, the sister, the brother, the teacher and the guide for the soul that has been placed in your trust.
When you invoke the agent of change called acceptance, you must accept all that you are, all that you've been, and all that you will be in the future.
If you accept that your only job is to be the keeper of your life force, you will make powerful choices.
For your soul's sake, invoke the agent of change called risk, which ensures that things will not be the same tomorrow as they are today. All real change requires risk.
Harnessing the power of the present means having your full awareness on the task at hand and having access to the possibilities, the opportunities, and the support that exists right now.
When you master the art of being fully awake to this moment, you bestow a precious gift on your soul - the experience of love. Being present is the art of the soul.
While your past can inform you and your future can inspire you, the moment of choice exists in the here and now.
By relinquishing your obsession with the past and your fantasies about the future, you can tap into the power of the present and feel the force of love that resides inside of you.
As you step into your limitless self, you might be confronted with old habits and patterns that are not necessarily based in truth. These old ways of being show up because you have repeated many of them thousands of times.
God's will can become your internal reference point from this day forward; it is your choice.
Calling on you to give up control of the outer world and gladly accept control of your inner relationship with God, devotion is essential for fully realizing your soul's calling.
With devotion at the center of your awareness, you don't have to refer to your past in order to make a choice of how to respond or react in any given situation.
Throughout your life, you've been influenced by what you have done in the past, what you have been told you can and cannot do, and what your present circumstances seem to dictate.
If you look to your past or even your present to see why you are here or what your purpose is, you may get stuck in a limited view of yourself. Instead, look beyond your years here on earth, reconnect with the divine, and bring forth your soul's legacy into the present moment.
You can satisfy your soul's mission by committing to leaving something behind on this planet that will make a difference to those who come after you.
