American,Actress
I'm different, and I'm not afraid to be different.
Have an anchor so that life doesn't toss you around.
Every Thanksgiving, we all write down three things we're thankful for and put them in a hat. Then we pass the hat around the dinner table and everyone has to guess who wrote what!
Look at what you want to change, gather a few people who believe in it like you do, and start moving forward. It's important to remember that you don't always need a destination. Sometimes, you just have to make forward motion. And you absolutely can.
I'm not making music for people who like Disney shows. I make music for people who like music.
I went through a few phases of finding myself: I dabbled in musical theater, chess club, dance troupe, splatter-painting, school mascot (go Wildcats), babysitter, photojournalist, drill team girl, emo kid - and not one of them defined me, but every single one will always play a part in who I am.
I believe that people start to get into trouble when they start to believe their own hype.
I was raised to volunteer: nursing homes, clinics, church nurseries, school, everywhere that could use help. It's such an intrinsic part of me, to use my life to help improve the quality of others.
When you're in an industry where you're forced to grow up so quickly, part of you never grows up, and that's a good thing.
I'm very, very low-key in general.
I want people to know that I won't just assume that people will like my music.
All of the awards, applause, Twitter followers, shoes, it will all go away eventually. But if I can leave the world slightly more hopeful, inspired, and more healed than when I arrived, I did my job.
I grew up moving around. I went to seven different schools, so I know what it's like to be that new girl and have to not only know who you are but also take that into foreign circumstances and know how to respond.
Acting and the industry of making movies is beautiful, but it's so exhausting and such hard work; if you don't absolutely 100% want to do something, it defeats the purpose.
I want in 40 years to still be acting and to more than anything have longevity and not just be this huge flash in the pan and then disappear.
I'm definitely careful. I'm not reckless or stupid, but that's how I was raised, to not be stupid or immature in as far as trying to grow up too quickly or putting forward a certain image that isn't me.
I can look back at things I've done and said and worn and be completely humiliated by them, but I can never say it wasn't me. I feel really honored to say that.
The easiest way to not believe your own hype is to not know what people are saying about you.
You can't force music; It just has to come to you.
Before the whole Disney realm had undergone this huge revamping, as a kid, I always saw myself doing these dramatic indie parts. And then I fell in love with doing comedy and doing kid shows and really working for kids.
I work with kids, and I see certain things, so I realize now why my mother was so horrified and overprotective of everything that I watched.
I didn't grow up in one place, so I never had a certain mentality. I have some aspects of growing up in Texas, but I also have a lot of East Coast family. I would have loved to grow up on the East Coast.
I think what's great about your community is that it's different than anyone else's. Look around. What do you want to change? What needs to be built, or what's valuable and needs to be maintained? Is it the people? Local animals? Your parks or gardens? Hospitals?
My brother plays guitar and base and writes. His name is Chase Ryan.
I went to school on a military base in Germany. I got a lot of my clothes at the army surplus store.
I'm introverted by nature, and I need to have some things of my own.
