American,Journalist
When you're true to who you are, amazing things happen.
The biggest surprise, which is also the best, is that I didn't know I would love motherhood as much as I do.
There is a comfort in rituals, and rituals provide a framework for stability when you are trying to find answers.
I'm about as straight an arrow as you'll find out there.
So many self-help ideas are like meringue - you take a big bite, and there's nothing there.
'Thank you power' is writing down the moments that are good in your life so that you can go back and reflect on them - so you've got this sort of repository of good stuff in your past.
I was brought up Methodist, christened as a little baby and went to church every Sunday.
Certainly the research shows that grateful people are more innovative thinkers.
I think our job as parents is to give our kids roots to grow and wings to fly.
There is something in even the darkest situations that we can make a positive in our lives.
I've been blessed, acne never knocked on my door. I think I look pretty darn good.
The scripture is God's plan on how we are to live our lives here and what we are to do to have eternal life.
It is important for women to know who they are, and to know what makes their hearts sing.
If I have time to exercise, I do it, but I don't fixate on numbers like weight or waist size. Numbers don't work for me.
I want my kids to be curious, to be interested in a lot of things, to be confident, and to feel they belong in any number of situations.
I sensed that my life was better when I focused on things that were working as opposed to focusing on the long list that goes wrong, but I wanted to know if there was any validity to that.
Grateful people may recover faster from trauma.
I now find magic in the mundane. I'm also more creative - better able to look beyond the obvious and come up with new story angles.
There is no dramatic difference in happiness on the part of people who are wealthy.
What I've learned is there's a scientifically proven phenomenon that's attached to gratitude, and that if you consciously take note of what is good in your life, quantifiable benefits happen.
My job as a television anchor or television reporter is not to proselytize.
When my mother passed away I was 20.
Religious people are happier.
It is hard to get in the habit of forcing yourself to find three things on a regular basis that you are grateful for.
Children may not notice the positive moments in life unless we point them out to them.
So for years I kept mum about my passion for needle arts.
