American,Businessman
Make an empty space in any corner of your mind, and creativity will instantly fill it.
It is essential to employ, trust, and reward those whose perspective, ability, and judgment are radically different from yours. It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom.
Clean out a corner of your mind and creativity will instantly fill it.
If you look to lead, invest at least 40% of your time managing yourself - your ethics, character, principles, purpose, motivation, and conduct. Invest at least 30% managing those with authority over you, and 15% managing your peers.
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out.
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
With the advent of genetic engineering the time required for the evolution of new species may literally collapse.
Substance is enduring, form is ephemeral.
What will become compellingly important is absolute clarity of shared purpose and set of principles of conduct sort of institutional genetic code that every member of the organization understands in a common way, and with deep conviction.
If you go back to the first single-cell form of life, it clearly possessed the capacity to receive, to utilize, to store, to transform, and to transmit information.
Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future.
Preserve substance; modify form; know the difference.
Money motivates neither the best people, nor the best in people. It can move the body and influence the mind, but it cannot touch the heart or move the spirit; that is reserved for belief, principle, and morality.
If you're in such a position of power and your ego is such that this is not possible, then its essential to have a small cadre of very bright, committed people who are questioning, exploring and understanding these emerging concepts.
Every mind is a room packed with archaic furniture.
If you don't understand that you work for your mislabeled 'subordinates', then you know nothing of leadership. You know only tyranny.
Make a careful list of all things done to you that you abhorred. Don't do them to others, ever.
Make another list of things done for you that you loved. Do them for others, always.
Experience is easy to provide and quickly put to good use by people with all the other qualities.
The closest thing to a law of nature in business is that form has an affinity for expense, while substance has an affinity for income.
Lead yourself, lead your superiors, lead your peers, and free your people to do the same. All else is trivia.
Throughout history, it took centuries for the habits of one culture to materially affect another. Now, that which becomes popular in one country can sweep through others within months.
It won't do away with hierarchy totally, but the principal leader will be the person who most exemplifies the kind of organization and behavior required who is best able to create the conditions such organizations require.
The prudent course is to make an investment in learning, testing and understanding, determine how the new concepts compare to how you now operate and thoughtfully determine how they apply to what you want to achieve in the future.
An illustration I use to get people to understand it is this: I'll ask major corporate audiences: Why don't you just take all your traditional beliefs about organizations, and apply them to the neurons in your brain?
Think about technological float: it took centuries for the wheel to gain universal acceptance. Now any microchip device can be in use around the world in weeks.
