American,Athlete
This life is like a swimming pool. You dive into the water, but you can't see how deep it is.
You can love me or you can hate me.
Chemistry is a class you take in high school or college, where you figure out two plus two is 10, or something.
Everybody's talking trash these days, so why not keep quiet?
There is so much hypocrisy in sports.
At least 50 times. I've jumped off a building, jumped off a cliff in a car. I've been in bedrooms when women came in with knives and guns.
I didn't want to be known as Madonna's playboy, her boy toy.
I'm trying to find new ways to make this game more attractive.
I learned a lot I wouldn't have learned roaming the streets of Dallas.
I understand what rappers are talking about. I think rap is less about educating people about the black community and more about making money.
The doors fly open when you're a professional athlete.
The NBA's chosen ones think I'm setting a bad example? I think they need to look around and stop taking themselves so seriously.
I couldn't care less if the guy I'm guarding has HIV. I'm going to slam him anyway.
I go out with white women. This makes a lot of people unhappy, mostly black women.
I spent my whole childhood looking for an escape.
I want to do for rebounds what Michael Jordan did for dunks.
I'm hungrier than those other guys out there. Every rebound is a personal challenge.
I'm starting to see players copy what I do. I'm flattered.
If I want to wear a dress, I'll wear a dress.
The one thing I do that nobody else does is jump three and four times for one rebound.
They didn't have a problem with me being wild and crazy when it came time to fill the arenas.
They say Elvis is dead. I say, no, you're looking at him. Elvis isn't dead; he just changed color.
A player dreams of being a superstar, but he doesn't want people flocking all over him asking for an autograph.
As long as I play ball, I can get any woman I want.
Black culture is something I don't relate to much at all.
Death has always had a prominent place in my mind. There are times when I think somebody might kill me.
Wherever there's money, there's drugs, so to say drugs don't exist in the NBA would be stupid.
Why should I try to make you believe the things I believe in?
Wilt Chamberlain lied when he said he had 20,000 women.
With me, everything's right on the table.
You watch some teams these days and you wonder if they just met on the playground and decided to choose up sides.
If you have a problem with my answer that's your problem, not my problem.
Fifty percent of life in the N.B.A. is sex. The other fifty percent is money.
