American,Actor
We don't have to sacrifice a strong economy for a healthy environment.
When I was a kid, we never heard of smog, ozone depletion, acid rain, green house gasses.
The people of the future will say, meat-eaters in disgust and regard us in the same way that we regard cannibals and cannibalism.
If we were driving pure hydrogen automobiles, that automobile would actually help clean up the air because the air coming out of the exhaust would be cleaner than the air going into the engine intake.
We should be able to support our own economy within our own borders.
Business has to change the way it does business, or we will make no significant changes in the way we relate to the earth.
Business must be the solution, not the problem.
When we realize we can make a buck cleaning up the environment, it will be done!
The earth is a tremendous gift. There is nothing else like it in the known universe. I want to leave it the way I found it.
If you don't generate tension in the film to begin with... you can't really make a purse out of a sow's ear, you know.
I feel responsible; I feel I've got to do something that will leave the kids a place where they can live healthy, safe, productive, creative and prosperous lives.
We're the only species that have crapped up the planet and the only species that can clean it up.
Practically every environmental problem we have can be traced to our addiction to fossil fuels, primarily oil.
War is usually fought over diminishing resources, particulary those that we perceive to be extremely valuable.
If we had a hydrogen economy worldwide, every nation on earth could create its own energy source to support its economy, and the threat of war over diminishing resources would just evaporate.
Coming back to a television series puts you back in the limelight and gives you a platform for your ideas. If you're not acting on a series, you don't get the ability to communicate to people.
It's not an if - we're going to have to change. Oil is simply going to be gone.
Whatever we'll be forced to do later, we should be doing now.
It's fun to be a little bit different in the world, to make a few new trails of your own.
The premise is simple: One economy and one environment, and they're interdependent.
Changing mass consciousness is an individual responsibility.
