American,Musician
At school, I'd be the dude singing to the girls, always up in the auditorium, in the lunch room singing Christmas carols, in the halls between class. I was always singing, and same thing with my grandfather. The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree; you know how that goes.
The biggest challenge for me is just knowing how to calm down.
You can catch me in whatever's funky, whatever's got that swag. If it's got that swag, I'm putting it on.
I want to do a big donation to the pandas for all the panda lovers out there.
I came from the projects. So there were times I'd wake up at night, and my palms would be itching to get out. But no matter where I was, I always looked at the stars, because there's nothing ugly about the sky. That was my escape.
Meeting Kanye West was a blessing.
Big ups to him, big ups to Future. I actually like Future's music. I like his music, you feel me. I'm not a hater or a critic on him, you know, I do me. God bless him, God bless me.
I love to, you know, just inspire people however they wanna take it.
The minute they gave me number one, I went to the studio. I was ready to give y'all something else. I was going 120 miles an hour.
'XXL,' they call me a freshman, but I'm a pro. So, this a platform to let people know I'm out here.
I don't put nothing out if it's not ready.
I don't like to rush my music.
I'm definitely happy and appreciate all the love everyone's given to me.
Choirs, auditions, talent shows, I was doing it all.
Me and Kanye work awesome together. He's a creative man, I'm a creative man, we put our ideas together, it's like the perfect formula.
I'm real connected with Australia, you heard? I gotta come up there, man.
The work ethic behind everything Kanye does is crazy. It's greatness. He told me, 'We're not just rappers, we're artists.'
I was the singing boy in school.
My dad worked on ambulances for a while; my mother had a lot of different jobs with the city.
I played the sax at school. I was in marching band.
My grandfather is a blues musician.
You'd be surprised what you'd catch on my playlist.
I went from selling everything to saying, 'I ain't gonna sell that. Can't do it.' It wasn't working for me, so I was just like, 'Yo, I'm going to sell my talent.'
Even the diss tracks was enhancing 'Panda.'
My sister listened to reggae, and my homies listened to trap music.
I'm my own favorite artist, but I love everybody's music.
