American,Journalist
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it.
I've always found a cure for the blues is wandering into something unknown, and resting there, before coming back to whatever weight you were carrying.
I think there's a point at which you know how you dress isn't going to affect how much you do in life.
Follow what you are genuinely passionate about and let that guide you to your destination.
The one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention.
If you're curious, you'll probably be a good journalist because we follow our curiosity like cats.
I don't think it's about entertainment. I think it's about being ourselves.
Every time somebody tries to go in and reinvent what we do, it always ends up being more about technology and sets, and flash and dash, forgetting the main thing, which is interesting people saying interesting, important things.
Great questions make great reporting.
People assume you can't be shy and be on television. They're wrong.
Sometimes I forget some of the things I've done. I recently recalled that after Watergate I went away by myself to Tahiti for a month, moving from island to island. That was a point in my life where I didn't know what was next.
I'm always fascinated by the way memory diffuses fact.
We did exactly what everybody in the country did, watching it. You entered this state of sort of denials. You think, well, it must have been a tragic accident by an amateur pilot. And then you see the next plane coming.
The most fun is getting paid to learn things.
The interesting thing is always to see if you can find a fact that will change your mind about something, to test and see if you can.
Start in a small TV station so you can make all of your embarrassing mistakes early and in front of fewer people!
Part of this new world of completely improvisational terrorism is that there were codes of war that disintegrated in the face of terrorism.
I'm not sure people are ever completely comfortable telling pollsters what they do and don't think.
I love the early process of asking questions about a story and deciding which questions matter most.
I like talking. I didn't know at the time I would have to worry so much about my hair.
I have a liberal definition of news because I think news can be what excites people. I'm not very sanctimonious about what news is and isn't.
I have a contract but it's not a commitment in the ordinary sense. It's our ongoing conversation.
I get involved in the beginning, less in the middle, and very much at the end.
I don't know why I'm saying I'm brave.
Hope changes everything, doesn't it?
An investigation may take six months. A quick interview, profile, a day.
