American,Actress
I'm not a wine connoisseur, but I do like a glass or two at night.
A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience.
What celebrities are useful for is bringing attention to the public and making them more aware. They can be unbelievably effective.
Motherhood has completely changed me. It's just about like the most completely humbling experience that I've ever had. I think that it puts you in your place because it really forces you to address the issues that you claim to believe in and if you can't stand up to those principles when you're raising a child, forget it.
I don't think that because I'm not married it's made my life any less. That old maid myth is garbage.
I build a wall around myself. I'm hard to get to know. Any trait you have, it gets worse as you go along.
I had a career and I came to motherhood late and am not married and have never had such a trusting relationship with a man - and trust is where the real power of love comes from.
Relationships are hard. You're lucky if you find someone.
I wish I had put myself out there a little bit more and experienced people more instead of protecting myself.
My mother was really my partner in every project that I had. She was just the great enabler of my dreams.
I said I would never go to a psychiatrist, and I spent much of my life in psychoanalysis.
I think that people who are famous tend to be underdeveloped in their humanity skills.
It's kind of true, you do disappear off the planet if you are a middle-aged woman, but that has some advantages as well.
Without a great man writing and directing for me, I realised I was a mediocre movie star at best.
My old boyfriend, Warren Beatty, used to say I was a late developer,' she reflects. 'He was right. It took me 50 years to find motherhood and unconditional love.'
I'm a hoarder. For me, documentation has always been key, and I've kept everything from my past.
As an actress, I'm drawn to emotion and expressing the human condition in all its forms, and I'm fortunate to have thoughts and feelings at my fingertips.
My thinking about plastic surgery is this. I haven't had it, but never say never. Because when you do, you are definitely going to go there.
I've done all kinds of things I said I wouldn't do and, of course, now I'm glad. Thrilled.
I never understood the idea that you're supposed to mellow as you get older. Slowing down isn't something I relate to at all. The goal is to continue in good and bad, all of it.
The best relationships develop out of friendships.
As a parent I provide all I can, but I think in the best possible scenario you need to have a man.
The best part is that I'm still here and, because the end is in sight, I treasure it all more.
I used to listen to Judy Garland all the time - I love Judy Garland and her music. But I started to realize that if you keep singing like that, singing songs of being victimized by love over and over and over again, it can't help but have a profound effect on your life.
I spent a lot of time protecting myself. I mean, I've met a lot of extraordinary people over the years - and I just wish I had been able to open myself up to them more.
My mother always said that everyone should be required to write an autobiography of their lives.
