American,Musician
Whatever you do, don't take shortcuts. It's great advice to take and live by.
Surf music is actually just the sound of the waves played on a guitar: that wet, splashy sound.
Hendrix was the bass player for Little Richard. We were both left-handed, but we would use a right-handed guitar held upside down and backwards. He developed my slides and my riffs. In fact he used to say, and this is documented, 'I patterned my style after Dick Dale.'
Guitar Player Magazine says Dick Dale is the father of Heavy Metal, blowing up 48 amplifiers, creating the first power amplifier.
I actually first picked up an ukulele before I picked up a guitar.
When I first played the guitar without plugging it into an amplifier, the people at Fender were blown away. They couldn't believe the sound. I said, 'See, gentlemen, the world is no longer flat.'
I'll just tell you the way it is. You ask me what time it is and I'm gonna tell you how to build a clock.
There's a saying. If you want someone to love you forever, buy a dog, feed it and keep it around.
That's what my music does for me. It makes people happy. When I play, I thank the Lord I've never seen someone walk away from a Dick Dale dance not having a good time. That's what it's all about.
I grew a love for helpless, defenseless things. People would give me lions and jaguars. I had cheetahs, monkeys.
I make jokes because humor is the greatest healing factor that there is.
I enjoy living like a hermit, but I cannot live like a hermit.
I'm going to make people happy. I'm going to make them forget about their cancer. I'm going to make them forget about their diabetes.
Buddy Rich was one of the most incredible technicians in the world, on this planet, but the only people he could really impress, who knew what he was doing was another musician or another drummer.
You shouldn't even be writing this story if you haven't heard me play live. You can't write with the passion you receive until you see a Dick Dale concert.
I became stereotyped.
I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.
I'm constantly being influenced by the soul that's directly in front of me.
I met Leo Fender, who is the guru of all amplifiers, and he gave me a Stratocaster. He became a second father to me.
You know, music is sex. It's a sensual driving mode that affects people if it's played a certain way.
I can play every instrument there is, every horn, I've played all the saxes and trumpets and everything and keyboards.
My aunt played the piano and I used to sit and listen to it.
My uncle gave me a trumpet, but I loved the Louis Armstrong sound and the Harry James sound and I played by ear and I played always soulful or very direct from the gut.
I always wanted a guitar. I always wanted to be a cowboy singer because I also listened to Hank Williams, and he would always sing these neat romantic songs.
As a little kid I had a girlfriend, and her boyfriend used to beat me up, so then I used to sing these songs, and that's what it's all about. Country music is all about your heart and your people and things like that.
My son now is 22 months old, he's been playing since he was 12 months old and he gets standing ovations on the drums. He's been with us since he was 10 weeks old, he's been on the drums. He's got blisters on his fingers before he can even talk.
The Stratocaster is like the Rolls-Royce. It can never be surpassed.
My mind never left 20, because once it does, that's when you start to die.
I know what it's like to wash my clothes in a Chevron station.
When I played with Johnny Cash and Waylon Jennings in Vegas, the guys used to go, 'Dick, cut it out, man! You're moving around too much on this stage. You're making us look bad!'
I've never followed a list in my life, and that's probably what has created so much nervous energy in my body.
I surfed Dana Point, San Clemente, and of course Huntington Beach. Every morning, you could find me at the hot water pipe.
Drums were my first instrument.
I blew amps like they were made of tissue paper. Once I blew out the sound system at Royal Albert Hall in London.
You know what the doctors call me? 'The Cancer Warrior.'
Dick Dale don't surf no more.
Earthlings are confused, insecure. And some Earthlings have no heritage: that's what leads them to kill each other and rob 7-11 stores.
I live like in the days of Daniel Boone, hauling water by hand. I used to have two Rolls-Royces. Now I got one. It's got four flat tires; the trunk is open, and a rat lives inside it.
Nothing could capture the sound of Dick Dale - he was too loud.
Every time I do an album, I say, 'That's the last one.'
People ask about love. Real love. I was never in love; the people around me didn't love me. They were just along for the ride.
I've been performing since 1955. I'm going to have to keep performing till I die because I'm not going to die in some rocking chair with a big ol' beer belly.
When I play, I don't cheat. I played for 490,000 in Berlin, and I'll play just as hard for 100.
I smashed my tailbone and couldn't sit for five years, and I broke my clavicle because I thought I was a great surfer, and of course, I could be a great snowboarder, too. Man, was I wiped out!
I don't like to use the word 'fans;' I call them 'Dick Dale music lovers.'
With every problem comes a gift in hand.
I'm not one of these guys who is dedicated to playing or performing - that's just one facet of my life.
I answer number one to myself, because I know myself. I answer to my fans, because they know me. My mother knows me and God knows me, and that's where it's at.
When I come onstage, I'm exploding.
I've been called 'the father of loud.'
If you ask me what I'd rather be doing, well, I'd rather be home in California, watching TV, polishing my tools and working around the ranch.
I may play the same songs night to night, but I never play them the same way.
I like to say, 'I hit every type of music in a show, and I play the people, not the instruments.'
If I ever wrote a book, people would never believe it.
My father never put me on his lap and said he loved me.
I'd rather be a Jack-of-all-trades than master of one. If I became an icon, where my whole life was music, I would probably have become a vegetable. I wouldn't be able to have all these talents I have today and be an interesting 'character.'
I've never taken a lesson in my life, and I can play every instrument there is. I play by ear, but I can fool anybody into thinking I went to some conservatory of music.
I do not play to musicians. I play to the people.
They're putting cement dust into cattle feed to make the cows heavier; the FDA knows all about it.
What I play now isn't surf music. It's too powerful. I used to go through paper bags; now I go through brick walls. I play hard.
I was reading a magazine when I was a little kid, probably about twelve years old, and an ad said that if you sell so many jars of Noxzema skin cream, we'll sell you a ukulele. So I went out and banged on doors in the snow in Quincy, Massachusetts, where I was raised, and I sold the skin cream.
When my guitar was growling, playing surf beat, you could hear it; you could feel it.
What we perceive things to be when they come out of our mouth is not what the listener perceives it to be. They think it differently. They're not your blood. They're not your mind. You get in an argument.
My philosophy is that on a scale of 1 to 10, I will go to 15. No matter what!
I try to read the audience, see what they're in the mood for.
As I'd go out learning to surf, I'd feel the power of waves coming over my body. It's like you're with God.
Springsteen - he's the Lord God.
Kids don't see me as an oldies person when I go out on stage. They see me as an energy force.
I don't live with the 'right' people. I don't want to. I don't want to live with the rich in Beverly Hills or walk the streets of Hollywood. I want to go to K-mart and get good deals.
Music is nothing but a door opener to meet families and their children and the elderly.
People who have witnessed all the years of me playing, they bring their kids and say, 'I used to see this guy when I was fourteen!'
In the Shao Lin temple, they never allow you to touch the skin of a drum until you can tongue what you're going to play.
The ultimate guitar players can play every scale in the book.
Gene Krupa was my big hero, and I used to play on my mother's flour cans and sugar cans with the kitchen knives, listening to the big bands on my dad's records. Gene Krupa and Harry James.
I'm dedicated to touring the rest of my life.
I refuse to bring my son up in a world corrupt as it is now.
Surf music is played through a Showman amp with a Stratocaster guitar.
I used to surf up in Ventura County at Silver Strand; plus, I've played up there many times.
For 20 years I've been screaming at these guitar companies, saying, 'It's abnormal to put your arm around an acoustic guitar that is about 6 to 8 inches deep.' Your arm reaches over, and you start to strum, and then all of a sudden you get a charley horse in your back. The older you get, the greater the charley horse.
The Musicians Hall of Fame is chosen by thousands of your peers. So it's the real thing.
Little Richard, he'd say, 'Oh Dick Dale! You have luscious lips!'
