American,Comedian
Political promises are much like marriage vows. They are made at the beginning of the relationship between candidate and voter, but are quickly forgotten.
In America, with all of its evils and faults, you can still reach through the forest and see the sun. But we don't know yet whether that sun is rising or setting for our country.
People with high blood pressure, diabetes - those are conditions brought about by life style. If you change the life style, those conditions will leave.
Just being a Negro doesn't qualify you to understand the race situation any more than being sick makes you an expert on medicine.
If they took all the drugs, nicotine, alcohol and caffeine off the market for six days, they'd have to bring out the tanks to control you.
When I go through the airport and see white women walking through the airport barefooted, like athlete's feet don't exist, there's something wrong.
You hear entertainers all the time, saying, 'If I couldn't get paid for this, I'd do it for free.' When's the last time you ever heard a business person say, 'If I couldn't get paid for being chairman of British Petroleum, I'd do it for free'?
Hell hath no fury like a liberal scorned.
I am really enjoying the new Martin Luther King Jr stamp - just think about all those white bigots, licking the backside of a black man.
Love is very dangerous if you just have love and don't have the ability to be lovable.
When you have a good mother and no father, God kind of sits in. It's not enough, but it helps.
When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me 85 dollars. That is why in the Navy the Captain goes down with the ship.
We thought I was going to be a great athlete, and we were wrong, and I thought I was going to be a great entertainer, and that wasn't it either. I'm going to be an American Citizen. First class.
I never learned hate at home, or shame. I had to go to school for that.
Once I realised the value of making people laugh, I got very good at it. Fast.
I went to Ethiopia, and it dawned on me that you can tell a starving, malnourished person because they've got a bloated belly and a bald head. And I realized that if you come through any American airport and see businessmen running through with bloated bellies and bald heads, that's malnutrition, too.
I waited at the counter of a white restaurant for eleven years. When they finally integrated, they didn't have what I wanted.
It's cool to be healthy.
And we love to dance, especially that new one called the Civil War Twist. The Northern part of you stands still while the Southern part tries to secede.
There's a God force inside of you that gives you a will to live.
If it wasn't for Abe Lincoln, I'd still be on the open market.
My mother was the sweetest lady who ever lived on this planet, but if you tried to tell her that Jesus wasn't a Christian, she would stomp you to death.
It was an unwritten law that black comics were not permitted to work white nightclubs. You could sing and you could dance, but you couldn't stand flat-footed and talk; that was a no-no.
Every holiday on the calendar, I check in a hotel and fast - I don't eat, I don't drink, I don't talk.
If you take 12 waters from the coconut - not the ones you buy in the store, although that's good - but the fresh coconuts, the little brown ones with the three eyes, if you take 12 of those within 24 hours, your blood will go back to the way it was when you were born.
Coconut milk is the only thing on this planet that comes identically to mother's milk.
