American,Musician
To me, rap music is bigger than who's the coolest rapper, the biggest rapper. It's everything about your personality.
Dance music is so interchangeable. There's not a lot of face to it. It's a bunch of Dutch DJs with the same haircut.
People don't know exactly what I do; they just know I'm 'cool.'
You always have to evolve - the minute you start building a moat around you to keep yourself safe, you're going to lose.
Snapchat's the place where people are hearing and learning about culture.
Every day is work for me, but it's also a party. I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
I was in Fort Lauderdale from about age 7 to 14. And that's where I learned the most about music. My favorite DJ was this guy named DJ Laz and the Miami bass guys. I was super into, like, Arthur Baker, that kind of stuff.
You can never figure out what the future sounds like. As soon as you make it, it's the past.
When I was fifteen, I used to run around reading 'Adbusters' and dumpster diving, trying to find ways to make the U.S. government unwind into chaos through hardcore punk and metal.
The best gift you can give to a girl is your devotion, not some Louboutins. But buy those if you're busy, for sure.
Gucci is a rapper that doesn't try and be anything he's not - he's straight up. Yeah, maybe it's ironic and all, but I'm just a fan and have been one since day one. Gucci Mane is the cool uncle I never had, even though I'm sure I'm probably older than him.
Klaus from the Teddybears, Bloodshy and Avant and Mike Snow, they've done lots of Britney Spears production. They went backwards from production to being in a band, which might be cool. I might do that, too, one day.
I appreciate people who are authentic. Someone who just wants to be cool, I can tell when their intentions aren't right.
A lot of DJs don't realize they're here today and gone tomorrow. They're literally taking jets to every show. It's crazy how much money they're spending.
If anybody is excited about my music, that's all I care about. I care about people who are excited about new music.
I'm trying to always do new things because if you stay behind and fight the future, you are just going to be left behind.
Selling MP3s or physical copies, it's still cool, but I think it's slowly becoming outdated to where people just want to build a culture.
Classic rock, psychedelic rock - I like to dig up old music and see what I can get influenced by.
I put out this record on Ninja Tune called 'Florida' when I was about 22. And at the same time, I was DJ'ing and beginning to mix stuff up and promote shows in Philadelphia and New York and my own parties and make mixtapes, put out bootleg white labels.
I do a lot of collaborations and productions, whether it's Switch or Steve Aoki or No ID or Will Smith or No Doubt - I always like to collaborate and be a quality control person for the people 'cause I have my own taste in music and bring that to other peoples' brands and help them learn a little bit.
A lot of producers get famous because they decide to be superstars for their own reasons, but I'm inspired by Timbaland and Pharrell and Swizz Beatz 'cause they're doing things that are so different. I like how they're introducing ideas I never would have thought of.
I wish I played guitar so I could start a band with great musicians.
How mad would it actually be to do an 'Avatar' type animation film, but about something mundane like a Winn-Dixie cashier's day at work? That'd be something else, I think.
New York is so serious about the creation of work. Everything is happening so fast, it feels like there's another studio, another session on every block, and I love that.
As a youngster, I lived in Philly for 12 years, and I would go up to New York to do shows and make money - it was the dream to maybe be able to survive there and live there.
New York feels like the whole city is into dance music. That's not how it felt when I was younger. There was more of a hipster scene.
I never became a producer to go to parties or wear nice clothes or put sales figures on my Wiki page.
It's funny - some producers ask me, 'Man, how do you work on a Bieber record? That would kill my career.' I can work on any record there is as long as they are good records and you're pushing things forward.
I just love to collaborate with people who take my ideas real serious, and they don't put up walls around them.
I think you can't really beat Bob Marley, especially the stuff he was doing with Lee Perry. Just that kind of clubby and dark and crazy stuff, even with the Wailers... Some of the songwriting was phenomenal.
You can never judge any music by their audience. That's the main reason people in England have a prejudice against someone like Skrillex. You judge people by their music. That's always been first and foremost.
When I worked with M.I.A., who was, like, the coolest person back then, she was just a girl I met on the Internet. Or even when I met Azealia Banks on Myspace, I never thought, 'Oh, she's cool.' I just loved what she was doing. So I've always been like that. And I think, as a producer, that's what you've gotta do.
I never got tied down to any social scene. I was just into creating stuff. And I think, even today, that's how I'm able to work and move between so many different genres - I want to be part of what's happening, I want to make new things.
Sometimes I make more money in a weekend than my grandpa made in a year.
All of the best songs happen on a whim.
Every time I want to impress someone about samples and hip-hop, I play 'Portrait of Tracy.' It's one of the greatest bass players ever doing a whole composition with only the two harmonics of electric bass; then a three-second loop in it became every great R&B song in five-year intervals.
Man, I don't read books! I just read a bunch of 'Walking Dead' comics. I don't even read comics, but zombies are something I just can't get enough of.
Good bands won't get famous anymore unless they get really lucky.
Man, I don't got any real fans. Just fair-weather ones and groupies.
I've been in jail a couple times. I've been caught shoplifting.
90 percent of the records I make are spontaneous.
When we think about big records, a lot of producers are thinking of how to make it as standard as possible. I think those days are gone. I think you have to surprise the audience in 2015.
K-pop is a weird term because K-pop has everything - rap records - it's very pop-sounding; there are really boy-band-sounding records.
PC Music is a really post-modern attempt at pop.
In Philly, there are a lot of social programs. If you have a degree, you can go and apply. I was basically a social worker, but I became sort of a sub teacher in a special program, helping kids with reading or math. But we would also do plays, learn about music... We were doing lots of fun stuff, but that was such hard work.
When I first started producing, all I had was this little crappy sampler called a S20, which had, like, a minute sample time. I was making crappy beats since I was, like, 17 or 18, using Florida rappers, where I'm from. Then I started DJ'ing because I just wanted to have a new job. I was a schoolteacher for a while, and it was the worst job.
If I make a song, and it's my song, like 'Lean On,' we're going to make money off the synchs, the Spotify, and we get to headline festivals on it. That's the model I want to explore.
The traditional media never gave Bernie Sanders the time of day. But he went viral the same way hip-hop and new dances go viral. And I'm part of that culture.
Even in America, we're not a huge act by any means, Major Lazer.
We first started to rent old VFW halls in Philly or whatever; we rented kegs and did parties and played our own music. We had to find a way to do it because nobody else was helping us, and I think now it's important to keep those dialogues happening, those parties happening.
My first production job after M.I.A. was actually the xx, but they didn't like what I did, and at the end of the day, we used their demos.
I love Marvin Gaye. I like jazz and all that stuff.
I used to be a record collector. Mark Ronson, Questlove and I used to be part of, like, a record-trading crew.
I'm not a superstar, per se... but I'm a musical creator - a producer in the same vein as what Quincy Jones was, or Pharrell and Timbaland were.
People like me, DJs and producers, have a bigger say and a bigger voice than we've ever had before.
