American,Dancer
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!
I've always loved the idea of not being what people expect me to be.
I was always intrigued by the idea of bringing things together that are considered taboo or risque and bringing them together with something of high elegance and sophistication.
I advocate glamour. Every day. Every minute.
Don't underestimate the cosmetic power of sunglasses. It's worth spending a bit of money on a quality pair. I usually go for Dior or Louis Vuitton.
I like styling girls that don't normally dress in vintage clothes and don't normally wear red lipstick; I like seeing those kind of girls restyled in a retro way.
I want to remind people of a different kind of glamour, a different look, and breaking the rules of fashion. I wanna break the rules.
I love glamour and artificial beauty. I love the idea of artifice and dressing up and makeup and hair.
People who follow all the rules and chase every trend tend to get forgotten - they look great, but they're not as memorable.
Me personally, I want to entertain people above all. When you look back at burlesque in history and the real golden age of burlesque, those entertainers were there to entertain, and there wasn't usually some big political message behind what they were doing.
Anyone who says they don't like to receive a gift is lying.
My beauty icons are women whose images are self-created.
I really enjoy watching people like Madonna, or Cher, or Barbra Streisand on the red carpet. I want to see people wearing exciting things that are different and to know that they're not just looking for the latest, most normal thing.
I think as someone who collects beautiful things from the past, the thing that I miss the most about modernism and the things I lament about the past are everyday things that you would use were made more beautifully.
When I was a little girl, I watched all old movies. My mother liked old movies, and she loved shopping for antiques, so I was around old things all the time.
Red lips don't look good on blotchy, uneven skin.
I feel empowered the fact that I can look the way that I do on stage and in photos - I can look that way any time I want. And I feel like it's important message to other women that they can do it, too.
I'm not always in a full face of make-up! That's actually one of the things I like about make-up - that you can strip it away and show your vulnerability.
Every one of my products - my lingerie, my perfume, and everything that I do beauty-related with regard to building my burlesque shows - is just me.
I don't work with a stylist, I don't work with a glam squad to get me together for the red carpet, I really enjoy the time it takes to do it myself, to choose my clothes and do my own makeup and my own hair.
Well, when I was fifteen years old I worked in a lingerie store and that's how I feel in love with vintage lingerie because I wanted to know the history of it.
I don't feel I have an alter ego.
When people say I look intimidating, it's hard for me to relate to. I hear that a lot. I don't know why.
I'm more of an exaggerator than a liar.
But I'm not the girl who changes into flats because my feet are tired at the end of the night. I go the distance. I go all the way.
I started dressing vintage when I was a teenager because I didn't have money for designer clothes.
