American,Athlete
Preparation is a mentality... With wrestling being my background, I've always learned to overwork, overwork. Work, work, work, work. It's not always the talented that wins, but it's the one who puts in the most preparation and thought into things.
Loss is part of life. If you don't have loss, you don't grow.
I don't need fighting. It's the cherry on top to this beautiful life I've been given.
I didn't deserve to get my title stripped after three ACL reconstructions. I didn't deserve to be out for four years. But it happened to me, and so I definitely learned over the years that you don't deserve anything. Nothing you have is yours. Everything is up for grabs in this world.
I didn't grow up with a lot of money, so my mom didn't have random money to buy me a car, and I didn't have money to have a car unless I worked, so I didn't get a car until I got my first job at 18.
I never criticized one person in any way that I did not believe was true. How am I a mean guy if I'm telling the truth? Because nobody wants to hear the truth.
My goal is to become the best person I can, and in the process of doing so, I believe, I can help others. I'm also trying to make history in mixed martial arts and become known as the best 135-pound fighter to ever compete.
When I'm done fighting, I want to look to get some sort of driving career somewhere. My goal is to eventually get into the Mint 400 and do the trophy truck stuff.
You have two choices: You can take what you're given or build with what you've got. I choose to build with what I've got and try to make the best of it because I've still been given a stage. I've still got cameras in front of my face when I want them, and I plan to run with it.
Even when I was hurt with triple ACL reconstructive surgeries, there was a target on my back. I had to come back and fight through it.
This is a game where if you don't have people who dislike you, then you don't know what it is to be liked. I've had a lot of dislike thrown at me in this game, but I've also had a lot of love.
I kill hype for a living.
The whole point of this game is that everything flows together in one simple movement... it should just flow and be fluid. And that's what I want to bring to the table every single time I fight. And I enjoy making it look, you know, like an art.
I am the best in the world, and all these guys are fighting me to gain credit.
I'm still the best bantamweight in the world in my mind, yes. If I had any doubt that I was the best in the world then I shouldn't be competing. If you don't think you're going to be the best, what's the point?
The guys that drive Lamborghinis, Ferraris, Bentley GTs, it's because they want to flaunt the fancy car and get the girls and stuff.
I've never not owned a stick shift. There's something about manual transmissions that I really appreciate and enjoy. And besides that, I like driving; I enjoy driving.
For a long time, I felt like my identity was to fight. My identity was to be a world champion. That almost defined me.
I feel that I fell somewhat under that category where I was using fighting to kind of run from my own self to an extent, to kind of numb the things that I thought about myself. When I had fighting taken away, I was forced to look at myself in the mirror and say, 'What are you without fighting?'
I'm ready to live in the present - not the past and not in the future - because in the present is where there's peace.
Regardless of how tough you think you are, regardless of how good you think your chin is, we're all only one connected punch away from being hurt, and you've just got to hope your chin holds up and your body holds up.
I fight to drive my percentages through the roof for winning and lower my percentage by taking the least amount of damage and least amount of hits.
What good is power if there's no connection point? My entire style's built around that actual basis.
Everybody's got a puncher's chance in this game. I mean every single person on Earth. But my whole focus, my whole style, my whole dynamic is built around taking that power away from you. So where is the logic in why you're different from anybody else? There is no logic in it.
There's more to the sport than just fighting, and you either understand that, or you don't. And if you don't, then I promise you the guys that are worth money don't want to fight you, because you don't get it.
I don't need to beat Faber, because his ego will always beat him. He's got excuses for every loss he's ever had.
