American,Novelist
People who are powerless make an open theater of violence.
Never underestimate the power of the State to act out its own massive fantasies.
America was and is the immigrant's dream.
The modern meaning of life's end-when does it end? How does it end? How should it end? What is the value of life? How do we measure it?
The future belongs to crowds.
American writers ought to stand and live in the margins, and be more dangerous.
True terror is a language and a vision. There is a deep narrative structure to terrorist acts, and they infiltrate and alter consciousness in ways that writers used to aspire to.
When you try to unravel something you've written, you belittle it in a way. It was created as a mystery.
There's always a period of curious fear between the first sweet-smelling breeze and the time when the rain comes cracking down.
Hardship makes the world obscure.
A Catholic is raised with the idea that he will die any minute now and if he doesn't live his life in a certain way, this death is an introduction to an eternity of pain.
I think a playwright realizes after he finishes working on the script that this is only the beginning. What will happen when it moves into three dimensions?
I've always seen myself in sentences. I begin to recognize myself, word by word, as I work through a sentence.
May the days be aimless. Do not advance action according to a plan.
If I were a writer, how I would enjoy being told the novel is dead. How liberating to work in the margins, outside a central perception. You are the ghoul of literature. Lovely.
Men with secrets tend to be drawn to each other, not because they want to share what they know but because they need the company of the like-minded, the fellow afflicted.
Every sentence has a truth waiting at the end of it and the writer learns how to know it when he finally gets there.
For me, writing is a concentrated form of thinking.
I embarked on my life - I didn't do anything. I don't have an explanation.
I felt Joyce was an influence on my fiction, but in a very general way, as a kind of inspiration and a model for the beauty of language.
I like the construction of sentences and the juxtaposition of words-not just how they sound or what they mean, but even what they look like.
I quit my job just to quit. I didn't quit my job to write fiction. I just didn't want to work anymore.
I saw a photograph of a wedding conducted by Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. I wanted to understand this event, and the only way to understand it was to write about it.
I slept for four years. I didn't study much of anything. I majored in something called communication arts.
I think more than writers, the major influences on me have been European movies, jazz, and Abstract Expressionism.
I think there is a sense of last things in my work that probably comes from a Catholic childhood.
