American,Politician
There are known knowns. These are things we know that we know. There are known unknowns. That is to say, there are things that we know we don't know. But there are also unknown unknowns. There are things we don't know we don't know.
It isn't making mistakes that's critical; it's correcting them and getting on with the principal task.
Don't blame the boss. He has enough problems.
Be precise. A lack of precision is dangerous when the margin of error is small.
Think ahead. Don't let day-to-day operations drive out planning.
You will launch many projects, but have time to finish only a few. So think, plan, develop, launch and tap good people to be responsible. Give them authority and hold them accountable. Trying to do too much yourself creates a bottleneck.
Don't do or say things you would not like to see on the front page of The Washington Post.
Reduce the number of lawyers. They are like beavers - they get in the middle of the stream and dam it up.
Amidst all the clutter, beyond all the obstacles, aside from all the static, are the goals set. Put your head down, do the best job possible, let the flak pass, and work towards those goals.
Enjoy your time in public service. It may well be one of the most interesting and challenging times of your life.
If you are not criticized, you may not be doing much.
Don't be a bottleneck. If a matter is not a decision for the President or you, delegate it. Force responsibility down and out. Find problem areas, add structure and delegate. The pressure is to do the reverse. Resist it.
Test ideas in the marketplace. You learn from hearing a range of perspectives. Consultation helps engender the support decisions need to be successfully implemented.
I can't tell you if the use of force in Iraq today will last five days, five weeks or five months, but it won't last any longer than that.
Simply because you do not have evidence that something exists does not mean that you have evidence that it doesn't exist.
Visit with your predecessors from previous Administrations. They know the ropes and can help you see around some corners. Try to make original mistakes, rather than needlessly repeating theirs.
Let your family, staff, and friends know that you're still the same person, despite all the publicity and notoriety that accompanies your position.
Plan backwards as well as forward. Set objectives and trace back to see how to achieve them. You may find that no path can get you there. Plan forward to see where your steps will take you, which may not be clear or intuitive.
Members of the U.S. House and the U.S. Senate are not there by accident. Each managed to get there for some reason. Learn what it was and you will know something important about them, about our country and about the American people.
Make decisions about the President's personal security. He can overrule you, but don't ask him to be the one to counsel caution.
There are a lot of people who lie and get away with it, and that's just a fact.
Public servants are paid to serve the American people. Do it well.
Don't speak ill of your predecessors or successors. You didn't walk in their shoes.
Our task, your task... is to try to connect the dots before something happens. People say, 'Well, where's the smoking gun?' Well, we don't want to see a smoking gun from a weapon of mass destruction.
It is easier to get into something than to get out of it.
When you raise issues with the President, try to come away with both that decision and also a precedent. Pose issues so as to evoke broader policy guidance. This can help to answer a range of similar issues likely to arise later.
The Federal Government should be the last resort, not the first. Ask if a potential program is truly a federal responsibility or whether it can better be handled privately, by voluntary organizations, or by local or state governments.
If in doubt, don't. If still in doubt, do what's right.
Treat each federal dollar as if it was hard earned; it was - by a taxpayer.
Politics is human beings; it's addition rather than subtraction.
In politics, every day is filled with numerous opportunities for serious error. Enjoy it.
Don't necessarily avoid sharp edges. Occasionally they are necessary to leadership.
Arguments of convenience lack integrity and inevitably trip you up.
Remember where you came from.
With the press there is no 'off the record.'
The Secretary of Defense is not a super General or Admiral. His task is to exercise civilian control over the Department for the Commander-in-Chief and the country.
When cutting staff at the Pentagon, don't eliminate the thin layer that assures civilian control.
Reduce the layers of management. They put distance between the top of an organization and the customers.
Prune - prune businesses, products, activities, people. Do it annually.
The way to do well is to do well.
If you develop rules, never have more than ten.
I don't do quagmires.
You're thinking of Eurpoe as Germany and France. I don't. I think that's old Europe.
Secretary Powell and I agree on every single issue that has ever been before this administration except for those instances where Colin's still learning.
In our system leadership is by consent, not command. To lead a President must persuade. Personal contacts and experiences help shape his thinking. They can be critical to his persuasiveness and thus to his leadership.
Don't automatically obey Presidential directives if you disagree or if you suspect he hasn't considered key aspects of the issue.
If in doubt, move decisions up to the President.
Presidential leadership needn't always cost money. Look for low- and no-cost options. They can be surprisingly effective.
Oh my goodness gracious, what you can buy off the Internet in terms of overhead photography. A trained ape can know an awful lot of what is going on in this world, just by punching on his mouse, for a relatively modest cost.
If it were a fact, it wouldn't be called intelligence.
