American,Public Servant
The dog doesn't know the difference between Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, so I have to walk the dog early those days too.
But for me, it is when a student has died. I find the death of a young person the most difficult and painful of times. To explain it to other young people, to see a bright future snuffed out, is just awful. I am haunted by those deaths.
I've spent my whole life with people underestimating me.
You can't have a university without having free speech, even though at times it makes us terribly uncomfortable. If students are not going to hear controversial ideas on college campuses, they're not going to hear them in America. I believe it's part of their education.
But I have a driver, so I can return calls while I'm in the car.
Asking the government to help you for short periods of time is different than asking the government to take care of you for the rest of your life.
You don't want to destroy the energy that comes out of a campaign.
What you really remember at the beginning was that you have to throw a budget together. We made some terrible mistakes at the beginning in my own budget that took us at least a year to catch up on.
We have to mainstream everybody. No matter what their circumstances when they were growing up. Part of that is knowing that after they're finished with school, everybody in this country gets up and goes to work.
We can't afford as a nation - not because of money but because of our social fabric - to have large numbers of people who are not working.
We are living longer, and we need to live better.
The government is fully capable of delivering services. Even complex services.
Sure, it is apparent that presidents are looking at polls, but they are also stepping up on issues. President Clinton stepped up on tobacco. He shaped the polls on the tobacco issue.
Sex education has to do with what's in people's head.
In every community, whether large or small, there are people who lead in their community in easy and difficult times.
I'm pretty disciplined and am almost always on schedule.
I'll be one of the spokespeople, one of the people who sells the Administration's plans.
I try to deal with my serious reading before work.
I think President Bush tried to step up on Social Security even though the polls showed that was unpopular. He has not been successful and backed off, but I admire people who take on big problems.
I think anyone that thought that we were coming in as a bunch of liberal Democrats to deliver more large-scale social programs was nuts. I sure didn't expect it.
I have to admit, in January and February I was in an absolute fuzz. I had no one on board. It wasn't that I didn't know what I was doing, but we didn't have all the pieces put together.
I have long ties to the women's community.
I have always hired people of different ages. Young people and older people. People in their 70s and in their 20s. People who are fully capable of talking back to me.
I get to work at about 7:30 or 8 unless I have a breakfast meeting.
I bring other constituencies - I also have ties to minority communities. And obviously, to the world of world-class research universities. So I can bring some constituencies that I'm used to working with.
I am interested in getting people to use the healthcare system at the right time, getting them to see the doctor early enough, before a small health problem turns serious.
