American,Actress
Laziness in my biggest pet peeve of all time. Get up, make a plan, do the work, and love yourself, people!
I think a lot of people think I'm either unintelligent because I'm a very happy person and I have a lot of energy or that it's a fake happiness, like fake energy. I completely understand that because it's a lot to handle, and I am a very emotional human being.
I can't make eye contact when people sing 'Happy Birthday' to me.
I would just say that human beings are stronger together. Relying on someone else is not a sign of weakness; it shows strength that you're able to accept that you need help.
I firmly believe there are no bad people.
I think when things get hard with your family, it's really easy to want to isolate yourself. The world is so harsh, so when stuff happens outside, you want to go to your family, but when stuff happens inside your family, you sort of start to feel like, 'I'm alone. There is no place I can go to where just nothing will happen to me.'
I have always felt like I was just sort of waiting to catch up to the rest of myself.
I was from a tiny little island, which I always say is one corn field away from a horror film: it was, like, isolated, and everybody knew everybody, and you go to school with the grandkids of the grandparents that your grandparents went to school with.
When I'm acting, I just come up with people I've known, and I stick with it.
My version of a good role model is everything that I have strived to become over the years, as I have a deep desire to live an honest life and give relentlessly and openly to people who look up to me.
Truthfully, I'm incredibly shy, and I'm very awkward around boys.
Playing two people is definitely difficult, but it's made possible by everyone around me, and it's a big team effort.
I had the longest awkward phase. I had braces for 3 years; I cut my own bangs too far back and they looked like a bowl cut, and I broke my nose twice.
Every single character I've ever played has a little bit of me in them just because every single human in the world has a little bit of everything in them.
It started in middle school. Once, a group of girls locked me in the janitor's closet. Another time, a girl spilled chocolate milk down a dress I made. Girls would try to trip me in the hallway.
As an actor, you are either emulating someone else, or some version of yourself.
I love my mom so much, and I always have, but I was definitely a monster to her a lot during my teen years.
I have a lot of affection to give, and sometimes I'm a little overbearing.
I grew up without a television, so when I went to L.A., it was sort of, you know, a lot to take in, but it actually suited me more than where I was from, so I sort of had that 'home away from home' feeling, and L.A. is definitely home now.
I love 'Extreme Makeover Home Edition.' It feeds my Fantasy Dream Home monster that lives inside of me.
I think it works differently for everyone. Some people do amazing things with research, but for me, it just gets convoluted, and I start to think too much.
I believe one's responsibility as a role model begins and ends with their perception of what a good role model is.
I don't want to have to think about what is right; I want to live right. And what that means to me is going to be different to some of my fans, some of their parents, and some other role models.
I personally believe in progress. I think one of the most debilitating and harming things you can do to a child is to keep them in the dark.
Edgar Allan Poe, I think he's a brilliant poet. I was actually given a copy of his work when I was, like, 8 years old that was my grandfather's, and I still carry it around with me.
I take 'signs' in my life as seriously as advice from family and friends or proven facts. The universe speaks through events, y'all!
'Barely Lethal' is a non-Disney project, and is with Samuel L. Jackson, Hailee Steinfeld, and Jessica Alba. It is a really, really phenomenal film.
When I was younger, I barely left my room because I was busy watching clips of my favorite actors and performers on the Internet.
When you're 10, 11, 12, and you're watching your idols, you feel like you know them. I found more in common with these people when they talked in interviews than I did with my classmates.
At school, I felt out of place. I was bullied. I would think, 'These kids don't like me, they don't accept me,' but I felt like in the entertainment industry, I would fit in.
It's very interesting because as an actor, you play a litany of different roles, but to play both of them within the same day multiple times, in quick successions, it's different and sort of a really rare opportunity that I was initially terrified by and a little bit daunted by.
'Liv and Maddie' is very near and dear to my heart. I'm very proud of it.
I know that sounds dramatic, but shooting everything twice and going through the emotions of two different humans was crazy for me at 16. In terms of my career, that was something that really, really formed me.
When I was a kid, I always wanted to dye my hair crazy colors.
Kristin Chenoweth had been my personal idol since I was, like, 6 or 7.
Your average teenager can't relate to a girl who casts magic spells. But she does understand someone who is torn about her upbringing and the situation in her life.
There's no one who, at some point, hasn't had the feeling their life is on the rails and they can't do anything about it.
I'm very competitive and academic.
Everything is just so much more romantic and real when it's yours and it's private.
It's hard to be a teenager. It's lonely, and you feel like no one understands you. I think that's natural, and my mother let me have the space to feel that way.
One of my favorite things about working on 'Liv and Maddie' is the creative environment that has been designed for us by our lovely director, producers, and writers.
My absolute favorite thing about working on 'Liv and Maddie' is my cast and crew: the people that I spend almost every hour of every day with.
Singing has been a passion of mine, equal to or greater than acting, ever since I was very small.
I'm a really big fan of all things macabre in general; Halloween happens to be my favorite holiday.
There is nothing like the buzz of singing one of your songs during a show and hearing your fans singing with you.
I have been snowboarding since I was seven years old.
I haven't grown since I was 13, and every girl cast opposite me isn't allowed to wear heels on camera, for fear that I would look minuscule. In all of the casting calls for my best friends on every project, it says in big, bold, red letters: 'Please no high heels.' It's a little embarrassing.
My absolute favorite thing about working on 'Liv and Maddie' is my cast and crew. The people that I spend almost every hour of every day with. Your cast has great influence over the quality of your life, and I've been blessed with not just a cast, but a family.
Growing up, I've always been the baby. I'm the younger of two girls in my family, my friends are always older than I am, and I'm a rather small person in stature as well.
I'm not a huge party girl. When I turned 18, the thing I was most excited about was being able to vote for the first time.
I know I don't look edgy, but I have found that in my personality, I just have this natural energy that I enjoy edgier characters, and I really want a chance to sink my teeth into something like that.
I would love to do Broadway. That was my original aim, when I first started acting when I was 13. I wanted to do stage; I wanted to do musicals.
This may be a bit of a broad statement, but I don't think there's anyone that I've met that I haven't created a bit of a deep relationship with. It's a really lovely thing to create a relation with people that might not anticipate that closeness. And that's kind of the light of my life, getting to be close to people.
I love women. I love celebrating women.
Jessica Lange is my all-time favorite actress.
I had the poster of 'Hairspray' right above my bed. And I had the biggest crush on Zac Efron, of course.
I made myself memorize how to spell antidisestablishmentarianism in under 3 seconds when I was 6 years old because my sister told me it was the longest word she knew.
I wore a $30 vintage wedding dress for my 8th birthday in an underground jazz club in Seattle. This was what I wanted.
