American,Actor
I used to go to San Diego all the time to hang out. My cousin played for the San Diego Padres, and my brother lives down there. I love going to the zoo and walking around Old Town.
I always loved comic books when I was growing up, and Spider-Man was definitely a character I gravitated towards because I loved the story of an average teenager having super powers.
I've been to a lot of places while touring, but I'd have to say Switzerland was my favorite.
Ariana Grande is a billionaire before she's been an artist. You have to work to be able to appreciate what you have... what work did she ever have to do in her life?
I'm totally the 'decorate early, start listening to Christmas songs super early' guy. I've just always been that way.
I don't eat sushi, but I eat cooked meat.
My dad sat me in front of the TV, and instead of putting on Nick Jr. or something, he put me in front of 'Jailhouse Rock' and all the Elvis movies.
My first two records were influenced by the Beatles and the Beach Boys.
I love the atmosphere at the mall - everything about Christmas. I don't think anything specific gets me in the holiday spirit except for the holidays themselves.
I wake up in the morning, walk downstairs, and just bang on the piano and write about what's going on in the world around me.
The fans are especially amazing in Mexico. You look out your window, and there are fans that stay out there all night long.
With a good melody... music gets me through everything.
I am 'Mr. Karaoke Guy' in the car completely. I just go with it and don't care what anyone else thinks - I'm singing, man!
I started playing the guitar and singing at about 11 or 12.
There's just a lot of really young, entitled people. I don't think a lot of these young people have to work very hard. They're found on YouTube and, boom, thrown into the studio, so they think they can get anything they want.
If I catch one of my fans saying something improper, a gay slur or any derogatory term, I instantly tweet directly at them and say, 'This isn't how we do it.'
I hope my fans will grow with me. I want to be like Michael Jackson: 5-year-olds love his music, and 75-year-olds love his music.
I would rather be on stage playing to 25 people with a band I love and the music I love than learning dance moves I don't want to do for 25,000 people.
I was raised on Elvis Presley and Buddy Holly and discovered the Stray Cats when I was 11 or 12 years old.
I fell in love with '50s hot-rod, pinup-girl culture.
I loved John Lennon. I read interviews, and whatever he said he liked, I would go and listen to them. That is what I want to do with my fans.
'Drake and Josh' was strictly nine to five. We'd go in and know what we were doing, and 'Superhero Movie' was just nuttiness every day because there's a joke every ten seconds.
Leslie Nielsen was my favorite growing up; getting to work with him was amazing.
I love 'Airplane,' the 'Naked Gun' films; everything the Zucker brothers have done is just awesome.
I grew up on Jerry Lewis and Abbot and Costello, the Marx Brothers.
A lot of the people I'd love to work with, like John Lennon, Elvis Presley, Buddy Holly, aren't alive, unfortunately.
I love 'Drake and Josh.' It's supposed to have a demographic of ages 9-14, but really, it's 9-84. There is no demographic.
I don't want just 25-year-old girls watching my show. I want Grandma, Grandpa and Mom and Dad and the kids. I just want everyone to hear good music.
I can remember just learning to walk and trying to dance like Elvis and sing like Elvis, so I was very, very passionate about music at a very young age.
Dealing with sketch comedy and buddy teams like Abbott and Costello, Bob Hope and Bing Crosby - I just loved buddy comedies.
I really, really love what I do, and there's nothing I love more than getting on stage and playing for an audience or working on a part, getting in front of the camera, and meeting all the cool people I get to meet, and going all the cool places I get to go.
I like to get up early in the morning and run.
My mom was a championship pool player.
My favorite sport is baseball; my cousin is pitcher Heath Bell.
A lot of who I am is in the work I do.
I would say that I'm more than just a teeny-bopper artist... that my music can appeal to people of all ages.
My dream has been to have my rock band behind me, play live, and entertain.
If you look back to a picture of me when I was 12 years old, you will probably see me in a leather jacket trying to look like Elvis!
I like to play music and sleep. But most of all, I love to work... I don't really play sports, so I like to spend my time playing guitar or piano.
I grew up on oldies like the Beatles and the Beach Boys, Led Zeppelin and The Who.
I'm on stage where Rivers Cuomo from Weezer was standing? It's kind of a mind trip.
I hope fans will go back and listen to the Beatles and the Beach Boys or Led Zeppelin, or put on 'Tommy' and let them experience like I did that moment when 'Pinball Wizard' comes on.
