American,Athlete
I'm a very modest person. But I'm also extremely confident. And if you put me in the situation or in the moment, I'm gonna have some swagger, I'm gonna have some cockiness.
That says it all. When you say, 'Victory,' that says it all.
We're trying to be that franchise that year-in and year-out is competing for a championship.
Sometimes all you need is just for somebody to believe in you in order to be able to accomplish maybe what you never thought you could.
And at the time, it is funny how you can look at something and say, for example with my shoulder injury, when it first happened I said this is the worst thing that could happen to me. Why me, why now? Now I look back and say it was probably the best thing that happened to me.
There's always a little bit of personal satisfaction when you prove somebody wrong.
I obviously take a lot of pride in what I do on the football field, because that has the ability to influence a lot of people. That puts smiles on people's faces. That gives people a pep in their step on Monday morning when they go back to work.
You can always be a little bit better.
Each and every year I feel like I've gotten a little bit better and that's always been my goal, was just to get a little bit better.
It took me six months to redeem myself at least to have another chance to at least have her get to know me and let her know I was at least a decent guy and to give me a shot. And here we are, we've been married seven years.
It has been an interesting road, but I wouldn't trade any of it for the world, because I feel like all of those instances in my life I felt molded me and strengthened me and made me who I am.
I needed New Orleans so badly back in 2006, just somebody to believe in me, somebody to care about me.
There's not anything, I don't think, that I can do or accomplish.
I think the fact is that anybody who goes into politics feels like 'I can make a difference'. But it's not one person, you need so many others.
I hope our hopes and aspirations are bigger than setting records.
It's my job to get us in good plays, or more importantly, out of bad plays. That's what I did.
I don't believe that you can be too short as a quarterback. It's not about height.
Obviously if Gates turns out missing the first game because of this, that's disappointing for everyone in this locker room because he is big part of our team and we don't want to see that happen.
The Madden Curse has really taken on a life of its own. People just love talking about it, and it is what it is, but I look at it as a challenge.
I know Andy Roddick's probably tired about me talking about how many times I beat him when we were kids.
My No. 1 priority, and it always has been this, is keeping our team together and making sure we have the right guys in the right positions to make a run at this for a long time.
Each day, you get an ounce more confidence. When we're playing like we are, there's no reason not to.
The Madden NFL franchise holds a special place in popular culture and the cover is a coveted position for players all over the league. I'm honored to be the first cover athlete chosen by Madden NFL fans and it's a great way to cap off an amazing year for the Saints and the city of New Orleans.
I can change a diaper in 30 seconds flat. I set the new one beneath the old one. That way, it's just wipe and pull the flap over.
I'm a very modest person.
I grew up in Texas, obviously a huge football state.
