American,Actor
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.
Attitude and enthusiasm play a big part in my life. I get excited about the things that inspire me. I also believe in laughing and having a good time.
If I love you, I show you I love you every day. Little things, big things.
The single most powerful thing I can be is to be myself.
I didn't have to win, and winning wasn't important to me. Being world champion wasn't important to me. What was important to me was entertaining the audience, and whether that meant winning, losing, singing, or whatever it was on the live show we were doing every week, which was awesome, I was game for it.
Check your ego at the door. The ego can be the great success inhibitor. It can kill opportunities, and it can kill success.
I'm always asked, 'What's the secret to success?' But there are no secrets. Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.
I like to use the hard times in the past to motivate me today.
I've never gone wrong trusting my gut.
If you ever see The Rock working out in the gym, don't think you can just go up and disturb his workout and expect him to take a picture. He's there to work, so kindly just pass the silverback on by or he'll rip your face off.
I'll never, ever be full. I'll always be hungry. Obviously, I'm not talking about food. Growing up, I had nothing for such a long time. Someone told me a long time ago, and I've never forgotten it, 'Once you've ever been hungry, really, really hungry, then you'll never, ever be full.'
When I was ten, I won the horseshoe-throwing contest at summer camp. I was also the Wiffle ball champion in my town.
Not only do I think being nice and kind is easy but being kind, in my opinion, is important.
I've always seen first responders as unsung heroes and very special people because, when everyone else is running away from danger, they run into it.
Nutrition is so important. It can't be stressed enough.
I grew up in a musical family; the majority of my growing up was done in Hawaii. It's what we do. You sing, you dance, you play ukulele and you drink.
With drive and a bit of talent, you can move mountains. I know. I've done it.
The one thing that I keep learning over and over again is that I don't know nothing. I mean, that's my life lesson.
I was raised by strong women, and that DNA is in my daughter and wife.
I grew up where, when a door closed, a window didn't open. The only thing I had was cracks. I'd do everything to get through those cracks - scratch, claw, bite, push, bleed. Now the opportunity is here. The door is wide open, and it's as big as a garage.
I've been through natural disasters. I lived down in Miami and was down there for Hurricane Andrew which was a Category 5. There were members of my family that thought they were going to die. Everyone was in the bathtub.
As an athlete, you'd better laugh at yourself when you slip in the mud.
What was important to me was entertaining the audience, and whether that meant winning, losing, singing, or whatever it was on the live show we were doing every week, which was awesome, I was game for it.
The sexiest thing that a woman can do, wear, and say all fall under one word to me: subtlety. To be subtle in the things that she does and the things she says and the things she wears - I appreciate the details.
If you tell me there's something I can't do, I'll want to do it even more. Especially when it comes to entertaining.
I knew credibility would come only in time and through earnest performances.
My goal was never to be the loudest or the craziest. It was to be the most entertaining.
As a father, safety is always a top of mind issue for me.
When he speaks to you he speaks with an earnest vibe and an earnest energy.
I love making people laugh and feel good, and that's awesome and special for me to be able to do that, but there really is nothing like kicking ass whether it's on a major scale, or whether it's in more of a dramatic fashion. Being physical and taking care of business the old-fashioned way is something that I love doing.
I've been known to have a good step or two. I'm half Samoan, you know, and part of our culture is singing and dancing daily.
I learned a long time ago how to be coachable.
Wrestling is intimate. You can reach out and touch the wrestlers.
For different roles, my condition and training and diet does alter. Depending on the role, it will really dictate the type of training I do.
As we all know, sequels can be tricky.
Before ever meeting Priyanka Chopra, I had heard her name coming out of Bollywood and was impressed: she was beautiful, talented, had made nearly 50 movies, earned multiple awards - a massive star.
I want someone who can trust that my big hands are going to take care of them.
I liked his ability to deal with a lot of the negativity that surrounded him. Even though he was in a world that he didn't want to be in, he still saw the bigger picture.
The one thing I couldn't identify with was the blue cowboy outfit he put on.
One of the skills I had to learn and become proficient in is kissing a man. I had never kissed a man. Will Smith did it in his movies, so did Jake Gyllenhaal, and I figured it was my time. So it was me and Steve Carell - fantastic.
Barack Obama did tell me that I was one of Michelle Obama's favorite actors.
Wrestling was like stand-up comedy for me. Every night I had a live audience of 25,000 people to win over. My goal was never to be the loudest or the craziest. It was to be the most entertaining.
You've got to keep your finger on the pulse of what your audience is thinking, and know what they'll accept from you.
I'd love to do a musical. I've been known to have a good step or two. I'm half Samoan, you know, and part of our culture is singing and dancing daily.
Every once in a while I get the highly inappropriate proposal which is like, 'Wow, Really! You don't even know me and I don't know you at all, and you want that to happen? Tonight? Ok, I get off work at 7.30.'
I love the 3D revolution. I love the technology today that continues to push the envelope, continues break the new ground, and continues to raise the bar.
But I do believe that there's going to be a time where all movies are going to be made in 3D and it's just going to be a given, and that is going to be an exciting time.
I was brought up as an only child, and we were very close. But when I was 14, we got evicted. We came home to a padlock, and I looked up at my mom and she was crying, and there was nothing to do.
Wrestling was like stand-up comedy for me.
Football changed my life and it gave me a platform to get out my aggression and it gave me a sense of value.
With action films, it's great if it's not just driven by action, but by a good story and interesting characters, as well. Though, there's nothin' like kicking butt!
I like the idea of making a big, fun, adventure type of movie.
The goal for me is always to have the opportunity to work in different genres. This is a great and exciting time in my career, where I can have the opportunity to work in different genres, and also I recognize there's not a lot of actors who have that opportunity and I'm grateful for it.
I like the idea of working in different genres and transcending genres and hopefully finding success, and ultimately make movies people like.
I never wanted to stay in one genre; I never wanted to be pigeon-holed or defined as the actor who only worked in one genre. I want to be able to work in all different genres. For me it's fun, and that's how I grow as an actor.
When I was a kid, I loved Elvis, and Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones. But I had no connection to Hollywood - and being a movie star was such a far-fetched idea, growing up in Hawaii.
I want to be a man who is truthful and who won't let pride get in the way of my ripping myself open to my partner and saying, 'Here I am. This is me.' I feel there's something powerful when a man reaches a point in his life when he can be completely vulnerable.
The only film I've enjoyed starring a wrestler was Mickey Rourke in 'The Wrestler.'
I've always loved the showmanship of professional wrestling. While I love making movies, I love that platform, too.
When I was a kid at four years old, that's when I started amateur wrestling with my dad and family. And when that's instilled in you, it never goes away.
WWE is a space where I thrived, and I loved, and I still do. I love connecting with an audience; that is the greatest thing about going back to WWE.
Playing big, heroic characters with heart is always a lot of fun. I enjoy making movies like that, and a lot of people love to live vicariously through those characters.
I have an immense amount of respect for acting. I've always loved movies and was always fascinated by movie-making. But to become an actor, I wanted to commit myself.
I was a bit challenged when I was younger to stay on the right path.
I think there are a number of things that you can do to encourage your kids' dreams, but I do believe in speaking by experience of having a lot of help along the way, stumbling in the past. We've all stumbled, and we certainly all deserve to get up and walk again.
Part of my daily regime is my glucosamine and, of course, a multitude of multivitamins. Branched-chain amino acids, glutamine, of course protein. I have one protein shake a day, and that is immediately after my training.
I absolutely believed when I was young because the Tooth Fairy was always good to me. The Tooth Fairy generally left me a dollar or two dollars and, as a kid, that was a lot of money.
My philosophy is, it's always very rewarding when you can make an audience laugh. I don't mind making fun of myself. I like self-deprecating comedy. But I'd like you to laugh with me occasionally, too.
When a family film is done well, there's a character that every member of the audience can relate to. I want to be one of those guys.
I knew early on that I wanted to entertain in some form. And I knew I would work as hard as anyone to do it.
Maybe I'll give Broadway a try. But you know what would be great? Hosting the Oscars. I promise you, that would be a show no one forgot.
My parents were dealing with evictions and repossessions and electricity getting shut off, and I just realized that I had to get it together.
Because of my wrestling background, nothing a director can throw at me on a set can faze me.
With all the... success that I've been lucky enough to get? That doesn't happen unless the home life is solid.
My parents weren't actors or studio executives.
I was born to play Hercules. I have loved and honored the mythology over the years - since I was a kid. When I first broke into Hollywood, 'Hercules' was one of the movies that I - not chased, because I didn't have the power to chase anything - but always had in the back of my mind.
It took Simone a long time to understand why people want Daddy's autograph. I'd tell her, and my wife would tell her, too, 'People see Daddy in the movies, and they are excited to meet him.' But she couldn't really grasp it.
My mom cleaned toilets for a long time, and she'd seen a lot of terrible things, but she was still the strength of our family. And there are women like that all across the country - all around the world - who show that type of fortitude.
My genetic make-up is one of physicality. I'm a visceral guy.
I started in action, and then I went to comedy school.
I love making movies, but there's nothing like performing live.
Come on, you can't name a truck after a chick.
I don't have a need for speed. I'm not that guy.
I don't race cars.
I love WWE, and I love that platform. There is no other platform in the world that gives me that instant gratification. There is just no other platform.
I love Steve Carell.
By the time I was 23 years old, I had multiple arrests.
To be immortalized in a ride is a very cooI thing.
When you have something as unique and special as the 'Fast & Furious' franchise, you want to create an experience for the fans that they can only feel and experience at Universal Parks.
I've always loved the idea of playing Black Adam.
In Hollywood, a lot of times when something is in development, it just takes a lot of time.
When I was 8, I thought I was Harrison Ford, Gene Wilder, Richard Pryor, Elvis, and Chuck Norris all at once.
We all live with cancer, whether it is present in ourselves or affects someone we love.
The Revlon Run/Walk effort to focus on women's cancer has my wholehearted support and gratitude.
I used to get into a lot of fights.
Yeah, I was a delinquent. It was when I was in the ninth grade. I was doing stupid stuff, and the cops came into the class. I was humiliated more than anything.
I am not The Rock. I am Dwayne Johnson.
My grandfather was one of the very, very first, if not the first, Samoan wrestlers to become known on a worldwide basis.
'Be Cool' was a defining movie for me.
Working out anchors my day.
What I like to do is get the family in the pick-up truck... and then we just go for a drive. That's it!
I can eat two large pizzas and a tray of brownies in one sitting. I'm not sharing that. We can get another one, but I ain't sharing.
I know Gov. Christie. We've met a couple of times.
I have good friends who are politicians on both sides.
I've learned never to say never.
I enjoyed working with Stephen Merchant. He was wonderful. I've been such a big fan of his acting.
I've been fortunate to have had the life I had prior to Hollywood. I wasn't starving; I was going to eat the next day.
In wrestling, there's a shelf life, and some wrestlers don't pay attention to the shelf life.
I can hold my own when it comes to burping. I've got a good feeling that I could win a championship.
I would never win an award for not loving pizza.
Some of the kids in school used to call my father a fake or a phony. That kind of thing brought on a few fights.
When I was a kid, I never thought much about football. I thought about following in my family's footsteps and going into professional wrestling.
I plan on taking athletics as far as I can.
I'll be honest: I haven't ruled politics out.
I can't deny that the thought of being governor, the thought of being president, is alluring. And beyond that, it would be an opportunity to make a real impact on people's lives on a global scale. But there are a lot of other things I want to do first.
I played with two lines of action figures when I was a kid: G.I. Joe and Star Wars.
My freshman and sophomore years in high school, I spent a lot of time trying to get back on the right track. I was arrested multiple times by the time I was 16, so I had a little harder time trying to adjust like a lot of us do in high school.
The successful men I admired all built their bodies.
If I want to be called 'The Rock,' I'll be called 'The Rock.' If I want to go back to wrestling, I'll go back to wrestling.
I was fortunate and I was lucky that I had a couple of people in my life who cared about me. I had good, loving parents.
I was a good football player, and I had a chance to play with some great players.
I break ground. I trailblaze.
There's this lingering philosophy that movie stars shouldn't do TV.
