American,Clergyman
If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me.
We are told to let our light shine, and if it does, we won't need to tell anybody it does. Lighthouses don't fire cannons to call attention to their shining - they just shine.
The Bible will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from the Bible.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
A good example is far better than a good precept.
A rule I have had for years is: to treat the Lord Jesus Christ as a personal friend. His is not a creed, a mere doctrine, but it is He Himself we have.
Church attendance is as vital to a disciple as a transfusion of rich, healthy blood to a sick man.
We talk about heaven being so far away. It is within speaking distance to those who belong there. Heaven is a prepared place for a prepared people.
Character is what a man is in the dark.
There are many of us that are willing to do great things for the Lord, but few of us are willing to do little things.
There's no better book with which to defend the Bible than the Bible itself.
God doesn't seek for golden vessels, and does not ask for silver ones, but He must have clean ones.
Where one man reads the Bible, a hundred read you and me.
I have had more trouble with myself than with any other man.
Preparation for old age should begin not later than one's teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement.
God never made a promise that was too good to be true.
We can stand affliction better than we can prosperity, for in prosperity we forget God.
Death may be the King of terrors... but Jesus is the King of kings!
Where I was born and where and how I have lived is unimportant. It is what I have done with where I have been that should be of interest.
Give me a man who says this one thing I do, and not those fifty things I dabble in.
A man ought to live so that everybody knows he is a Christian... and most of all, his family ought to know.
No man can resolve himself into Heaven.
I know the Bible is inspired because it inspires me.
It is a masterpiece of the devil to make us believe that children cannot understand religion. Would Christ have made a child the standard of faith if He had known that it was not capable of understanding His words?
Never think that Jesus commanded a trifle, nor dare to trifle with anything He has commanded.
