American,Model
Modeling is not a passion of mine. I have been having fun with it, but it's just to pay the bills.
No matter where I'm going, I always have sunglasses, a book, and some gum in my carry-on.
I will always eat pizza! Always.
Getting to wear Chanel is my version of a fairy tale. Not that I would wear it every day - my style is more jeans and T-shirts - but it's kind of fun.
I had already been approached to do modeling, but in the beginning, I didn't want to hear of it. Then, after two months of delivering pizza, I changed my mind, and I presented myself at the agency.
I can't imagine dating someone famous. I try to stay away from that as much as I can.
Writing, directing... anything behind the camera is what I want to do.
I think my parents love that I want to do something a little different than what they do.
Sushi is one of my favorite foods.
I'm dying to go to India.
My dream dinner party guests would be Ethel Kennedy, Truman Capote and Hunter S. Thompson.
The whole selfie generation - it's just not my vibe.
It's sad that because I have one friend who is in the public eye, just being seen out together once means we're romantically involved. But I don't take it seriously, and it doesn't really affect me much.
I like doing the editorial stuff because it's nice to do something that's more me. But modeling for brands and the things to make money... I guess I don't really like being the mannequin. It's a very strange concept.
I don't deny that I had a very privileged upbringing, but my parents and that town maintained a sense of normalcy that I think many people find hard to achieve, and I am so grateful for that.
I'm not a big fan of working out. Living in Los Angeles makes it much easier for me; I don't ever have an excuse not to be outside.
I live three blocks away from the beach, so every day I walk down to the beach to run or go swimming. Hiking is a big one for me - so long as it's something where I'm not thinking about working out, like in a contrived class or the gym.
I wear sunscreen every single day - I just don't go out of the house without it. I also try to get enough sleep, eat as healthy as I can and keep hydrated. I have very sensitive skin, and depending on what products are used on a shoot, my skin can break out in an instant.
It's funny because I've resisted acting as a career for most of my life. But both my parents told me if I ever want to direct, I should act first because no director should direct until they know what it's like to be in the actor's shoes.
I didn't want to go to college, and my parents said, 'Well, then you'd better get a job, because we're not paying for you to drop out of school.' So I delivered pizza near USC for a while. We had to wear khakis and a baseball hat with the logo on it, and I worked almost every day.
I love telling stories; I always have, and I think women need to be more proactive about telling their own stories and sharing their points of view.
I don't make a habit of watching my parents' films, because it is a little strange. But I will say that I binge watch 'House of Cards' compulsively, and I think it's the first time I've ever seen one of my mom's projects and totally forgot she was my mom!
My name is Dylan simply because my parents did not know before I was born if I would be a boy or a girl, and Dylan was a name that worked in both cases.
My truest passion is writing, so I continue to do that on my own while seeing what all the buzz is about being in front of the camera.
I like to write, and I would love to be a screenwriter one day and a director.
When I was 14, in Cuba, I met Fidel Castro with my dad, and it was really impressive. And on a totally different level, I met Justin Timberlake!
