American,Writer
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.
Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.
A good farmer is nothing more nor less than a handy man with a sense of humus.
It is not often that someone comes along who is a true friend and a good writer.
We should all do what, in the long run, gives us joy, even if it is only picking grapes or sorting the laundry.
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men.
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
Be obscure clearly.
There is nothing more likely to start disagreement among people or countries than an agreement.
There's no limit to how complicated things can get, on account of one thing always leading to another.
A writer is like a bean plant - he has his little day, and then gets stringy.
The world organization debates disarmament in one room and, in the next room, moves the knights and pawns that make national arms imperative.
I see nothing in space as promising as the view from a Ferris wheel.
The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.
Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.
Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one.
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.
The only sense that is common in the long run, is the sense of change and we all instinctively avoid it.
I don't know which is more discouraging, literature or chickens.
Old age is a special problem for me because I've never been able to shed the mental image I have of myself - a lad of about 19.
One of the most time-consuming things is to have an enemy.
All we need is a meteorologist who has once been soaked to the skin without ill effect. No one can write knowingly of the weather who walks bent over on wet days.
Commas in The New Yorker fall with the precision of knives in a circus act, outlining the victim.
To perceive Christmas through its wrappings becomes more difficult with every year.
