American,Poet
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else - means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
A wind has blown the rain away and blown the sky away and all the leaves away, and the trees stand. I think, I too, have known autumn too long.
The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful.
Private property began the instant somebody had a mind of his own.
To destroy is always the first step in any creation.
I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach ten thousand stars how not to dance.
Always the beautiful answer who asks a more beautiful question.
Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination.
America makes prodigious mistakes, America has colossal faults, but one thing cannot be denied: America is always on the move. She may be going to Hell, of course, but at least she isn't standing still.
A politician is an arse upon which everyone has sat except a man.
Humanity I love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink.
To like an individual because he's black is just as insulting as to dislike him because he isn't white.
Be of love a little more careful than of anything.
I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach 10,000 stars how not to dance.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
Listen; there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go.
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.
I imagine that yes is the only living thing.
Nothing recedes like progress.
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart.
It takes three to make a child.
