American,Novelist
A young man is a theory, an old man is a fact.
Fishing seems to be the favorite form of loafing.
A boy doesn't have to go to war to be a hero; he can say he doesn't like pie when he sees there isn't enough to go around.
Some men storm imaginary Alps all their lives, and die in the foothills cursing difficulties which do not exist.
A thief believes everybody steals.
The greatest humiliation in life, is to work hard on something from which you expect great appreciation, and then fail to get it.
Half the time men think they are talking business, they are wasting time.
If a man has money, it is usually a sign, too, that he knows how to take care of it; don't imagine his money is easy to get simply because he has plenty of it.
The worst feeling in the world is the homesickness that comes over a man occasionally when he is at home.
When people hear good music, it makes them homesick for something they never had, and never will have.
The man who can keep a secret may be wise, but he is not half as wise as the man with no secrets to keep.
Never tell a secret to a bride or a groom; wait until they have been married longer.
A good scare is worth more to a man than good advice.
No woman ever falls in love with a man unless she has a better opinion of him than he deserves.
One of the surprising things in this world is the respect a worthless man has for himself.
When you are in trouble, people who call to sympathize are really looking for the particulars.
Many a man is saved from being a thief by finding everything locked up.
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
It is hard to convince a high-school student that he will encounter a lot of problems more difficult than those of algebra and geometry.
There is always a type of man who says he loves his fellow men, and expects to make a living at it.
It may be a cold, clammy thing to say, but those that treat friendship the same as any other selfishness seem to get the most out of it.
The most destructive criticism is indifference.
If a woman doesn't chase a man a little, she doesn't love him.
A woman who can't forgive should never have more than a nodding acquaintance with a man.
The feeling of sleepiness when you are not in bed, and can't get there, is the meanest feeling in the world.
If you don't learn to laugh at troubles, you won't have anything to laugh at when you grow old.
Americans detest all lies except lies spoken in public or printed lies.
A theory is no more like a fact than a photograph is like a person.
For every quarrel a man and wife have before others, they have a hundred when alone.
The little trouble in the world that is not due to love is due to friendship.
The average man's judgment is so poor, he runs a risk every time he uses it.
A woman is as old as she looks before breakfast.
A man will do more for his stubbornness than for his religion or his country.
There is only one thing people like that is good for them; a good night's sleep.
Farmers only worry during the growing season, but townspeople worry all the time.
The underdog often starts the fight, and occasionally the upper dog deserves to win.
When a man is trying to sell you something, don't imagine that he is polite all the time.
Marriage is a good deal like a circus: there is not as much in it as is represented in the advertising.
If your faith is opposed to experience, to human learning and investigation, it is not worth the breath used in giving it expression.
Every successful person I have heard of has done the best he could with the conditions as he found them, and not waited until next year for better.
