American,Journalist
A vacation is what you take when you can no longer take what you've been taking.
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break.
You may not be able to read a doctor's handwriting and prescription, but you'll notice his bills are neatly typewritten.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Nonchalance is the ability to remain down to earth when everything else is up in the air.
Gossip is when you hear something you like about someone you don't.
This would be a much better world if more married couples were as deeply in love as they are in debt.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Nothing is as embarrassing as watching your boss do something you assured him couldn't be done.
Poise: the ability to be ill at ease inconspicuously.
Ever notice that the whisper of temptation can be heard farther than the loudest call to duty.
Always remember, money isn't everything - but also remember to make a lot of it before talking such fool nonsense.
Experience is what enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
One way to get high blood pressure is to go mountain climbing over molehills.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
He was so honest you could play craps with him over the phone.
If you wouldn't write it and sign it, don't say it.
Middle Age - later than you think and sooner than you expect.
A woman may race to get a man a gift but it always ends in a tie.
Today's accent may be on youth, but the stress is still on the parents.
He's an honest man - you could shoot craps with him over the telephone.
A baseball game is simply a nervous breakdown divided into nine innings.
To sell something, tell a woman it's a bargain; tell a man it's deductible.
The fastest way for a politician to become an elder statesman is to lose an election.
Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen.
