American,Coach
On my tombstone just write, 'The sorest loser that ever lived.'
Nobody likes to hear it, because it's dull, but the reason you win or lose is darn near always the same - pitching.
You can't sit on a lead and run a few plays into the line and just kill the clock. You've got to throw the ball over the damn plate and five the other man his chance. That's why baseball is the greatest game of them all.
The key to winning baseball games is pitching, fundamentals, and three run homers.
Momentum? Momentum is the next day's starting pitcher.
The key step for an infielder is the first one, to the left or right, but before the ball is hit.
I really don't like confrontations. One of the reasons I'm retiring is that I'm tired of hurting people's feelings.
There ain't no genius here. Strategy in baseball is overrated. People say, 'That Weaver, he plays for the long ball too much.' You bet I do. Hit 'em out. Then I got no worry about somebody lousing up a bunt, I got no worry about the hit and run - and that's really overrated - I got no worry about base-running errors. And I can't screw it up myself.
A manager has to convince his hitters that they have to get on base for the next guy and that no player can do it by himself. Sometimes that isn't easy. In the playoffs, you can get into trouble because everybody wants to be a hero.
I think there should be bad blood between all clubs.
A winning player is nothing more than a player on a winning team. A losing player is a guy who played on a losing team that year.
This ain't a football game, we do this every day.
People always make a lot about how I don't carry grudges. That's my religious upbringing. I went nine years without missing Sunday school. Lutheran. I can't live with hatred inside of me. That's what I learned. I ain't scared of dying, either.
Until you're the person that other people fall back on, until you're the one that's leaned on, not the person doing the leaning, you're not an adult.
When you play for one run, that's usually all you get. I have nothing against the bunt in its place, but most of the time, that place is in the bottom of a long-forgotten closet.
A manager's job is simple. For one hundred sixty-two games you try not to screw up all that smart stuff your organization did last December.
A manager should stay as far away as possible from his players. I don't know if I said ten words to Frank Robinson while he played for me.
Coaches are an integral part of any manager's team, especially if they are good pinochle players.
Don't worry, the fans don't start booing until July.
I think the National League has better biorhythms in July.
No one's gonna give a damn in July if you lost a game in March.
The job of arguing with the umpire belongs to the manager, because it won't hurt the team if he gets thrown out of the game.
The only thing that matters is what happens on the little hump out in the middle of the field.
You win pennants in the off season when you build your teams with trades and free agents.
I became an optimist when I discovered that I wasn't going to win any more games by being anything else.
In baseball, you can't kill the clock. You've got to give the other man his chance. That's why this is the greatest game.
What else does a manager do but push buttons? He doesn't hit, he doesn't run, he doesn't throw, and he doesn't catch the ball. A manager has twenty-five players, or twenty-five buttons, and he selects which one he'll use, or push, that day. The manager who presses the right buttons most often is the one who wins the most games.
