American,Politician
I'm a dedicated Republican and a proud party man.
When you look at where the Democratic field is going relative to foreign policy, they are increasingly moving away from a policy of pre-emptive self-defense that the president has adopted since September 11.
I do not believe the American people are going to confuse hatred for passion.
The Democratic Party is getting very angry, and that came through clearly in this election.
But I think there was a sense amongst the House Republicans especially that we didn't just want to be opposed to Bill Clinton; that we wanted to tell the country what we were for and to brand ourselves in a more positive manner.
I accept people for who they are and love them. That doesn't mean I have to agree or that I have to turn my back on the tenets of my faith and reject the tenets of my faith when it comes to homosexuality.
If Ralph Nader runs, President Bush is going to be re-elected, and if Ralph Nader doesn't run, President Bush is going to be re-elected. We're going to run on the president's strong and principled leadership and his positive agenda for a second term.
On the other side, I do believe that the rhetoric we are seeing from the Democrats today is unprecedented, is a new low in presidential politics and goes beyond political discourse and amounts to political hate speech.
People like passion in politics.
They do believe that if we do not wage this war against terror in places like Baghdad and Kabul, we are more likely to have it waged in Baltimore and Kansas.
So I think that our foreign policy, the president's strong and principled leadership when it comes to the war against terror and foreign policy is going to be an asset.
We are seeing at the Republican National Committee a phenomenon that is worth noting this week; maybe today, maybe tomorrow, maybe Wednesday, we will have a million first time donors since the president took office.
And so it was interesting for me to find myself very enamored of a Republican president, but Ronald Reagan was someone I thought captured the spirit of America.
The fact is that we as a party at the Republican National Committee registered 3.4 million new voters in the past two years and brought them into the political process. The president won by 3.5 million votes.
The highest percentage of African Americans own their own homes today than ever in our nation's history.
Well, I think the Republican Party is the more populist party.
I think one of the problems the Democrats have today is that they are an elitist party.
I don't believe we're the party of big business.
I believe we're the party of small business.
We are in favor of greater free markets.
Politics swings like a pendulum.
Our party may have swung too far right at various times.
One is that President Clinton, in his first two years of his term, did not govern as he had campaigned.
Even as a partisan Republican, I'm not sure a 40-year run is healthy for either party.
Frankly, I thought we would have lost the House by now.
Well, my wife, Cathy Gillespie, worked for Joe Barton, who was running for Congress in 1984.
