American,Actress
The second you are handed a newborn it is yours. It doesn't matter what body it came out of. I've never felt more strongly about anything in my life.
I love being able to take a nap in the afternoon.
In my household there is an insane amount of laughter and celebration.
Being a single mother was the right thing for me. But I have a tremendous amount of help from my friends. They're in love with my kids, and my kids are in love with them.
Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.
There's a little good and bad in everyone. Everybody I've ever loved is very complicated.
I'm a very ritualistic, routine-oriented person, and I discovered over the years that I love working Monday through Friday.
I actually washed my window once, and it fell through - it was being held together by the dirt.
And hey-the psychiatrist in the show is Italian also. So people are going to focus on what they want to focus on. There's not much you can do about that.
I wanted to act; that was my one goal. I wanted to devote all my time to acting and not waitressing or anything else.
I was a young kid from Long Island who wanted to do something large with her life, so I can relate to that.
I was able to support myself by acting alone about six years ago. Until then, I was just scraping by.
I've watched those shows my whole life - being on one is like a dream. It's hard to balance that dream with the fact that this is the Edie I've known my whole life.
It's hard to notice things without people noticing me and that takes some getting used to.
My actual personality probably lies someplace between the two.
One of the ways I think I gain fodder for characters is by watching people.
There were a lot of times I wondered if I was deluding myself. I had nothing else to fall back on, but I never enjoyed anything else.
Well, yeah, but I probably wasn't as open about my desperation.
When a show has gotten as much attention as this one, everyone wants to join in with something to say.
The high-grossing films are not all that interesting to me, I have to say. It's not stuff I would want to be in. Yes, you would want the big paycheck, but that's never really been my concern.
I'm not sad about any of my life. It's so unconventional. It doesn't look anything like I thought it would.
My kids have never seen me scream at anybody. They've never seen an argument. There's never been even a cold silence. And those are things that I grew up with because my parents did end up divorcing.
I really am profoundly grateful just in general in my life. I've had an embarrassing amount of good fortune.
I have this dog named Marley, and it is a kind of love I had never known. I have a hard time believing Marley did not come from my body. I know that sounds insane, but I feel that connected to her. She made me realize I wanted to adopt children.
I'm just not one of those people who thought having biological children was that important, to me it was more about wanting to raise a child.
I never really wanted kids. I didn't not want them, but motherhood just wasn't something that pulled at me.
