American,Author
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.
A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.
Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit.
You can't study the darkness by flooding it with light.
One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothin' can beat teamwork.
Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell.
The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders.
When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.
Climbing K2 or floating the Grand Canyon in an inner tube; there are some things one would rather have done than do.
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.
Our culture runs on coffee and gasoline, the first often tasting like the second.
What is the purpose of the giant sequoia tree? The purpose of the giant sequoia tree is to provide shade for the tiny titmouse.
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.
Civilization is a youth with a molotov cocktail in his hand. Culture is the Soviet tank or L.A. cop that guns him down.
For myself I hold no preferences among flowers, so long as they are wild, free, spontaneous. Bricks to all greenhouses! Black thumb and cutworm to the potted plant!
There is science, logic, reason; there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California.
Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.
If the end does not justify the means - what can?
Grown men do not need leaders.
The missionaries go forth to Christianize the savages - as if the savages weren't dangerous enough already.
Our 'neoconservatives' are neither new nor conservative, but old as Bablyon and evil as Hell.
Society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top.
Taxation: how the sheep are shorn.
That which today calls itself science gives us more and more information, and indigestible glut of information, and less and less understanding.
