American,Author
God never ends anything on a negative; God always ends on a positive.
Confidentiality is a virtue of the loyal, as loyalty is the virtue of faithfulness.
Obedience is an act of faith; disobedience is the result of unbelief.
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
Reasonable men adapt to the world around them; unreasonable men make the world adapt to them. The world is changed by unreasonable men.
A fast is not a hunger strike. Fasting submits to God's commands. A hunger strike makes God submit to our demands.
You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there.
The Ten Commandments have never been replaced as the moral basis upon which society rests.
Knowledge of God's Word is a bulwark against deception, temptation, accusation, even persecution.
Mediocre men work at their best; men seeking excellence strive to do better.
You seek the heights of manhood when you seek the depths of God.
Attitude determines the altitude of life.
The pattern of the prodigal is: rebellion, ruin, repentance, reconciliation, restoration.
Expectancy is the atmosphere for miracles.
The yoke you wear determines the burden you bear.
Men cannot make Scripture conform to their lifestyle; they must make their lifestyle conform to Scripture.
Boundaries are to protect life, not to limit pleasures.
It is not enough to be delivered from sin; it is enough to be delivered to righteousness.
By use you possess gain; by disuse you decline and lose.
Successful people recognize crisis as a time for change - from lesser to greater, smaller to bigger.
Reading is an art form, and every man can be an artist.
Being faithful in that which is another man's qualifies us to receive our own.
Believing in evolution is believing in the unproved, while believing in Christ is believing in the proven.
Have faith in God; God has faith in you.
Marriage may be the closest thing to Heaven or Hell any of us will know on this earth.
Men are limited by the knowledge of their minds, the worth of their characters and the principles upon which they are building their lives.
The discipline of daily devotion to God undergirds decisions.
There are no small churches, just small people.
There is a high cost for low living.
There is a price to pay for accomplishment.
To him who knows to prosper and does it not, to him it is sin.
Trust funds can never be a substitute for a fund of trust.
Truth cannot be defeated.
Truth is life's most precious commodity.
What the mind cannot retain, the body will have to endure.
What you believe about God has the greatest potential for good or harm in your life.
When the pressure comes, preferences give way while convictions hold firm.
You are committed to what you confess.
You cannot be responsible for salvation until first you've been responsible for sin.
You don't reward reaction; you reward results.
Your best friend and worst enemy are both in this room right now. It's not your neighbor right or left - and it's not God or the devil - it's you.
