American,Poet
I always aimed at being a legend.
The poet is like the earth's shadow. The sun moves, and the poet writes something down.
Evolution is not an even process. There are surges, and there are micromoments. Certainly a career as an artist is that way.
When I'm writing the poem, I feel like I have to close my eyes. I don't mean literally, but you invite a kind of blindness, and that's the birth of the poem.
When somebody's in love with you, they think it's amazing you've written them a poem, and when they don't love you anymore, they hate those poems. They wish those poems would go away.
If the poetry world celebrate its female stars at the true level of their productivity and influence, poetry would wind up being a largely female world, and the men would leave.
As things get worse, poetry gets better because it becomes more necessary.
Literature is love. I think it went like this: drawings in the cave, sounds in the cave, songs in the cave, songs about us. Later, stories about us.
Poetry always, always, always is a key piece of democracy.
With Instagram, you're captioning a moment. Twitter is the caption without the image. Even if it's there, the words come first.
Older men get lovable, and older women get monstrous.
I've grown to love Barack Obama. Hillary is no Bernie Sanders. But she's a politician, and she understands Congress. And I think with that kind of twisted beauty, she could lead our country.
A vote should be generative, not like business as usual, which is what voting feels like for most of us.
Having big audiences when you're on a book tour is like Valhalla if you're a person who used to sell Girl Scout cookies on the side. Because you want to give the reading that will sell the most books.
I really just love reading. It's my favorite thing, performing my poems live. Reading by reading, I just kind of follow my nose.
The thing about not being historically a mainstream writer is that everyone feels like you're theirs: you're their friend.
Everybody loved me running for president in '91 and '92 because they never knew a presidential candidate before.
I thought 'Chelsea Girls' was going to change my life.
I wasn't afraid of being poor. I didn't want to live in a big house. I'm the perfect size for poetry. I can move around.
I've had a lifelong waiting-for-the-other-shoe-to-drop feeling when something good happens.
I wake up with a sense of wonder. I don't dread the future. I like it.
I tend to view my life as an accident, almost as a dream.
Sunday is a likely day to write a poem. Because poetry is a piece of language flying around: you'll find notebooks, something on your phone. It's about finding them and getting them off that crumpled piece of paper and onto my computer.
The first time I voted, I voted for Eugene McCarthy and I knew he wouldn't win, but it felt so great to vote for him, to vote for the right guy - the one who wanted peace.
Lyndon Johnson, I know for a fact, was a great president. And I don't mean by that he was a great man.
I'd like to sit down with Hillary Clinton onstage and ask her about Glass Steagall and all the big banks and her own campaign contributions.
Poetry and novels are lists of our devotions. We love the feel of making the marks as the feelings are rising and falling.
Living in literature and love is the best thing there is. You're always home.
