American,Musician
I'm too grateful to be hateful. I am too blessed to be stressed.
Like everyone else in this world, I have had struggles. There's disappointment and obstacles in everybody's life. I feel like I was writing 'Second Chance' not just for myself, but also for the people who have struggled.
I was in no way ready when my daughter was born. But I want to be a good father to her.
I know that I'm here because of the grace of God. But I also know that I've been given this second chance for a specific reason, and that is to bring love to the world again through the voice of my music, and I'm so honored to be able to do it. I'm so blessed that God has chosen me to do that.
I want the world to know that everybody deserves a second chance.
The way you can be careful of the catastrophe that success can bring is by paying attention to something else that comes along with success - responsibility.
I'm a nice guy, but not all the time. There are these personalities in me, so many of them. They come out at strange times. I can be one way, then five minutes later I'm another way.
The piano has been my friend all my life; it has always comforted me. Writing songs and sitting down at the piano is not only a business, it's a hobby I enjoy.
Keep your eye on what you're responsible to and what you're responsible for, and that'll keep you right.
BET, I'll never, never, ever forget them for this wonderful blessing they gave to me, to be on the 10th annual BET awards for my comeback.
I hit rock bottom before I even went there. Actually, prison was the rescue mission that God had put on me. He sent out his angels to rescue me. In prison, he protected me the whole time I was in there, and it was just for me to get my will power back, to get my strength back, get my focus together.
When I write songs, when I sing songs, I don't have anybody in mind. I'm just trying to express what I think people are feeling.
Music really helps me. It's like a best friend.
I'm not crazy. But I am different. I'm still learning about myself.
I fight these strange personalities by getting into music.
God gave me a second chance. I am so very glad with what is going on with my career, but I want to be a success in my relationship with my children.
There's a little bit of gospel in everything I do. But I don't know if I will ever do a gospel album. There's a big universe out here, and I don't want to just sing to the church. I want to sing to the world and bring them a message of love. I love going to church and singing gospel songs, but right now there's a message that the world needs.
RZA is one of the most unique individuals and rap artists that I have worked with.
When I think about that first DeBarge album, I remember being so green... just pristine. Nothing mattered to me but writing songs. I remember staying locked up in a room with my piano and just singing and writing songs all day long. I remember being a perfectionist about it... wanting to change this and fix that.
God has been God in my life ever since I can remember.
The devil is busy and trying to distort and adulterate the things that are the pure essence of God.
God strengthened me and taught me who I am in Him. He taught me that not only do I need to have faith in Him, but I need to believe in myself again.
There's music to dance to and make love to, music to cry to. I'm starting from scratch, coming fresh. But my sound still embodies the same soulful, intricate harmonies.
There's a certain missing feeling, a void out there that I'm more than happy to fill. Without criticizing what's out there now, I'm just going to do El DeBarge.
When your will power is gone, you are helpless.
My voice, I'm blessed to have it.
