American,Novelist
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
Without memory, there is no culture. Without memory, there would be no civilization, no society, no future.
We must take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must - at that moment - become the center of the universe.
For me, every hour is grace. And I feel gratitude in my heart each time I can meet someone and look at his or her smile.
Mankind must remember that peace is not God's gift to his creatures; peace is our gift to each other.
Indifference, to me, is the epitome of evil.
That I survived the Holocaust and went on to love beautiful girls, to talk, to write, to have toast and tea and live my life - that is what is abnormal.
Words can sometimes, in moments of grace, attain the quality of deeds.
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes I've been closer to him for that reason.
Someone who hates one group will end up hating everyone - and, ultimately, hating himself or herself.
I remember, May 1944: I was 15-and-a-half, and I was thrown into a haunted universe where the story of the human adventure seemed to swing irrevocably between horror and malediction.
When a person doesn't have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity.
I was very, very religious. And of course I wrote about it in 'Night.' I questioned God's silence. So I questioned. I don't have an answer for that. Does it mean that I stopped having faith? No. I have faith, but I question it.
Most people think that shadows follow, precede or surround beings or objects. The truth is that they also surround words, ideas, desires, deeds, impulses and memories.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
I marvel at the resilience of the Jewish people. Their best characteristic is their desire to remember. No other people has such an obsession with memory.
When a person doesn't have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity. A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude.
Look, if I were alone in the world, I would have the right to choose despair, solitude and self-fulfillment. But I am not alone.
Sometimes I am asked if I know 'the response to Auschwitz; I answer that not only do I not know it, but that I don't even know if a tragedy of this magnitude has a response.
Religion is not man's relationship to God, it is man's relationship to man.
It's clear to me that one can't be Jewish without Israel. Religious or non-religious, Zionist or non-Zionist, Ashkenazi or Sephardic - all these will not exist without Israel.
Now, when I hear that Christians are getting together in order to defend the people of Israel, of course it brings joy to my heart. And it simply says, look, people have learned from history.
Just as despair can come to one only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings.
It used to be said that when the Baal Shem Tov came into a town, his impact was so strong, he didn't have to speak. His disciples had to dance or to sing or to preach to have the same effect. I think a real messenger, myself or anyone, by the very fact that he is there as a person, as a symbol, could have the same impact.
In any society, fanatics who hate don't hate only me - they hate you, too. They hate everybody.
Our obligation is to give meaning to life and in doing so to overcome the passive, indifferent life.
There is a difference between a book of two hundred pages from the very beginning, and a book of two hundred pages which is the result of an original eight hundred pages. The six hundred are there. Only you don't see them.
Because I remember, I despair. Because I remember, I have the duty to reject despair.
We have to go into the despair and go beyond it, by working and doing for somebody else, by using it for something else.
For me, every hour is grace.
Man, as long as he lives, is immortal. One minute before his death he shall be immortal. But one minute later, God wins.
Moses was the greatest legislator and the commander in chief of perhaps the first liberation army.
Hope is like peace. It is not a gift from God. It is a gift only we can give one another.
What does mysticism really mean? It means the way to attain knowledge. It's close to philosophy, except in philosophy you go horizontally while in mysticism you go vertically.
In my tradition, one must wait until one has learned a lot of Bible and Talmud and the Prophets to handle mysticism. This isn't instant coffee. There is no instant mysticism.
I'm a teacher and a writer; my life is words. When I see the denigration of language, it hurts me, and it's easy to denigrate a word by trivializing it.
Language failed me very often, but then, the substitute for me was silence, but not violence.
I never felt any attraction towards violence. I never tried to express myself through violence. Violence is a language.
That is my major preoccupation, memory, the kingdom of memory. I want to protect and enrich that kingdom, glorify that kingdom and serve it.
No one may speak for the dead, no one may interpret their mutilated dreams and visions.
I wanted to write a commentary on the Bible, to write about the Talmud, about celebration, about the great eternal subjects: love and happiness.
I don't know much about politics, and I don't want to know. That's why I rarely involve myself in politics.
If I were in the government, I would persuade the prime minister to see the beauty in the fact that people see Israel as a haven - from their sadness to their hope.
Religion is a very personal thing for me. Religion has its good moments and its poor moments.
You would be amazed at the number of doors a Nobel Prize opens.
I would like to see real peace and a state of Israel living peacefully alongside a state of Palestine.
I do not recall a Jewish home without a book on the table.
I'll tell you what: I believe mysticism is a very serious endeavor. One must be equipped for it.
I have to be self-conscious of what I'm trying to do with my life.
The Bible is not only laws, it's also stories.
I love teaching.
I never teach the same course twice.
When my father was born, it was part of the Austro-Hungarian empire. When I was born, it was Lithuania. When I left, it was Hungary. It is difficult to say where I come from.
I don't like docudramas. Documentaries should not go together with fiction, or half-fiction or quarter-fiction. The two should not go together. They cannot mix.
I believe in superstitions. You don't talk about a child who hasn't been born.
The Bible is not only laws, it's also stories. It begins, 'In the beginning God created Heaven.' If I had written these words, I wouldn't have written anything else; it's just enough.
