American,Actress
I will never forget experiencing Venice for the first time. It feels like you are transported to another time - the art, music, food and pure romance in the air is like no other place.
I typically enjoy a beautiful beach destination, as I find the water and sand to be the most replenishing.
I'm no expert standing at a podium giving speeches. I share heartbeats. Compassion.
Girls' inner critics are starting to reveal themselves at a younger and younger age. And body image issues are an aspect of their lives which is causing them low self esteem and day-to-day suffering.
I will say a lot of dancers do such beautiful things for their body and then they smoke a cigarette. I've never been a smoker, but I realized after taking yoga . . . in ballet you're not encouraged to do a lot of breathing. I think in a weird way, a lot of dancers find relief in actually breathing.
I noticed that no matter where I went in the country, there was this group of questions that got asked. I would track them and keep them in categories. Like body image, school, family, friendship, you name it, the emotional life of a teenage girl.
My mission is to give girls the tools to be able to blossom into their best selves.
One thing I've learned: My intentions are clear in terms of quality.
I had to make some drastic choices to avoid losing myself.
Everyone just talks about the problems our teenage girls are facing and what they're dealing with. But there was, to me, a void in how they were being served or helped. I thought, 'Wow, I'd love to create something.'
I love to sing. Mostly about love and sex.
I had to work out where I was going, what type of films I wanted to make. For that reason, I decided to choose independent productions, less important roles, and I tried theater, too.
I get enough sleep. I take very good care of myself. Growing up as a dancer, you know your body so well, you know what to do to overcome something.
I was raised really, really healthy, pretty much vegetarian and a very clean lifestyle, I don't smoke, I don't drink. I'm more addicted to the things that make me feel good - endorphins after working out.
For me, as an actress, being a dancer has helped me. I've done it with my feet bloody.
I just love creating an environment where people can open up and say what's on their mind and in their heart.
You have to be a little crazy to be a dancer.
No one can hand you anything as a dancer. You have to earn it.
There's some great women doing TV. I would love to do a Grey's Anatomy-type show. I'm a big fan.
Having gone through so many of the personal things I've gone through, its about creating an (online) space for girls to be heard. I don't profess to have all the answers. But Ask Elizabeth is a space where girls are not alone.
Girls are so often pitted against each other as enemies or adversaries. We even see it in 'Us' magazine: Who wore it better?
We're not excusing the ones who are mean, but I want girls to understand the psychology. It's not in everyone. But the bully needs to put this pain somewhere.
'Showgirls' was a critical point in my life. I had my head handed to me. At 21 years old, I had to find my self-esteem again. It was a very hard time.
I tell girls, 'If you're tall and feel too tall, the answer is to be taller.'
I needed to find my own worth and shake the image after having done 'Showgirls' at age 21.
No movie influenced me more to go after my dreams than 'Flashdance.' After seeing it, I took 15 dance lessons a week. I cut all my sweatshirts. I did the 'Maniac' thing.
