American,Actress
We lack rituals in this modern world.
In today's world, we all live with the burden of feeling that anything is possible if we're only clever enough, smart enough, work hard enough.
I wasn't ecstatic about being pregnant - I wasn't somebody who actively wanted kids. Certainly there were no fantasies about nappy-changing.
I've been in things that have impressed people and they've come up to congratulate you but in a kind of, you-must-think-you're-really-special way.
It's very tough when two creative people are together.
North Hollywood isn't actually Hollywood, it's in the San Fernando Valley... it's not the most glamorous part of L.A.
The way it works in Hollywood is that if you're hot it doesn't matter if you're right for the part or not, you're just offered it.
Hollywood never suited me, I didn't ever feel comfortable with it, it took me a couple of years but I found where I was always meant to be... Chiswick!
I turned down the opportunity to be in some films that went on to be blockbusters.
My father was an academic, an eccentric. He was a lecturer.
I'm someone who's done the opposite of whatever the received wisdom is, to keep your career going into your 50s.
I had reconciled myself to being happily out to pasture, a bit.
I still feel I'm doing the same work I've always done.
So the English approach to show business and their work is more - and this is a big generalization, I hasten to say - but it's more, they work on it as a craft job.
England as a culture has endured so much more than America has as a culture, so it's given them a different perspective.
Most people grow up dreaming of going to Hollywood and some of them work and work and work and finally end up in Hollywood.
That feeling of being 19 or 20 and 'hot' in Hollywood was so intense.
I've got my private life - that's sacred - and I didn't have that before.
There is nothing in my life where I view myself as a 1920s person.
If I feel I can play a part I do everything in my power to try to play it.
It's peaceful for people to know how their lives are going to be, pretty much.
Now we have to contend with overstimulation and too many opportunities all the time, and too many decisions all the time.
Well, when I moved to England I was making a lot of personal adjustments because I was getting married and starting a family, that sort of thing.
I miss sometimes the buzz of America. A sense that anything can change at the drop of a hat. In a way, it's an exhausting thing to live with.
Honestly, I am always shocked when I see myself in the mirror because I feel exactly the same as I did when I was 18 getting off the plane to go to Juilliard in New York.
My job now is to work hard and learn all I can.
