American,Lawyer
Resilience is accepting your new reality, even if it's less good than the one you had before.
But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful.
A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live.
You recognize a survivor when you see one. You recognize a fighter when you see one.
You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.
Successful health reform must not just make health insurance affordable, affordable health insurance has to make health care affordable.
I'm a puzzle doer.
Everybody makes personal decisions that are right for them and if you're in political life, you're used to having those analyzed.
I am imperfect in a million ways, but I always thought I was the kind of woman, the kind of wife to whom a husband would be faithful.
I'm actually one of those people who get up energetic in the morning.
Brave people are the firemen who run into the burning building. That's brave.
I've often said that the most important thing you can give your children is wings. Because, you're not gonna always be able to bring food to the nest. You're... sometimes... they're gonna have to be able to fly by themselves.
You never know when something's going to hit you in a particular way and just knock you loose.
To be perfectly frank, there is an odd place after losing a child, where you think somehow your life is worth less.
I'm not praying for God to save me from cancer. I'm not. God will enlighten me when the time comes. And if I've done the right thing, I will be enlightened. And if I believe, I'll be saved. And that's all he promises me.
I grew up in a Navy family.
The days of our lives, for all of us, are numbered. We know that. And yes, there are certainly times when we aren't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like. It's called being human.
A lot of people have great hope, and a lot of people who have great hope live. And, some of them who have great hope die. So it's not that hope is going to save you.
I think that we're foolhardy to not be engaging in federal funding of stem-cell research in the most aggressive way we possibly can.
If people think that you're throwing babies out, dissecting children, to do stem-cell research, I'm not for that.
I can't turn on the television without seeing me, or open the newspaper without seeing me and, honestly, I'm sick to death of me.
It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home.
You have to have enough respect for other human beings to leave their lives alone. If you admire that life, build it for yourself. Don't just try to come in and take somebody else's life.
I think that it is our intention to deny cancer any control over us.
I took my son's name. I didn't take my husband's name.
I want to live.
I do think voters do take into consideration - particularly early state voters - take into consideration a wide range of factors, including electability, and they know that part of electability is the total package that you're presenting.
Every parent has gone through a period when their child wasn't so happy with them.
I want to reclaim who I am.
Almost everybody embraces life.
I have less energy than I did when I was a younger parent, although I was never really a young parent.
Sometimes you get politicians who dig their feet into the sand and aren't willing to listen to another voice.
You know, everybody knows some of what politicians say is malarkey, and having somebody there to call them on it is good. I'd be happy to do that any time and any place.
I was an English major in college, and then I went to graduate school in English at the University of North Carolina for three years.
I was a 16-year-old girl at one point, so of course I wrote poetry.
I'm a recovering lawyer. The practice of law has changed. Every agreement is a fight.
I think self-knowledge is the rarest trait in a human being.
I have a husband who adores me.
I could be wrong, but I think heterosexual marriage is threatened more by heterosexuals. I don't know why gay marriage challenges my marriage in any way.
What happened after Katrina is that people were stirred to action; there were an enormous number of contributions by people trying to make a difference. But then we forget. We've forgotten Katrina victims, we've forgotten the face of poverty.
My job as the mother of daughters is to make sure my children see that every opportunity is available to them.
What we hope to achieve is a society that doesn't value a white man because he's a white man, but also doesn't value a woman because she's a woman, or a black because he's a black.
Part of resilience is deciding to make yourself miserable over something that matters, or deciding to make yourself miserable over something that doesn't matter.
One of the things that I think you see sometimes in politics is a certain degree of caution. It's usually advised by consultants who don't want to see you march to the end of a limb.
In a sense, having cancer takes you by the shoulders and shakes you.
It's just a part of our nature to hope.
You wouldn't know I was sick unless you knew I was sick.
The worst thing to me would be that you put on the face you think people want to see, and then they don't like it and you think, Would they have liked the real me?
Honestly, I get energized by the crowds. They feed me emotionally.
By what you do, you teach your children how to respond to difficult information.
I have three living children for whom this is a father who I want them to love and on whom they're going to have to rely if my disease takes a bad turn.
I've spent a lot of words on my own mortality.
Life is this great big blackboard, and on it you write all the things that you do.
Growing up in an Italian family, you use a harsh tone and 10 minutes later everybody forgets about it.
My father had gone to Vietnam.
People find it a great blessing if their child left behind a child.
My heart goes out to the grieving parents who lost their two-year-old or their newborn.
I loved campaigning.
A lot of sad stories in a row - that wears on you.
I'm part of a community that holds each other up, and it's been great to be held up too.
My job is to stay alive until the medicine and research catch up.
I love my books.
Part of what I want to do is sort of reclaim my story - it belongs to me and to my children, who have to live with whoever their mother is.
I'm not a victim - I never want to be perceived that way.
I love children, love spending time with them; I love getting things for them.
Having bought furniture for my own house, and bought furniture for our house in Washington, a furniture store seemed like a good idea, and it also played into my personal history.
You know, there are no guarantees on prognosis.
