American,Politician
As we celebrate Labor Day, we honor the men and women who fought tirelessly for workers' rights, which are so critical to our strong and successful labor force.
Although we can never fully repay our veterans, on Veterans Day we thank our veterans for their selflessness and commit to do what we can to improve the quality of life for our veterans and military families in communities across America.
You have to believe in something strongly enough that you would lose your seat over it.
We shield our children from hazardous products - liquid nicotine should be no exception.
We still have work to do in our efforts to advance equal rights for all Americans.
We know that school readiness programs work, and the best ones work extraordinarily well. They are effective in reducing the achievement gap, which in Connecticut is among the highest in the country.
For me to do my job effectively, we need to continue to earn public confidence. That involves transparency and accountability.
We need to stop trying to restrict access to lifesaving cancer screenings, birth control, and well-woman exams.
Since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School three years ago, we have lost over 90,000 Americans to gun violence. This is a manmade crisis that needs to be treated as the public health epidemic it has become.
We need to develop clean, affordable, and reliable energy sources, and frankly, we need to license that technology to the rest of the world.
We should not be waiting until trains derail, bridges collapse and people die to adequately fund our transportation infrastructure.
Cities and towns throughout central and northwest Connecticut have strong industrial histories and are now in the process of transitioning into new sources of economic growth. I'm doing what I can to be a strong partner in these efforts.
We want to take the energy surrounding the Sandy Hook anniversary that might otherwise be consumed by grief or anger - or this week in San Bernardino by fear - and channel some of that to honor our common humanity and love each other.
Veterans Day is an acknowledgment that those willing to make the ultimate sacrifice for our country - and their families - deserve our admiration and respect today and every day.
The lower Farmington River and Salmon Brook are unparalleled natural treasures with some of the highest water quality in Connecticut.
If you don't like public service, don't run for office.
We may not have the cheapest labor costs, but where we can compete is innovation. Historically, that's been Connecticut's strength, and it can be again.
We have a wonderful district with lots of fun little stores and companies and farms.
Manufacturing is the backbone of Connecticut's economy, and suppliers such as Click Bond depend on partnerships with U.S.-based manufacturers that export many of their products with Ex-Im's backing.
We have the opportunity and the responsibility to lead our country to a better and brighter future, and I cannot wait to roll up my sleeves and get back to work.
Unfortunately, this will have a ripple effect in the economy. People carrying heavy student-loan debt won't buy houses, start families, or start businesses. This will hurt the future economy.
If elected members of any body - whether it's a state house or Congress - were not willing to take career-ending or at least election-losing votes, I would not have the right to vote today.
There are things that matter more than your election. That may take difficult votes, may take career-ending votes for people, but if we aren't willing to do that, then we're not going to move forward.
I liked New England.
I just thought Harvard sounded great. So let's see if I get in. I didn't really have a big back-up plan.
I'm out and around all the time.
The water crisis in Flint, Michigan, has shown us what can happen when we ignore the warning signs of lead poisoning and corroding pipes.
The Healthy Homes Tax Credit Act will help ensure that all families, regardless of their income, can protect their children from the lifelong health impacts of lead poisoning.
The STEM fields play an increasingly important role in the U.S. economy, but women are still underrepresented in most STEM sectors.
We need to close the tax loopholes that have awarded companies moving out of the country and overseas; we need a government that will keep our country safe from terrorists at home and abroad... and a government that is responsive to the needs of the people.
In my lifetime, I have seen how greater liberty, greater justice, and greater respect ultimately does prevail, but it prevails only when people are willing to fight for it and willing to lose for it.
It would be really easy to get discouraged over gun safety, and I have to explain all the time why I am not giving up and why people should not give up.
Civil rights and women's rights and gay rights all take time in this country.
I would like to live long enough to see the day when people talk about which guns are the safest.
In Connecticut, we have a vibrant history of advocating to ensure our workers are treated fairly and given the rights and protections they deserve. Still, we need to do more to protect all American workers.
I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance policies that level the playing field for American workers and incentivize investing in jobs here at home.
There's more GPS in the phone in your pocket than on most of our 21st century airliners - that's frightening.
We know that, relative to GPS, radar is not as accurate - we'd be seeing our planes' precise positions in 3-D, not just approximate locations every eight seconds.
We need a comprehensive strategy that includes expanding criminal background checks for all commercial gun sales, dedicated federal law to combat gun trafficking, and a strong commitment to mental health services.
Everyone is able to give to someone.
My brother had the courage to come out in 1978, when equality was still a distant dream.
We need to ensure that no one is denied employment, housing, opportunities, or benefits because of their sexual orientation.
The TECH Careers Act will open the door for more Americans to have successful middle-class careers and help small businesses in Connecticut and across the country access a qualified pool of talented workers.
We have a lot of work we need to do to make sure all of our children have a better understanding of this diverse and wonderful and beautiful world.
We have an epidemic of gun violence in America, and in trying to understand how that has happened, part of what we need to do is help equip our children to respond not with fear but with kindness. This has to be the way we go forward.
I do think the U.S. has a moral and political leadership role to play.
Elections are about choices, and part of what you do is draw that contrast.
I'm baffled that Mark Greenberg would send an offensive email politicizing the beheading of an American journalist.
I hear over and over again from local leaders and business owners that one of the best ways we can revitalize our cities and towns is to support brownfields cleanup efforts.
Brownfields cleanups have been treated like capital investments in the tax laws, and they really are repairs and should be taxed as such.
Government ought to make it easy for people to do the right thing.
We need to not reduce but increase our commitment to research.
We've become so accustomed to teaching to the tests that we've forgotten about a child's joy of discovery.
We have to look at loan forgiveness to incentivise young people to pursue degrees in areas where we know we need help.
This historically has been an issue that both parties have run away from. For the first time, Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party in its platform are making this issue, about needing to do better as a country to take common sense steps to help prevent gun violence.
I think we need to raise our voices, and we need to demonstrate to the people we represent, as well as the American people, that their leaders have a responsibility to take action.
While we may not know how to stop these horrific mass shootings, we do know this: Limiting high-capacity magazines will save lives, and we know this because it has saved lives.
Devices that allow people to shoot up to 100 rounds of ammunition at one time have no place in our schools, no place in our parks, no place on our streets, no place in our communities, and no place in this country.
We've been having a lot of hearings lately about the reliability of the grid and the need for more distributive generation. We can be a leader of that here in Connecticut.
It should scare every voter in the 5th District that a powerful D.C. lobbyist is trying to install a personal congressman in our part of Connecticut.
My job is to be a problem-solver.
I was a co-sponsor of Comprehensive Immigration Reform.
When I was elected to Congress, this was the No. 1 issue businesses brought up. They said that if we want this country to succeed, we need immigration reform.
From fully funding nutrition programs to protecting children from liquid nicotine poisoning, I have focused many of my efforts in Congress on advocating for polices that invest in our most valuable resource - our children.
I am proud to be named a Defender of Children by First Focus, and I will continue to call on Congress to enact comprehensive policies that improve the well-being of our children.
Today, I heard directly from Connecticut workers about the importance of strong, predictable federal research funding and how the federal government can be a better partner in spurring innovation and helping life-saving medication reach families who need it most.
We just have to do better as a country on incorporating the best technology to allow us to get where we want to get quickly and safely.
We need faith leaders like Eman Beshtawii.
