American,Actress
Happiness is not that easy to achieve, but having a handsome husband, a beautiful baby, and a great job helps.
Brains don't really smell, but what's amazing about the brain is that it's almost like scrambled eggs or soft tofu, almost like a gel. The brain controls so much of what we do, but you could put your finger right through it.
My daily schedule is quite hectic, but I have to put my health first in order to be the best mom and wife I can be.
If I'm bringing joy to people and entertaining people as an actor, then I should be grateful for that and act accordingly, you know?
Acting can be an amazingly cathartic thing - especially for young girls.
This is Hollywood. People don't admit mistakes.
You can't really judge characters, because that's when it gets really hard to play them.
I don't like everybody who I see on TV.
There's a remarkable amount of sexism on TV. When male characters are flawed, they're interesting, deep and complex. But when female characters are flawed, they're just a mess. It's good to put more flawed but interesting female characters out there because it promotes equality.
The older you get the more realistic it is that you're significant other is your significant other. I mean, you'll always have your girlfriends or your guy friends, but the person you're married to is usually your No. 1.
Medicine is so fascinating.
I just don't want to be self-obsessed.
Want is misery.
I think for any actor to say they don't like attention is ridiculous. Of course we love attention. But getting attention is different than pretending the attention means something.
I didn't have a boyfriend until I was 16, and he was eight years older. My father was furious about this 24-year-old, and I had to hide the relationship.
My mother came from an Irish family of 11 kids and, of course, had a sister who was a nun, so I spent time at a convent and with an aunt and uncle who lived in New York and took me to the theater.
I read a lot of nonfiction - especially books about the brain.
Learning about the way people process information and their emotions is hugely helpful to my work.
Really, I don't care if people think I'm too skinny. This is my body. If they don't like it, screw it.
I went up a pants size during my pregnancy.
I don't find acting to be a particularly noble way to make a living. I'm not saving anybody's life, I'm not a teacher, I'm not working for UNICEF. I don't think I'm some big deal.
Where I come from, you don't just say, 'Oh, I'm going to become an actor.' Talk like that and they think you're crazy.
I just worry about the girls who look up to me. I don't want them to think I starve myself or don't eat, and that to be like me that's what they have to do.
We're teaching young girls that this is what they should be focusing on: rich and famous girls who are rich and famous for nothing.
I don't believe in putting on airs. I call it like I see it.
I am who I am, a Southie.
