American,Poet
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Saying nothing... sometimes says the most.
I dwell in possibility.
Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality.
Dogs are better than human beings because they know but do not tell.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul - and sings the tunes without the words - and never stops at all.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
My friends are my estate.
Beauty is not caused. It is.
Luck is not chance, it's toil; fortune's expensive smile is earned.
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
Not knowing when the dawn will come I open every door.
Forever is composed of nows.
Behavior is what a man does, not what he thinks, feels, or believes.
The brain is wider than the sky.
To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee, One clover, and a bee, And revery. The revery alone will do, If bees are few.
I hope you love birds too. It is economical. It saves going to heaven.
If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.
Whenever a thing is done for the first time, it releases a little demon.
Fortune befriends the bold.
After great pain, a formal feeling comes. The Nerves sit ceremonious, like tombs.
Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought.
Truth is so rare that it is delightful to tell it.
Tell the truth, but tell it slant.
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality.
Celebrity is the chastisement of merit and the punishment of talent.
I argue thee that love is life. And life hath immortality.
There is no Frigate like a book to take us lands away nor any coursers like a page of prancing Poetry.
I do not like the man who squanders life for fame; give me the man who living makes a name.
Parting is all we know of heaven, and all we need of hell.
If fame belonged to me, I could not escape her; if she did not, the longest day would pass me on the chase, and the approbation of my dog would forsake me then. My barefoot rank is better.
Nature is our eldest mother; she will do no harm.
They say that God is everywhere, and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse.
