American,Actress
I'm definitely a people person. I love socializing and being around people and having a good conversation.
It makes a big difference to recycle. It makes a big difference to use recycled products. It makes a big difference to reuse things, to not use the paper cup - and each time you do, that's a victory.
I've been a vegan for about 15 years.
I really like being pregnant. Not that there aren't things I don't love, but when I think about what my body is doing - creating a child - it just blows my mind. I'm in awe of the process and science.
I have a treadmill, and I work out with my trainer, Julie Diamond, as often as possible. She's so positive.
For me, it always has to be about health. That's why I'm a vegan. Well, I don't even do that for my health entirely, I do it for animals.
I was a hostess in a restaurant in New York when I was 21, and I was too good of an employee. I was putting most of my energy into that instead of acting. But my father told my sister and me to look at whatever needed to be done and do that job well, no matter what it was.
The United Nations did a study just over two years ago, and that blew my mind. I started thinking that if people are vegetarian for one day a week, that makes a huge difference!
I've been vegan for 15 years, and it turns out it makes a very big impact on the environment to eat fewer animal products, which cause more greenhouse gases than all of transportation combined.
I think it's important to remember that to exercise you don't have to run a sprint.
Everything I know about makeup, I've learned from my sister.
I'm a vegan, but you can be really unhealthy as a vegan, too.
My whole family is very sarcastic and constantly making jokes.
The real challenge for a vegan is getting vitamin B and omega-3s, but you can get those in a vegetarian supplement.
My mom breastfed me for more than a year, and I can't imagine doing it any other way. It's cheap and much better for the environment, and you don't have to lug all that stuff around.
