American,Musician
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends.
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
Somewhere deep down there's a decent man in me, he just can't be found.
Everybody has goals, aspirations or whatever, and everybody has been at a point in their life where nobody believed in them.
I am whatever you say I am; if I wasn't, then why would you say I am.
I was a smart kid, but I hated school.
I'm stupid, I'm ugly, I'm dumb, I smell. Did I mention I'm stupid?
Sometimes I feel like rap music is almost the key to stopping racism.
Dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned. They're only powerful when you got your back turned.
These times are so hard, and they're getting even harder.
I need to keep working on myself for a while.
I've been running a lot, taking care of myself.
I am who I am and I say what I think. I'm not putting a face on for the record.
I always wished for this, but it's almost turning into more of a nightmare than a dream.
If people take anything from my music, it should be motivation to know that anything is possible as long as you keep working at it and don't back down.
You know, fame is a funny thing, man, especially, you know, actors, musicians, rappers, rock singers, it's kind of a lifestyle and it's easy to get caught up in it - you go to bars, you go to clubs, everyone's doing a certain thing... It's tough.
A lot of truth is said in jest.
To the people I forgot, you weren't on my mind for some reason and you probably don't deserve any thanks anyway.
It sometimes feels like a strange movie, you know, it's all so weird that sometimes I wonder if it is really happening.
I might talk about killing people, but that doesn't mean I do it.
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape; that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.
Anything I've ever said, I certainly was feeling at the time.
My father? I never knew him. Never even seen a picture of him.
My overall look on things is a lot more mature than it used to be.
I don't hate women - they just sometimes make me mad.
I try to treat all the money I'm making like it's the last time I'm going to make it.
You're not going to say anything about me that I'm not going to say about myself. There's so many things that I think about myself; if someone really wanted to get at me, they could say this and this and this. So I'm going to say it before they can. It's the best policy for me.
Well, I'm working all the time to stay out of trouble!
Ultimately, who you choose to be in a relationship with and what you do in your bedroom is your business.
I didn't have nothin' going for me... school, home... until I found something I loved, which was music, and that changed everything.
I don't think I've ever read poetry, ever.
Certainly I'm not going to sit on the Internet all day and read what Sam from Iowa is saying about me. But I'm a sponge. I've always been a sponge.
The details surrounding both my marriage and subsequent filing for divorce are private, and I had hoped to keep them that way for the sake of my family.
A lot of my rhymes are just to get chuckles out of people. Anybody with half a brain is going to be able to tell when I'm joking and when I'm serious.
Hip-hop saved my life, man. It's the only thing I've ever been even decent at. I don't know how to do anything else.
It's kind of like a challenge to myself to be able to hear somebody else's hook and kind of interpret the words. Because my own hooks, I already know what I mean when I write them.
People can try to reinvent themselves. I don't think you can really change who you are, though, because who you are is pretty much where you came from and what you've done up to now.
Sporadic thoughts will pop into my head and I'll have to go write something down, and the next thing you know I've written a whole song in an hour.
It creeps me out sometimes to think of the person I was. I was a terrible person. I was mean to people.
I feel like a spoilt rapper. I get to pick and choose everything.
I'd go to, like, six different schools in one year. We were on welfare, and my mom never ever worked.
When you're a little kid, you don't see color, and the fact that my friends were black never crossed my mind. It never became an issue until I was a teenager and started trying to rap.
My family has never been there for me. They expect things because we're blood.
When 'Paul's Boutique' came out, I was one of the fans that didn't get it.
Being a student of hip-hop in general, you take technical aspects from places. You may take a rhyme pattern or flow from Big Daddy Kane or Kool G Rap.
I felt like I had a really bad case of writer's block... Music is so therapeutic for me that if I can't get it out, I start feeling bad about myself - a lot of self-loathing.
The emotions in a song - the anger, aggression - have got to be legitimate.
The album requires a certain focus of mine that I can't really explain - let's just say it's all I can really do while I'm doing it.
Why is it so hard for people to believe that white people are poor?! I wouldn't say I lived in a ghetto; I'd say I lived in the 'hood. The same friends I had back then are the same people on tour with me now.
It's just hard to meet new people, in my position.
I don't know if I ever feel totally great about a record when I put it out. With every record that I put out, someone has literally got to come pry it from me because when I listen to my own music, I just hear flaws in it.
Fame hit me like a ton of bricks.
When Bugs Bunny walks into rehab, people are going to turn and look. People at rehab were stealing my hats and pens and notebooks and asking for autographs. I couldn't concentrate on my problem.
I realized, 'Yo, I can't do anything in moderation. I don't know how.'
If you're the parent, be a parent. You know what I mean? I'm a parent. I have daughters.
You know, not to sound corny or nuthin', but I felt like a fighter comin' up, man. I felt like, you know, I'm being attacked for this reason or that reason, and I gotta fight my way through this.
Five or six songs leaked from the original version of 'Encore.' So I had to go in and make new songs to replace them.
Yeah, I did see where the people dissing me were coming from. But, it's like, anything that happened in the past between black and white, I can't really speak on it, because I wasn't there. I don't feel like me being born the color I am makes me any less of a person.
There was certainly, like, a rebellious, like, youthful rage in me. And there was also the fact of no getting away from fact that I am white, and you know, this is predominantly black music, you know.
Honestly, I never really put the mic down.
Hip hop has always been braggin' and boasting and 'I'm better at you than this' and 'I'm better at you than that.'
The kids are old enough now - I just want to let them be kids. I don't want to comment on them too much. They're at an age where I just want to let them be kids.
I didn't just invent saying offensive things.
I stopped watching TV because of 'The Wire.' Like, 'The Wire' ruined everything for me because I don't even want to watch anything else now.
I want to keep making records as long as I can, but I don't know how long you can be taken seriously in rap.
I've accomplished enough with the music that I haven't had to go out there and do other things to over-saturate.
Nothing on 'Relapse' and very little on 'Recovery' was produced by me.
I want to solidify as an artist and show that as I grow as a person and make mistakes and learn from them, I'm going to grow artistically.
Music is so therapeutic for me that if I can't get it out, I start feeling bad about myself - a lot of self-loathing.
The writing process, the way I go about it is I do whatever the beat feels like, whatever the beat is telling me to do. Usually when the beat comes on, I think of a hook or the subject I want to rap about almost instantly. Within four, eight bars of it playing I'm just like, 'Oh, OK. This is what I wanna do'.
I always felt that if I was going to do a movie, I wanted it to be authentic.
As for my stuff, I'm just doing guest verses for other people's records. I try to stay recording, because if I don't, I get rusty.
I don't even know how to speak up for myself, because I don't really have a father who would give me the confidence or advice. And if you're always the new kid, you never get a chance to adapt, so your confidence is just zilch.
It'd be stupid for me to sit here and say that there aren't kids who look up to me, but my responsibility is not to them. I'm not a baby sitter.
Now that I understand that I'm an addict, I definitely have compassion for my mother. I get it.
I'm not really book-smart.
Touring is hard on the body.
A lot of the problems I had with fame I was bringing on myself. A lot of self-loathing, a lot of woe-is-me. Now I'm learning to see the positive side of things, instead of, like, 'I can't go to Kmart. I can't take my kids to the haunted house.'
I have a slight bit of OCD, I think. I'm not walking around flipping light switches. But when I say I'm going to do something, I have to do it.
Throughout my career, I fed off the fuel of people not being able to understand me.
