American,Actress
I'm surrounded by great friends and family. I don't know what I would do without them.
I grew up with just my mom. She and I were like best friends. She's a very independent woman and I admire that about her. In my life, I've tried to be like that. To be okay with being on my own and being independent.
If I'm having a really bad day, I always have a girlfriend - or even a guy friend - who I can call. They'll listen to me wallow for a minute and then be like, 'Okay, let's stop. Everything's great. Let's figure out how to fix whatever's bothering you.'
I think it's important to have as many experiences as possible in life because one day you won't be able to do it anymore.
Well, there's nothing more touching than putting a smile on a kid's face when you can.
I'm obsessed with sushi.
If there wasn't mystery, people wouldn't have anything to ponder. If you already knew everything, you wouldn't have anything to think about and life would just be really boring.
I think as you get older, you tend to think of teenagers as really young.
I only like food without color, like potatoes, bread, and pasta.
You don't realize how hard it is to live on your own. But there's no mom to do your laundry, and make you dinner and to do things for you, and you don't think about little things like buying paper towels and salt.
I love dressing up. It's the best part of being a girl, I think.
I'd love to maybe try writing. I don't know if I'd publish anything, but as a hobby, it's really nice. I bought a typewriter, and I really like to write on the typewriter sometimes. It's a fun little hobby.
I love to just work with new people in general. It's always really fun.
I'm very outgoing and social.
It's always great when a director is just supportive of what you're doing. They're not so much critiquing you but giving you more ideas, giving you tons of things to work with, making you question your character and making you think about it... and making it seem like everything is limitless. That usually helps a lot.
I love summer, but my legs are so pale I can never wear shorts or a bikini.
I'm really inspired by British style, like Kate Moss and Sienna Miller.
I just never have really been the kind of person that's out in public being inappropriate, I guess. I like to have fun as much as the next person but I tend to do it in private and just hang out with close friends. If I'm going to go out, I'll just do it with my really good friends.
I read a book a week. I try to keep my mind working.
When I was homeschooled, I fell so behind - months behind at school - because I'm not good at keeping up. And so I had to sit down for literally three weeks to a month and just do all of it. And it was not fun, and I didn't want to do it, but I had to.
Jennifer Aniston is a genius.
I'm obsessed with Nicholas Sparks. I've literally read every single book, because every time I travel, at the airport, I always buy a new Nicholas Sparks book.
I'm a really picky eater.
I don't like vegetables and most fruit.
For me, when I read a book, I'm very much about detail.
I loved being on set when I was younger.
I think I'm relatable.
I am definitely not like the hottest young actress, the most beautiful or whatever. I have my own thing going.
I would like to be recognized for my style, because I love clothes.
I'm my own person, and am trying to carve out a career on my own.
I want to constantly be surprising people with different roles.
There's not a lot of original ways to get attention in the press.
Being in the business and growing up in L.A., I think I turned out pretty OK.
When I'm not working, I don't do lots of glamorous things.
My favorite book is 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' by Stephen Chbosky.
I have really crooked teeth - they give me character!
We Robertses have too many teeth for our mouths.
I would love to study photography.
I'm 5 foot 2. I wish I were 5' 6. Everyone who meets me says, 'Oh my God. You look so much taller in person.'
London is my favorite place in the world. I love London. I think it has the best of L.A. and New York in one, and I have a really great friend there.
I'm a huge Wes Anderson fan; I would faint if I met him, let alone got to work with him.
Stuffing is my favorite food in the world! I actually have been known to go buy stuffing and make it in the middle of summer.
I'd love to work with Rachel McAdams, because she's a great actress.
I would die if Woody Allen ever called and said, 'Emma, I have a role for you.'
