American,Politician
Every day, in every city and town across the country, police officers are performing vital services that help make their communities safer.
The bottom line is clear: Climate change is a reality, and it is having a real impact.
Abandoned homes become magnets for vandalism and crime. They drag down the property values of neighboring homes.
Equal justice means that there is not one set of rules for the powerful and another for everyone else.
Prosecutors are all used to people who commit fraud making wild accusations when they're caught.
We've sued out-of-state power plants that are polluting our air and led a coalition of attorneys general from Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, and Massachusetts against efforts in the U.S. House of Representatives to remove critical environmental regulations that protect New York communities from toxic pollution.
We're going after the possibilities of tax fraud, insurance fraud, securities fraud. We're going to look at this stuff very closely. We have the jurisdiction, we have the resources, and we have the will.
Organizing gives workers the power to lift themselves out of poverty and build a better future.
As New York's chief law enforcement officer, I have taken a hard line against those in state government who abuse the law they have sworn to uphold.
That is the definition of equal justice under law: everyone gets a fair shot, everyone pays their fair share, and everyone plays by the same set of rules.
As Attorney General, my most important responsibility is keeping New Yorkers safe by enforcing the laws that protect our people from harm. But another fundamental part of my job is to seek to advance the basic American principle of equal justice under law.
My actual statement during the campaign was I want to be the sheriff of Wall Street, Albany and Main Street. I'm going to go after crime and corruption, wherever it is.
The workers who harvest our food have been systematically denied the basic rights that are granted to all other American workers. They can be fired for trying to form a union or for attempting to improve their working conditions. They are not eligible for overtime pay, disability, or even unemployment insurance.
If you have faith in the public sector, as I do, you must be the harshest critic of corruption, waste and fraud in government.
People plead guilty or admit to crimes they didn't commit for various reasons. Certain interrogation procedures produce high rates of false confessions.
Just as we demand that people take responsibility for their actions, we as a society must take responsibility for fighting injustice.
Every New Yorker has the right to clean air, safe drinking water, and healthy communities to raise their children - and you can rest assured that I will aggressively protect that right, not just on Earth Day, but every day.
Once they are charged, too many poor New Yorkers find themselves trapped by our unjust bail system. Unable to pay for bail, they languish in Rikers Island or other jails while they await trial, regardless of guilt.
We're very interested in seeing what science Exxon has been using for its own purposes because they're tremendously active in offshore oil drilling in the Arctic, for example, where global warming is happening at a much more rapid rate than in more temperate zones.
We must never stop fighting for a vision of American democracy in which we strive for and encourage the highest levels of voter turnout and participation.
The memory of the 146 people who lost their lives in the Triangle Shirtwaist fire stands as a reminder that legal protections and workplace safety standards were won through a long struggle for social justice and at great human cost.
When I was in the Senate, I worked to pass Women's Health and Wellness Act, which bars insurance companies from discriminating against the health care needs of women.
High-frequency traders are firms all around the world. They're massive investments. And there is an incredible race for speed now. People are paying hundreds of millions of dollars to shave milliseconds off.
I'm going to go after crime and corruption wherever it is. But I did focus particularly on the need to restore public confidence in essential institutions of both the public and private sector.
I don't like conflicts of interest; they should be eliminated or disclosed. I believe in transparency: that people have to really not just know but understand what they're buying and selling.
Ninety-five percent of the work in the attorney general's office is civil litigation and regulatory work, and I think I certainly have a lot more experience in that than most of the folks who have served in the office.
Daily fantasy sports is much closer to online poker than it is to traditional fantasy sports.
Unlike most traditional, season-long fantasy sports sites, which make most of their money from administrative fees and advertising, FanDuel and DraftKings take a cut of every bet. That is what bookies do, and it is illegal in New York.
Games of chance often involve some amount of skill; this does not make them legal. Good poker players often beat novices. But poker is still gambling, and running a poker room - or online casino - is illegal in New York.
There are few people who exemplify the ideals of opportunity, entrepreneurship and commitment to the collective good than the great New Yorker and the face of the $10 bill, Alexander Hamilton.
A staunch abolitionist, Hamilton was one of the founding members of the New York Manumission Society. He was a trustee and namesake of Hamilton-Oneida Academy, an upstate New York school dedicated to educating Native-American boys.
If the Treasury Department should not remove Hamilton from the $10 bill, what should they do? The answer is fairly simple: Replace Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill.
Morally bankrupt wage practices and laws cannot hold.
We must use every tool at our disposal to lift the living standards of low-wage employees.
The secret's out: New York's Labor Law provides the power to help low-wage workers earn enough to meet their basic needs.
Lawmakers zealously guard their prerogatives, and as much as some might oppose a minimum-wage increase, they will not want to see the issue taken out of their hands.
When someone makes a claim against the state, that person must legally verify that the facts in the claim are true.
A statute that lets some wrongfully convicted individuals seek restitution but denies that right to others is an unjust and unequal application of the law.
I am not in the entertainment business; I am in the justice business.
Trump University had neither a license nor a charter from New York State certifying it as an institution of higher education.
As the state's chief law enforcement officer, it's my job to see that perpetrators of fraud are brought to justice.
These facts are clear: Trump University was an unlicensed enterprise promising students that they would become wealthy by learning Trump's real estate tips and strategies, taught by his handpicked instructors.
A factory-installed security measure - one that phone owners would have to opt out of, rather than opting in - could automatically render purloined devices inoperable on any network, anywhere in the world. No resale value, no thefts.
Manufacturers must accept responsibility for their customers' safety.
In the 1960s, the public demanded seat belts in cars, but automakers balked. Not until government intervened did seat belts become standard equipment. Now, no one would consider buying a vehicle without this basic safety feature.
Thieves sell to unscrupulous merchants who pay hundreds of dollars for phones - no questions asked - and then 'jailbreak' them. They unlock the units, erase their data, reprogram them, and put them up for resale.
After the 1970s, when President Nixon's illegal campaign cash was used as a secret slush fund to pay for the Watergate burglary and cover-up, Americans have demanded to know where the money fueling our elections is coming from.
As the state's top lawyer, I am empowered to protect nonprofit donors from fraudulent solicitations and charitable assets from misuse.
When a donor is asked to contribute to a group whose innocuous-sounding name makes it appear to be doing work in the public interest, that donor should have a clear picture of where his or her money is going.
More money is being spent on our elections, with less disclosure of where that money is coming from, than ever before.
Right here in New York, people are struggling in working conditions not much safer or fairer than the sweatshops of 1911.
By cracking down on wage theft, we can make sure workers and taxpayers are not getting ripped off by crooked employers.
Transactional politics requires us to be pragmatic about current realities and the state of public opinion. It's all about getting the best result possible given the circumstances here and now.
Transformational politics requires us to challenge the way people think about issues, opening their minds to better possibilities.
In 1980, a young Senator Al Gore held the first Congressional hearings on global warming.
Very few checklist liberals will focus on transformational work if they are rewarded or punished only for their transactional work.
In a system that disproportionately harms poor people and people of color, too many Americans have lost faith in the essential American principle of equal justice under law.
I have the highest possible regard for the district attorneys in the State of New York.
When the trust between the police and the communities they serve breaks down, everyone is at risk.
New Yorkers must be able to trust the men and women of the NYPD. They must come forward to report crimes. And they must come forward as witnesses.
Here in New York, we are already seeing how climate change contributes to increasingly violent and extreme weather that has cost us dearly, in both damage and in lives.
No woman should have her personal health care decisions dictated by the religious beliefs of her boss.
My commitment to gender equality is rooted in the quintessentially American principle of equal justice under law.
I believe that in New York, we must have one set of rules for everyone - and that means women cannot be unfairly denied health coverage.
I look forward to continuing to serve the people of New York and making our state a safer place to live, work and raise families for many years to come.
Anyone who believes in the essential role government can play in improving people's lives must also be the toughest critics of those who abuse the public trust.
Throughout my career, I have made rooting out public corruption a top priority.
I am running for Attorney General because I believe there is no higher calling than the pursuit of justice.
New Yorkers have been fortunate to have Andrew Cuomo as our Attorney General - protecting working New Yorkers against the banks, insurance companies and big corporations.
For more than a century, states have sought to protect the integrity of the democratic process at the state and local level by regulating corporate spending in elections.
In 'Citizens United v. FEC', the Supreme Court ruled that sections of the federal campaign finance law known as McCain-Feingold imposed unconstitutional restrictions on the First Amendment rights of corporations.
Exxon Mobil and JPMorgan Chase each made more in profits in the first quarter of 2012 alone than the entire state budget of Montana. Without a doubt, multinational corporations like these have the resources to overwhelm the voices of the people.
Our elected representatives wisely enacted laws to protect our state and local governments from undue outside influence.
My office is committed to tearing down unlawful barriers to voting to ensure that all eligible voters are able to freely cast a ballot.
Language has historically stood as a barrier for some voters seeking to participate in the electoral process.
The right to vote is one of our nation's most important civil rights.
Exercising the right to vote is essential to our democracy.
From the Bronx to Buffalo, cities and towns in New York have been plagued by what are commonly called zombie properties. These are homes that residents abandon - often after they have received a foreclosure notice - which then languish, uncared-for, until the foreclosure process is complete.
Abandoned homes are everyone's problem, afflicting communities all over the state.
