American,Actress
The first interview I went on I got at age 5. It was a commercial for First Federal Bank.
I am still being recognized as Joanie and probably will as long as Happy Days is playing on TV and remembered by Happy Days fans. It has and will always be a pleasure and a honor for me to be a part of it.
You grow up and get married, and move away, but you're still a family. That's the way it will be with all of us on 'Happy Days.'
Well, it is certainly not by choice at this time you don't see or hear about me. This business is very unpredictable. A lot of it is luck and being in the right place at the right time.
I am happily married to a wonderful man. He is not in the business.
There was mental and physical abuse in my family.
I think it was a good thing that Joanie and Chachi married.
I have thought about Happy Days made into a movie. As far as the original cast not being a part of it, wow, I don't know who could be who! I just don't see it going in that direction. I can see the original cast doing the movie very easily though.
I liked wearing the '50s wardrobe. It was hard in the beginning. The first shows I wore regular young girl dresses. Then a little later I got to wear the poodle skirts and such.
I don't have any favorite episodes from 'Joanie Loves Chachi.' I liked working with the people. But I didn't even want to do it. I was talked into it.
I've been working since I was five!
I can't get it out of my head that I would like to play some kind of psychotic.
For almost five years on 'Happy Days,' I have had a mom and pop and a brother who give me advice and help me just as my own parents and brothers and sisters do at home.
Show business is all I know, but I love it.
It is so discouraging to have your weight yo-yo.
Having two families is just natural to me. I guess when you're growing up, whatever is happening around you is the natural thing.
That's one thing about this business. You'd better give it your best, because you're stuck with that performance on film for the rest of your life.
Acting has been my life since I was five, and everything has just fallen into place. I've never had to push and shove.
I've learned as well watching myself grow on TV.
I've always been scared to do a play. I don't know why, because doing 'Happy Days' was like a play with three cameras.
