American,Actor
I love bringing roses to a woman when she least expects it.
Being an American is a state of mind, and to be in a family is to feel the power of belonging, the power of your roots. Family is a tree, the strength of a tree, the roots, the leaves, the past and the present, the future, the fruits, the seeds.
When you have a little 10-month-old who is climbing up your leg because you are their mountain - there's no nobler reason to get out of bed every day. There's no better reason to live, to make sure you provide as much guidance and as much room for that child to thrive.
I think that racism has gotten more subtle, and it's not even racism anymore: it's placism. Like where you live or whether you went to community college or Harvard, and it exists within the race.
I am tired of our characters being so incomplete. When do we ever save the day in a film? When does a Latino actor get to be the hero?
We as Americans of Latin descent are just as American as anyone else of any other descent.
Anytime you do something Latino, yeah, I love the color, the spice.
My character Esteban is a guy who really didn't think he was gonna be there at this point in his life. He's in his early 30s. He's got a son. He's raising his son as a single father.
I'm really, really dumb about describing wine, but I like wine that's full-bodied and dry.
I like the Beatles. They're at the core of my musicality. And John Lennon's my spiritual father.
I just arrive, they hand me a script and say, do it.
In order to be a lieutenant, you've got to have authority in your voice. No matter how young your face looks, you've got to let your guys know that you're in charge.
I'm a very romantic person.
I love being irreverent. But I hate being irrelevant. I love being irreverent because at the end of the day your actions belie your intentions.
I love shocking people.
I went jogging up on Mulholland. In the middle of my run I had some form of asthma attack and couldn't even walk. I couldn't get a ride one block to my house. I thought I was going to die.
I always pull over for people who need a push.
If you don't look like the ruling class, bring your inhaler.
I don't get paid like a person that everyone knows, but I get paid so much more in so many ways.
You know, I'm not making top dollar, but when you're making top dollar, there are a lot of people waiting for you to fall.
Being an actor you have a lot of expenses.
Well, actually yes, in 1988. There was a warrant for me because my assistant hadn't paid a ticket of mine.
I believe if people understood each other more, if people took the time and realize it's not 'all about me' and I'm on a big planet with a lot of other people and concerns, maybe we can learn how to get along with each other.
I remember doing 'La Bamba' and thinking, 'Do you really think that Latinos will be accepted in mainstream?' and I said, 'Someday I hope so, but there is no guarantee.'
Shows like 'Seinfeld' and 'Friends,' they have, like, one or two damn characters throughout the whole series that are minorities.
We hear a lot in this country about family, and 'American Family' just shows us a portrait we haven't seen as much of yet. 'American Family' lets us know that being American isn't about the color of your hair or eyes or skin: it's really a state of mind.
