American,Actress
I believe in things that move people, if the audience isn't deeply caught up and moved to either laughter or tears then I don't think it is theater.
I know people like spectacle, but I'm interested in moving people.
For anyone with half a brain they can see that this play is about the human condition.
But today I felt different, today I forgot how long it takes to get into the skin of a character and I remembered it, because today I actually got into that skin and it felt so different.
You can't just trust to luck; you have to really listen to what that character is telling you.
In theater, the wellspring of the character comes from the doing of it, like a trial by fire, but in front of an audience.
At this point the theater America is in such a precarious place.
We all need to go to good theater; that is what I believe will save it.
All of the generations go to what is chic for them, and theater seems to be an older generation's art form.
Don't forget the prices are so high in theater; it isn't really where a young person can go on a date and buy two tickets and take someone out anymore.
Getting work in theater has always been sort of cyclical.
Acting is very start and stop.
I talked with Brian Stokes Mitchell, who agreed with me that if you have a gift there is always stuff to do.
I mean, there are times when you aren't working, but still believe that work will come.
People who call themselves actors and can't ever get work; they do need to get another profession.
I find that there are few reviews that extol women as wonderful artists.
I have never been interested in specific roles.
I like time off because I also have a life outside of theater.
There is some sadness for me now about acting because it used to be that there was a reverence for actors.
The staff, stage managers, ushers all behaved as if they respected the actors.
It is so important to get respect for what you do and at the same time give it.
When I see what I want, I do it.
I think in small towns like this one, whether you're a man or a woman, you basically do what there is to do.
