American,Musician
Everything's coming up roses - for me.
When you are in deep conflict about something, sometimes the most trivial thing can tip the scales.
My career at Warner Brothers consisted of one musical short subject. I was running around in a bear skin. Very chic.
My beloved Mom and Pop always rated tops with each other, and that's the way it will always be.
Legend has it that when God created me, he gave me a big distinctive voice, a lot of boldness and no heart.
I'll pat myself on the back and admit I have talent. Beyond that, I just happened to be in the right place at the right time.
I work as often as I want and yet I'm free as a bird.
Christmas carols always brought tears to my eyes. I also cry at weddings. I should have cried at a couple of my own.
As far as dramas are concerned, it's considered passe for playwrights to turn out anything the average person can understand.
I can hold a note as long as the Chase National Bank.
You gotta have a gimmick.
Always give them the old fire, even when you feel like a squashed cake of ice.
Broadway has been very good to me. But then, I've been very good to broadway.
Who's happy these days?
When I'm asked how to succeed in show business, I always say I haven't the foggiest.
There's such a thing as theater discipline. One player doesn't appropriate another's inventions.
There have been people who have tried to take advantage of me. They want to be linked to me just because I'm Ethel Merman.
The slapdash way producers used to assemble a show seems a little unbelievable when we talk about them now.
Once I had all the attention, all I had to do was deliver.
Of my four marriages, the one to Bob Levitt is the only one I don't regret.
My father taught me to read music and play the piano-but not well, even though people have said that I'm a natural musician.
Music, in the past few years... anything singable or understandable is square.
Mom claimed that I could carry a tune at 2 or 3 years of age. Maybe she was a little prejudiced.
Mom and Pop were proud of my popularity, but from their point of view, show business was no way to make a living.
In my case, things have pretty much been handed to me.
If I feel in need of sleep, I just open a book or turn on the television. Both are better than any sleeping pill.
