American,Businessman
Technology businesses in general are susceptible to hacking. That's why you have to work really, really, really hard with law enforcement, with security experts, internal and external groups, to make sure you're paying attention and addressing security concerns.
It's important to be thoughtful and mindful about the things you say to other people.
It's not about working harder; it's about working the system.
More people are watching college football on Snapchat than they are on television.
When we're in that kind of childish space, we're more genuine and feel more comfortable with our friends.
Online one day, you log in, and you realise, 'This is not me.' Everything you're posting, you're doing it in the context of everything you've posted before. Let's delete everything, save the stuff that's important, and then you only have to organise the one per cent that's worth keeping.
It would be better for everyone if we deleted everything by default and saved the things that are important to us.
Snapchat changed that perception of deleting something as bad. Online, typically you delete something if it's bad or if it's really embarrassing.
Having been bullied growing up, it's something that's really near and dear to my heart. You probably won't have many friends on Snapchat if you're being a jerk.
People started conceiving of their friends as networking tools, like, 'Friend me so you can be friends with someone else,' or, 'The more people you know, the more networked you are.' But we see real value in having a fun conversation with your friends.
I'm not a great manager; I try to be a great leader. And for me, that's been going through a process of not how to be a great CEO but how to be a great Evan, and that's really been the challenge.
There is real value in sharing moments that don't live forever.
If I had a ringtone, it would probably be Neil Diamond.
I text nonstop, and I love emoji. I'm also on the phone quite a bit for work - probably more than 10 calls per day.
Traditional social media, in the view of our company, has become a bit repetitive. It doesn't feel very good to be marketed to by your friends. Snapchat is different because it says, look, friends aren't valuable to you just because they can get you into a cool party.
I keep hearing about battery innovation, but it never makes it to my phone.
Cars bring me sheer joy.
It's no surprise companies that quickly grow in value attract those who may want to also profit from the hard work of others.
Generally speaking, the people who come to work at Snapchat believe in personal growth. It's part of why Snapchat's stories are ephemeral, because you will be a different person tomorrow.
The fun thing about Snapchat is really the surprise and the joy that comes from learning how to use it.
The social marketing teams of big companies will always figure out a way to advertise on Snapchat. I'd like to create a space for people who have a lot of talent but not a lot of reach.
Somewhere along the way, when we were building social media products, we forgot the reason we like to communicate with our friends is because it's fun.
It seems odd that at the beginning of the Internet, everyone decided everything should stick around forever.
I am a young, white, educated male. I got really, really lucky. And life isn't fair.
What Snapchat said was if we try to model conversations as they occur, they're largely ephemeral. We may try to write down and save the really special moments, but by and large, we just try to let everything go. We remember it, but we don't try to save it.
Social media is about friending someone so they'll invite you to a party or get you a job. If that's the work, Snapchat is the playground.
One of the things I'm trying to get better at is apologizing when I make mistakes. That's been a big priority of mine.
Talking with pictures and making memories is universally appealing.
Five years ago, we came to the realization that the camera can be used for more than capturing memories. We showed it can be used for talking. The dream for us is expanding the camera and what it can do for your life. It has capabilities beyond making memories.
Someone will always have an opinion about you. Whatever you do won't ever be enough. So find something important to you. Find something that you love.
Conforming happens so naturally that we can forget how powerful it is. But the thing that makes us human are those times we listen to the whispers of our soul and allow ourselves to be pulled in another direction.
We no longer have to capture the 'real world' and recreate it online. We simply live and communicate at the same time.
We're kind of looking at a future where people acknowledge the hybridization of digital and analog, and appreciate and understand that they both affect each other.
People are going to copy your product if you build great stuff. Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't make it Google.
We built our business on creativity, and we're going to have to go through an education process for the next five years to explain to people how our users and that creativity creates value.
