American,Entertainer
I love the feeling of the fresh air on my face and the wind blowing through my hair.
I decided to fly through the air and live in the sunlight and enjoy life as much as I could.
Anybody can jump a motorcycle. The trouble begins when you try to land it.
Riding a motorcycle on today's highways, you have to ride in a very defensive manner. You have to be a good rider and you have to have both hands and both feet on the controls at all times.
I am a guy who is first of all a businessman. I'm not a stunt man. I'm not a daredevil. I'm - I'm an explorer.
Unless we do things in this country to slow down our population, slow down our birth control, provide better water for people, provide power for people, we're gonna find out that the next wars are not going to be fought over diamonds, gold and political things.
If you don't know about pain and trouble, you're in sad shape. They make you appreciate life.
You know, I had a couple hundred jumps in my career, and I made most of them, but the ones they show over and over are the ones when I crashed.
The most important thing in life is, if you have a dream, I mean a real good dream, follow it.
You can't say you're going to jump the Grand Canyon and then jump some other canyon.
You are the master of your own ship, pal. There are lots of people who fall into troubled waters and don't have the guts or the knowledge or the ability to make it to shore. They have nobody to blame but themselves.
You come to a point in your life when you really don't care what people think about you, you just care what you think about yourself.
If you fall during your life, it doesn't matter. You're never a failure as long as you try to get up.
Those extreme-sports kids today are good, but they have it easy. Try falling off of a motorcycle going 70 or 80 miles per hour on asphalt. Believe me, nothing equals it.
Kids come up to me all the time and say, 'Once I was going through a really bad time, and I saw you crash and get up, and it inspired me.'
I know guys in my hometown that drive by feel and sound.
When you're mad at someone, it's probably best not to break his arm with a baseball bat.
Titanic Thompson and Amarillo Slim would have run from a game with Marty Stanovich. Marty could really play, and he didn't cheat.
The Harley's got a little too much torque when it comes to jumping.
There are a lot of myths about my injuries. They say I have broken every bone in my body. Not true. But I have broken 35 bones. I had surgery 14 times to pin and plate. I shattered my pelvis. I forget all of the things that have broke.
I don't have any problems in life, just situations.
It's easy to be famous today. People pay a million dollars to be recognized, but nobody cares about them. They cared about me because I did things other men were afraid to do. That's why my fans identified with me. They were mostly working-class.
But you come to a point in your life when you can't pull the trigger anymore.
My own judgment of how the world is gonna end is that there will be a country led by a madman that will build a nuclear bomb with so much force, so much power, that it will be dropped somewhere on the face of this earth and that the earth will lose its place.
The finest compliment you can pay a man is that his word was as good as gold.
I am a lucky, lucky person.
You can be famous for a lot of things. You can be a Nobel-prize winner. You can be the fattest guy in the world.
I created Evel Knievel, and then he sort of got away from me.
I always knew how to draw a crowd.
I went through life big-bang-banda-boom-bada-boom.
All my life people have been waiting around to watch me die.
My life has been being a daredevil. I am Evel Knievel. I am a daredevil.
Marty Stanovich was an honorable man.
I've always been concerned about kids - not just my own three, but all kids - what kind of an image I'm providing for them, what kind of inspiration. I don't know now. Maybe I'm leading them down the path to self-destruction.
I'm better than P. T. Barnum and Colonel Parker put together.
I wish there was such a thing as reincarnation.
The saddest thing is when a guy is paying so much attention to the world and everything going by that he can't take the time for his own mother.
God made us. He's in charge of everything, right? If He didn't like us, why didn't he change us?
If there is a heaven, I don't know anything else I can do to get there - and neither do you.
I always wanted to live to about 70. I thought that'd be a good age.
There's just no stopping me. I went through life big-bang-banda-boom-bada-boom.
A motorcycle coming down from 30 feet at 70 mph gives you a terrible jolt.
I want to be the first. If they'd let me go to the moon, I'd crawl all the way to Cape Kennedy just to do it. I'd like to go to the moon, but I don't want to be the second man to go there.
Breaks your heart when your son doesn't love you.
Prison was tough on me. I saw people in prison that made me ashamed I was a human being. Some make Qaddafi and Idi Amin look like Sunday-school teachers.
I went through high school, but I didn't graduate.
I like to help kids, work with kids in detention homes. Don't tell a kid what's right and wrong. He knows what's right and wrong. Find out what his attitude and his aptitude are; try to help him where he wants to go.
Sometimes I keep a car for only a week or two. I like the newest and the flashiest.
I have my tombstone already. A tombstone company in the East gave it to me when I jumped Snake Canyon. My plot is in Montana.
I can still crack a safe with one hand tied behind my back. I'm not proud of it. But I was always against society.
My failures had a lot to do with my fame. I created Evel Knievel, and then he sort of got away from me.
I can't keep track of my hospital time. It all sort of blurs together.
I guess I'm like any other concerned father, except that nobody else's son guns a cycle over 17 pickups without holding on to the handlebars.
I play golf five days a week. I find that if I play seven days a week, I get stale.
I'm not only the best-known daredevil on the face of the earth, I'm the oldest.
My grandpa got me a set of Wilson clubs, Sam Snead models, when I was 12. Many years later, when I'd become well known, I got to know Sam, and we played a lot of golf together.
You'd think a guy who has broken 35 bones in his body would have a high pain threshold, but mine is pretty low. I got hit in the shin with a golf ball once, and it almost brought tears to my eyes. I've had broken bones that didn't hurt as bad.
You can't forbid children to do things that are available to them at every turn. God told Eve, 'Don't give the apple to Adam,' and look what happened. It's in our nature to want the things we see.
