American,Athlete
The best way to learn is getting out there, getting reps, and making mistakes.
Trust your landmark and run through the smoke. It's going to open up eventually.
When we go out there, we have fun, but we get to work, and I think we're at our best when we're having fun. Having fun is key.
Winning the Super Bowl would be way more special than the rookie rushing record.
I'm not going to change; I'm going to keep grinding. I'm going to do all I can to win.
The criticism is what I expect, honestly, because I'm criticizing myself every day when I come in here and watch that film. I'm trying to get better.
You definitely have to think of the perception of things before you actually do certain things. It may not seem like it's a big deal to you yourself, but there's a bigger picture.
That's just how I live my life. That's how I was raised: to demand excellence out of myself.
What's a priority is going out there and winning ballgames every week.
I have a lot of great players around me. I have the best O-line in football. It's what's expected.
I feel blessed. All the great running backs that have come through Ohio State - Archie Griffin, Eddie George, Beanie Wells - I'm happy that I was able to carry on that lineage this season.
I think at Ohio State, we're professional athletes in Columbus.
Witten was my guy. I stayed in Wit's hip pocket and did everything I could to learn from him, learn how to be a pro.
It should be about this team, and it should be about these guys. It should be about our relationship. It shouldn't be about records.
Notre Dame was my dream school growing up. But in recruiting, they had some other plans, what position they wanted me to play.
I'm a guy who expects a lot from himself.
I'm just trying to go out each week and get better. I just have to be patient, and it's going to happen.
I hate to lose more than I love winning, and I'm coming to Dallas to win a Super Bowl.
I take pride in being a jack of all trades.
I'm a great pass catcher. I'm excellent in pass protection, which is the most important thing. You can't play, you can't get on the field if you don't protect that franchise quarterback.
The NCAA has its rules. It's our job to abide by them.
I wasn't going to play on defense in college.
I am tired of hearing about Coach Harbaugh; I think he needs to get in check with reality because, at the end of the day, you can't talk smack about a rivalry when you haven't won a rivalry game. You got to win ballgames to be able to talk behind it.
I'm a guy who can play all three downs, and I excel in all areas of the game.
I think I'm a guy who's going to work and work hard from Day 1, and I think I'm a guy who brings a lot of versatility to the position.
I wouldn't say I'm a victim of high expectations. The expectations are going to be there.
Nobody's expectations are going to be more than mine.
This is a physical game, and that's how you have to play. When you do that, the defense eventually gets tired of tackling you.
Whoever wins MVP, whoever wins whatever those awards are, that's not my decision.
My job is to go out there and play football. My job is to go out there and win football games.
If we go out there, and we play well and win football games, all the good stuff will come with it. It's not my job to worry about something I can't control.
Ohio means a lot to me. Kinda like a second home, just the memories I have here and the fans I made while at Ohio State with the things that I accomplished at that great university.
We've talked before what is important is week in, week out, getting wins and getting better.
In playoff football, you've got to be physical. You've got to run the ball.
It just helped going to work every day, knowing that you're going to work with guys that believe in you; you're going to work for guys that believe in you. You want to perform for them.
You kinda got to embrace expectations, but it's not something I pay attention to.
Once you make a mistake, it's kind of in your head what you need to do and what exactly is going on.
Once you make that first mistake, it kind of clears up everything, and everything can come to you.
I'm a competitor.
I live for the high expectations.
The money between the first pick and the 10th pick - that's a big difference! That's like a $10-million-dollar difference.
We want to play a physical game and impose our will on people.
You don't want to attack one game more than another.
You can't go out and press. That's when you're going to make mistakes. Just act like you've done it before.
I think it's just a chemistry thing, feeling each other out. The more you play with each other, the better it's going to be.
I'm going to go out there and do what I do and play football, and everything will work out.
Honestly, the type of runner I am, I'm a physical guy, and I try to set the tone early in the game, so you're going to see it a lot in the first and second quarter.
I'm going to finish my runs hard, and I'm going to try to set the tone.
Honestly, when I'm out there, I really don't even think about them as guys with names. I look at them as numbers.
The way I approach things is that I'm a physical player.
Every play, I'm trying to get as many shots on the opposing team as I can, so when you get to the fourth quarter, they obviously don't want to be on the field anymore.
During the game, there has to be a moment where you have to set the tone. You have to let them know that you're a physical player.
When you let those defensive backs know that you're a physical player, they don't really want to tackle. That's it. That's why you see me get a hurdle every game. Those guys don't want to tackle me when I get to the second level.
I don't think, as a player, I have a weakness on the field. I've done a great job of becoming good at everything, so I think that's what separates me.
I'm a great inside and outside runner.
I'm focused on going out and winning ballgames. Focused on getting better with the team every week.
