American,Poet
Either move or be moved.
The worst mistake I made was that stupid, suburban prejudice of anti-Semitism.
The real trouble with war (modern war) is that it gives no one a chance to kill the right people.
The image is more than an idea. It is a vortex or cluster of fused ideas and is endowed with energy.
A slave is one who waits for someone to come and free him.
If a nation's literature declines, the nation atrophies and decays.
Good writers are those who keep the language efficient. That is to say, keep it accurate, keep it clear.
A civilized man is one who will give a serious answer to a serious question. Civilization itself is a certain sane balance of values.
I have never known anyone worth a damn who wasn't irascible.
In our time, the curse is monetary illiteracy, just as inability to read plain print was the curse of earlier centuries.
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding.
Humanity is the rich effluvium, it is the waste and the manure and the soil, and from it grows the tree of the arts.
People find ideas a bore because they do not distinguish between live ones and stuffed ones on a shelf.
Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.
If the individual, or heretic, gets hold of some essential truth, or sees some error in the system being practiced, he commits so many marginal errors himself that he is worn out before he can establish his point.
A general loathing of a gang or sect usually has some sound basis in instinct.
If I could believe the Quakers banned music because church music is so damn bad, I should view them with approval.
Genius... is the capacity to see ten things where the ordinary man sees one.
Literature is news that stays news.
Good art however 'immoral' is wholly a thing of virtue. Good art can NOT be immoral. By good art I mean art that bears true witness, I mean the art that is most precise.
All great art is born of the metropolis.
Great literature is simply language charged with meaning to the utmost possible degree.
The modern artist must live by craft and violence. His gods are violent gods. Those artists, so called, whose work does not show this strife, are uninteresting.
The art of letters will come to an end before A.D. 2000. I shall survive as a curiosity.
Men do not understand books until they have a certain amount of life, or at any rate no man understands a deep book, until he has seen and lived at least part of its contents.
Music begins to atrophy when it departs too far from the dance... poetry begins to atrophy when it gets too far from music.
