American,Musician
I try to find a reason to laugh each day. Somehow, if you can incorporate laughter into your day, every day, it really helps. It's the little things in life that make me happy.
A man who is right by your side through everything makes you happy. But he can leave your side to make dinner once in a while!
It's not complicated to embrace life. You just have to make the choice.
I don't want to sound like a Hallmark card, but to be able to wake up each day with food and shelter, that alone is good. Forget aging and the fact that my butt is becoming a little more familiar with my knees than my tailbone. If you are six feet above ground it's a good day. So, give me more!
Country music is the people's music. It just speaks about real life and about truth and it tells things how they really are.
I'm a very independent woman.
Reba is very, very close to everyone around her. She's a classy lady.
I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone.
I don't let things go unless I'm ready for them to go.
We're raising our girls to understand the real meaning of Christmas, and to know that it's most important to have Christmas in your heart. We go to our local mall and donate toys, and we say prayers for all the people in the world who might not be as lucky as we are.
I'm able to shift gears from mom to performer to mom pretty quickly.
To be honest, I didn't really understand how involved putting a fragrance together could be - or would be. Once I made the choice to actually do it, I just went for it. I just dove in and have really learned a lot about putting a scent together. It's kind of exciting.
My goal as an artist is to always be true to who I am and give my fans music they will enjoy for a lifetime.
It's okay to take time for yourself. We give so much of ourselves to others and we need to be fueled both physically and mentally. If we are in balance, it helps us in all our interactions.
The foundation of family - that's where it all begins for me.
Shania Twain brought a whole other fan base to country music with her sound, the way the videos were produced.
I've always defended Shania. She not only opened doors; she knocked several down.
Everybody wants you to do good things, but in a small town you pretty much graduate and get married. Mostly you marry, have children and go to their football games.
Nashville was totally different than I ever dreamed. I had only seen the music business on television and been to a couple of concerts. I had no clue.
When I wake up in a bad mood, I try not to stay in one. Learn to make the best of what you have.
Children are easily influenced, and I always want to do things I can be proud to show my kids someday.
I think beauty comes from within. If you're happy and look at life in the best way you can, even when there are problems, it can make you beautiful on the outside.
A little bit of stage fright, then I'm ready.
Country music fans are extremely supportive. Once they're with you, they're with you for life.
When you're a mom and you have three children, nothing bothers you. Trust me. Who cares what people say? I've got other things to deal with.
I didn't realize that everyone was so attracted to my hair. I thought, well what about my music?
I was adopted into this incredible home, a loving, positive environment, yet I had this yearning, this kind of darkness that was also inside me.
I know one of the reasons God gave me kids was to test my patience.
I have worries and fears just like everybody else. But I have every reason to wake up each morning and be very happy.
