American,Journalist
Alaska itself is an unusual state.
Americans have so far put up with inequality because they felt they could change their status. They didn't mind others being rich, as long as they had a path to move up as well. The American Dream is all about social mobility in a sense - the idea that anyone can make it.
I grew up in Mumbai.
The Berlin Wall wasn't the only barrier to fall after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. Traditional barriers to the flow of money, trade, people and ideas also fell.
What we see today is an American economy that has boomed because of policies and developments of the 1950s and '60s: the interstate-highway system, massive funding for science and technology, a public-education system that was the envy of the world and generous immigration policies.
In a very weak economy, when you say 'cut government spending,' what you mean is you're laying off school teachers and you're de-funding various programs that put money into the economy. This means you have more unemployed people that then draw unemployment benefits and don't pay taxes.
I don't want to paint a picture of total gloom and doom.
The Web forces me to be disciplined and not to waste time - but before the Web was invented, there were plenty of opportunities to do that anyway.
In the 1990s, we were certain that Saddam Hussein had a nuclear arsenal. In fact, his factories could barely make soap.
Culture follows power.
Whenever societies do well, they believe that there is something in their cultural DNA that made it happen.
I think that liberals need to grow up.
When you're failing, there's a very powerful incentive to put ideology aside and just do what seems to work.
Politics and power is a realm of relative influence.
The American dream seems to be thriving in Europe not at home.
But as the arms-control scholar Thomas Schelling once noted, two things are very expensive in international life: promises when they succeed and threats when they fail.
I am an American, not by accident of birth but by choice. I voted with my feet and became an American because I love this country and think it is exceptional.
It's not possible for two countries to be the leading dominant political power at the same time.
In a world awash in debt, power shifts to creditors.
America's growth historically has been fueled mostly by investment, education, productivity, innovation and immigration. The one thing that doesn't seem to have anything to do with America's growth rate is a brutal work schedule.
It is absolutely clear that government plays a key role, as a catalyst, in promoting long-run growth.
I very much want to be in the business of creating content, of doing stories all over the world rather than figuring out what the business model is for 'Newsweek' on the iPad, although that's very important work as well.
The great drama of Russian history has been between its state and society. Put simply, Russia has always had too much state and not enough society.
If there is one lesson for U.S. foreign policy from the past 10 years, it is surely that military intervention can seem simple but is in fact a complex affair with the potential for unintended consequences.
What happens in the media is the cult of personality. The brands who have been forced to cut their staff have been forced to take on the brands of journalists.
My friends all say I'm going to be Secretary of State. But I don't see how that would be much different from the job I have now.
American influence is not what it used to be.
I'm largely in favor of financial reform.
I enjoy writing but I much prefer the experience of having written.
Iran is a country of 80 million people, educated and dynamic. It sits astride a crucial part of the world. It cannot be sanctioned and pressed down forever. It is the last great civilization to sit outside the global order.
Conservatives used to believe in confronting hard truths, not succumbing to comforting fairy tales. Some still do.
CNN is getting smarter, and you can feel it in the stories, you can feel it in the depth with which they're covered, the kinds of people in terms of guests who are brought on air, the way in which issues are discussed.
The people who watch Fox are not going to watch CNN. You know, let's be honest.
Street protests in Saudi Arabia might warm our hearts, but they could easily lead to $250 a barrel oil and a global recession.
