American,Actress
You just sort of let them go for a while, but it was time to have something done to my teeth. I'm glad. It's going to be good. Tom Cruise has braces now, too. I'm right in style.
I'm still the little southern girl from the wrong side of the tracks who really didn't feel like she belonged.
You are an athlete when you're onstage. You can't get tired.
Years are not important, my dear.
When you're younger they always try to get you to do every ninny role that's going.
Well, softness and femininity like yours people don't expect of me; so when they find me emotional and capable of real vulnerability, they're surprised.
So many people are called but few serve as actors, you know what I mean?
So Liam and movies are obviously big passions, and I read and write.
Since Star Wars, that film's success led to bigger budgets, more hardware, that the great movies like the ones I did, which were studio movies, are now independent movies. They range from half a million to several million, and a lot of those have very interesting roles.
My mother's passion for something more, to write a different destiny for a dirt-poor farmer's daughter, was to shape my entire life.
It's true, I did a lot of great movies, and I'm happy. It was what it was, and now I think all of that has fed into where I am now, and I think it has taught me a lot.
It's interesting as one grows older to keep in touch with the cutting edge.
I've been working on this feature script for Master Class, a play by Terrence McNally that won a lot of Tonys.
I'm kind of a recluse.
I still have, I hope, a lot of years and there are still a lot of things I want to do.
I often say the last role I played that really touched me and where I was able to access what I really am was Bonnie, which is kind of sad when you think how early in my career that was.
I mean, I was always interested in people like Lenny Bruce, people who are breaking the old rules and making new ones.
God bless McNally, it's got some fantastic stuff in it, but it's no easy task to make a movie out of.
Do you know what I'm working on now? My first feature as a director.
