American,Actress
Social media is an amazing tool, but it's really the face-to-face interaction that makes a long-term impact.
Every single job is a challenge. You are walking into a new set, a new character, creating a world and trying to get comfortable to do your best work.
I love sitcoms, and I grew up on sitcoms. That's my tasty junk food.
Basically, my socialization as a child didn't come from any schooling; it came from being in theater and meeting people online.
The substance of what it means to be a geek is essentially someone who's brave enough to love something against judgment. The heart of being a geek is a little bit of rejection.
I don't appeal to everyone well. I appeal to fewer people in a much stronger way. That's what fandom is to me, and what creates fans for everything I make.
I feel like maybe I'm part of that generation that became more of a gamer than a video consumer. It's always been something I've done with my spare time. If I had three hours on a Friday night, I'm not out partying. I'm probably playing video games.
I would never let somebody say that they're me. That would be the ultimate betrayal of what I stand for.
Hollywood typecast me as the secretary. I could have worked as the quirky secretary for the rest of my life, but I decided not to do that.
My dad was in the military, yeah. He was in the Air Force, and he was a doctor, so he would go places for six months here, and two years there. And I was home-schooled because I played the violin, and I did a lot of competitions.
I have a little obsessive-compulsive personality. You can tell because I played online games for eight hours a day.
I'd been in Hollywood for five years before I started writing 'The Guild.' I worked enough to pay all my bills. So I was very lucky in that respect. Most people don't make a living acting.
Every quirky girl doesn't have to be the best-friend character. It's a very limiting and self-fulfilling prophecy. People only write things that will get green-lit, so they write to those stereotypes.
Just because you have star power and a huge marketing budget, you can see from some professional web series, it doesn't equal views.
I've played pretty much every single-player RPG there is, has been, ever will be. But as far as the MMOs go, especially with the voice chat, it becomes like hanging out with your friends in a chat channel, and you're playing at the same time. So it becomes a lot more social than people would probably think.
When I carve out time to game, it's because I rationalize that I 'deserve it,' so I relish every minute of that 2-3 hour session.
I'll be in a series for three or four episodes, but then I'll be off the series, and downtime, as an actor, is a little more than most people understand. Most of the time you're just sitting around taking coffee with friends.
I'm very persistent; I know the Internet very well, because I grew up on the Internet. I had Internet when there was just dial-up, and the Internet was my social outlet.
I'm a big champion of people doing things outside the system.
I think the more web video there is, the more press you'll get, as well as all the people who want to tell stories that haven't been told before but can't do that on TV because different stories are a risk.
I believe you are never past the point of creating opportunities for yourself.
Voice acting is very different from live-action. You only have one tool to convey emotion. You can't sell a line with a look. It's all about your vocal instrument.
Comic-Con has become more of a pop cultural festival, and to not be included feels like you're missing the biggest celebration of the year.
I learned that lack of budget can be overcome by fan passion if you can get your content to the people who like what you do.
Geek and Sundry has an eclectic line-up of shows all targeted around things I love: Comics, Tabletop Games, Books and more.
At no point am I ever threatened by people who question who I am, or why I like the things I do, or my legitimacy. Because I know who I am very strongly, and I think that's what geek culture can reinforce.
I'm definitely more of a 'think game' kind of girl. I'll read every single dialogue and codex entry and lore entry. I really do love projecting myself and creating my character.
Finishing games has been something I'm really proud of, seeing something through to the end.
I created 'The Guild' because nobody was offering me the roles I thought I could do best at in Hollywood.
I'm resigned to the fact that the corseted history of America is not as exciting as that of Britain.
There is definitely a way in which women are raised to be less proactive, less business-oriented, and less willing to jump into creative no man's land. I think media has more of an influence on how we perceive gender identity than anything else.
Typecasting is something I have to be careful with, since I play myself on Geek & Sundry so much on my weekly show 'The Flog.' That's why I did 'Dragon Age: Redemption' last year, so I could do something a little more dramatic and hard-edged.
'The Last Of Us,' to me, is just amazing storytelling, because everything's from the character point of view, which even movies don't really do successfully a lot of the time.
If you know your characters well enough, you aren't trying to grasp for storylines. You're really thinking about their flaws and their passions and what they're chasing.
I'm a huge fan of BioWare games. I think they do some of the best character-building. I mean, I have a relationship with Thane from 'Mass Effect' that is as vivid as any crush that I've had on a TV-show character.
That's the great thing about incubating something on the web: you have the potential to go to other platforms. Every single platform has a different audience that you find.
My goal in creating Geek & Sundry was to create a community based around web video, and we've accomplished that, especially on our budget.
My goal with every show we put on Geek & Sundry is to make it that big of a success, not just within the video but within fandom itself.
People don't teach you how to handle the workload that comes from a little bit of success, and it's something I'd never had to handle, because I'd been rejected for so long.
My favorite 'Mister Rogers' episodes were always the ones where Mr. Rogers would go into the community.
What I love about what I get to do is that I'm allowed to create the stories that I want to tell with minimal interference by some very big corporations like Microsoft and Sprint and EA and BioWare. The advantage that these tech companies have is that they understand the space organically, versus traditional media companies.
People always ask why I stay in the online space versus going to TV or film, like most people would do, and the answer is that there's opportunity for innovation online - not only innovation in storytelling, but also innovation in how you interact with your audience and that is very fulfilling to me personally.
