American,Businessman
Success should stem from entrepreneurial creativity, not political connectivity.
You don't want to put all your lead on the target. You want to leave some arrows in the quiver.
'Hannity' had a a guy on that said, 'I fathered 20 kids by 14 mothers.' That is s cultural issue which has demeaned our society and has caused our society dearly in terms of imprisonment. Who's going to be the fathers to those children? Who's going to pay child support?
I did one of those 'born again' things and invited Jesus to become the chairman of the board, of my life.
The collusion of big business, big labor, and big government threaten the spirit of small business that makes America great.
I think of all the guys that strap a gun on their backs and head to Afghanistan and Iraq to keep us free and safe and maintain what America has stood for.
I think culture precedes politics, and I think the attempts to try and legislate people's behavior... isn't going to be productive until the culture decides what they want to achieve.
I've said before, the number one thing that we have to work on is protecting the gay community from sharia law. Now, in the United States, it's probably not a big issue right now, but my brother-in-law is gay, and his partner and I would like them to be able to travel any place in the world without them risking harm.
I think it's unfair that people can't give assets to whoever they want. When I die, my assets can go to my wife. And a gay person - you ought to have a system where maybe you can just say, 'You can give your assets to anybody you want.'
If we really want to cherish religious freedom, people who want to believe that same-sex marriage should take place, they have a right to believe that, and people who want to believe it's inappropriate, we should not demonize those people - if we really believe in religious liberty.
I'm not the hands-on guy. I like writing the check, and I turn it over to the guys that make it happen, much like the way I ran my business.
People asked, 'So what are you - a multimillionaire?' I like to say, 'A billionaire wanna-be.'
All of us grow.
If we don't change our culture, the politics is going to migrate more and more to statism.
What people love about Santorum is he is who is he. He speaks his words. He loves God. He loves his country, and he loves gays.
It's so sad to see how few people in the Obama administration have any private sector experience.
President Obama's over in Indonesia when guys like me were at a paper route. President Obama, I don't know what experience he had at that same age when he was in Indonesia. So I think it's hard for him to grasp that America entrepreneurial spirit.
I allowed Rick Santorum to express views and ideas that the American people never would have had expressed.
On the national security front, Rick Santorum is superior to any candidate I know.
Whether it is a super PAC or not, I have been blessed with wealth, and I think I have responsibility to use it properly.
I very, very much want to be involved in helping those senators, congressmen, and women who support the principles that made America great.
I have four kids. They are two years apart, and contraception has been very, very good to me.
Rick Santorum has so much potential and so much eagerness to serve our country.
In America, we have this bell curve of certain values. And then we have another bell curve of different values, which is the Republican Party. And they're out of sync right now.
In certain states, if a woman makes $12,000 a year, and lives with her quarter-of-a million dollar boyfriend and they don't get married, as long as they don't get married, she gets maybe 20 or 30 thousand dollars in pre-tax benefits in terms of food stamps, health care and housing allowance.
Santorum is the greatest person on the face of the planet as far as I'm concerned.
Would-be adoptive parents have to struggle for years through a bureaucratic obstacle course at an average cost of $30,000.
The United Nations Children's Fund reports that more than 18 million children worldwide have lost both parents to the ravages of AIDS, starvation, war or natural disasters.
