American,Director
The essence of cinema is editing. It's the combination of what can be extraordinary images of people during emotional moments, or images in a general sense, put together in a kind of alchemy.
I believe that filmmaking - as, probably, is everything - is a game you should play with all your cards, and all your dice, and whatever else you've got. So, each time I make a movie, I give it everything I have. I think everyone should, and I think everyone should do everything they do that way.
You have to really be courageous about your instincts and your ideas. Otherwise you'll just knuckle under, and things that might have been memorable will be lost.
Anyone who's made film and knows about the cinema has a lifelong love affair with the experience. You never stop learning about film.
When a movie is about to come out on its initial debut, there are a lot of people involved - the financiers, the studio and the producers and also, many times, the foreign distributors. So it is a time of tremendous pressure and uncertainty.
I think cinema, movies, and magic have always been closely associated. The very earliest people who made film were magicians.
When I was sixteen or seventeen, I wanted to be a writer. I wanted to be a playwright. But everything I wrote, I thought, was weak. And I can remember falling asleep in tears because I had no talent the way I wanted to have.
Anything you build on a large scale or with intense passion invites chaos.
My film is not a movie; it's not about Vietnam. It is Vietnam.
The most adventurous thing I've done is learn how to fly a helicopter in the Philippines. One night we landed on a beach and slept on it.
We were raised in an Italian-American household, although we didn't speak Italian in the house. We were very proud of being Italian, and had Italian music, ate Italian food.
Art depends on luck and talent.
I don't think there's any artist of any value who doesn't doubt what they're doing.
I wrote the script of Patton. I had this very bizarre opening where he stands up in front of an American flag and gives this speech. Ultimately, I was fired. When the script was done, they hired another writer and that script was forgotten.
I had a number of very strong personalities in my family. My father was a concert flutist, the solo flute for Toscanini.
I associate my motion picture career more with being unhappy and scared, or being under the gun, than with anything pleasant.
I always found the film world unpleasant. It's all about the schedule, and never really flew for me.
People feel the worst film I made was 'Jack.' But to this day, when I get checks from old movies I've made, 'Jack' is one of the biggest ones. No one knows that. If people hate the movie, they hate the movie. I just wanted to work with Robin Williams.
I probably have genius. But no talent.
I like simplicity; I don't need luxury.
I had a heartbreaking experience when I was 9. I always wanted to be a guard. The most wonderful girl in the world was a guard. When I got polio and then went back to school, they made me a guard. A teacher took away my guard button.
I think it's better to be overly ambitious and fail than to be underambitious and succeed in a mundane way. I have been very fortunate. I failed upward in my life!
We had access to too much money, too much equipment, and little by little, we went insane.
I was always the black sheep of the family and always told that I was dumb, and I had a low IQ and did badly in school.
When I do a novel, I don't really use the script, I use the book; when I did Apocalypse Now, I used Heart of Darkness. Novels usually have so much rich material.
In kindergarten that used to be my job, to tell them fairytales. I liked Hans Christian Andersen, and the Grimm fairy tales, all the classic fairy tales.
I landed a job with Roger Corman. The job was to write the English dialogue for a Russian science fiction picture. I didn't speak any Russian. He didn't care whether I could understand what they were saying; he wanted me to make up dialogue.
I had been a kid that moved so much, I didn't have a lot of friends. Theater really represented camaraderie.
I had an older brother who was very interested in literature, so I had an early exposure to literature, and and theater. My father sometimes would work in musical comedies.
I had a number of teachers who hated me. I didn't do well in school.
I became quite successful very young, and it was mainly because I was so enthusiastic and I just worked so hard at it.
George Lucas doesn't have the most physical stamina. He was so unhappy making Star Wars that he just vowed he'd never do it again.
Listen, if there's one sure-fire rule that I have learned in this business, it's that I don't know anything about human nature.
All of a sudden, there are great Japanese films, or great Italian films, or great Australian films. It's usually because there are a number of people that cross-pollinated each other.
I bring to my life a certain amount of mess.
Steven Spielberg is unique. I feel that the kinds of movies he loves are the same kinds of movies that the big mass audience loves. He's very fortunate because he can do the things he naturally likes the best, and he's been very successful.
When newspapers started to publish the box office scores of movies, I was horrified. Those results are totally fake because they never include the promotion budget.
I wanted to write and direct movies and not be forced to adapt them from a bestselling book.
As long as I can make lots of money in other businesses, I'll continue to subsidize my own work.
I realized I probably wouldn't make another film that cuts through commercial and creative things like 'Godfather' or 'Apocalypse.'
The internet in hotels should be free - and I really resent it when they charge you five dollars for a bottle of water beside your bed.
I used to love going into local hardware stores, to look at little things they made locally. Nowadays it's harder, though you can still do it in Vietnam.
It takes no imagination to live within your means.
I'm no longer dependent on the movie business to make a living. So if I want to make movies as other old guys would play golf, I can.
Most filmmakers can't afford to try something out that doesn't work.
I've been offered lots of movies. There's always some actor who's doing a project and would like to have me do it. But you look at the project and think, 'Gee, there are a lot of good directors who could do that.' I'd like to do something only I can do.
We do things for good reasons that are bad.
I was never sloppy with other people's money. Only my own. Because I figure, well, you can be.
Lots of people have criticized my movies, but nobody has ever identified the real problem: I'm a sloppy filmmaker.
'The Godfather' changed my life, for better or worse. It definitely made me have an older man's film career when I was 29.
I have more of a vivid imagination than I have talent. I cook up ideas. It's just a characteristic.
I just admire people like Woody Allen, who every year writes an original screenplay. It's astonishing. I always wished that I could do that.
I had to get a job, and of course, the job was 'The Godfather.' That made me be something I didn't know I was going to be. I became a big-shot director.
When that happens - when risk is taken and the filmmakers dive into the subject matter without a parachute - very often what you get it something with those qualities that make it age well with the public.
My big goal in life was always to figure out how I can make a lot of money so I can go off and make films irrespective of the opinion of the three or four critics who seem to rule the roost.
That's part of the requirement for me to be an artist is that you're trying to share your personal existence with others and trying to illuminate modern life, trying to understand life.
By working in the morning, I find a sense of peace; it's isolated peace, but I can definitely be in touch with my feelings, and then I just start.
'Godfather' was very classical - the way it was shot, the style - the whole driving force of it was more classical, almost Shakespearean.
The whole reason one wants to do lower budget films is because the lower the budget, the bigger the ideas, the bigger the themes, the more interesting the art.
Being a former theater student, of course, there is a part of me that is fascinated with stage crafts and what you can do with illusions and working within the confines of the studio.
When I was 13, I worked for Western Union. When the telegrams came in, I would glue them on the paper and deliver them on my bicycle.
We support each other in the Coppola family. We love the idea of everyone getting his place in the sun.
I don't go on set with an army of people because the most expensive elements of a movie production are the plane tickets, the hotel rooms, food and gasoline. If you're willing to discover new colleagues in the place that you are, you can save a ton of money.
It is a little disappointing to see that your legs are not as strong. But I like the idea of growing old, and the thought of approaching death is not particularly daunting to me.
I was terrible at maths, but I could grasp science, and I used to love to read about the lives of the scientists. I wanted to be a scientist or an inventor.
I was raised as a Catholic, but I didn't like the Catholic Church at all. I thought the nuns were mean.
Movie-wise, there is nothing I wouldn't do again. It's not possible to make one perfect movie every time.
I never went to a psychologist or psychiatrist in my life. Never. You know, Italians are a little prejudiced against that kind of thing.
If I have to be remembered for something, I want it remembered that I really liked children and was a good camp counselor.
I've been offered lots of movies. There's always some actor who's doing a project and would like to have me do it.
Sequels are not done for the audience or cinema or the filmmakers. It's for the distributor. The film becomes a brand.
The only TV I would be interested in exploring would be live television. There's no substitute for a team of artists performing at their peak live when failure is possible. It's a high-wire act. That excites me.
I have much to learn from my daughter Sofia. Her minimalism exposes my limitations: I'm too instinctive and operatic, I put too much heart into my work, I get lost sometimes in bizarre things - it's my Italian heritage.
I've been blessed with enough wealth that I can make a film myself up to a certain budget. So one way I thought I would reinvent myself was just to make these very small, personal films that I've financed myself.
I wanted to be a film student again, as a man in my 60s. To go someplace alone and see what you can cook up, with non-existent budgets. I didn't want to be surrounded by comforts and colleagues, which you have when when you're a big time director. I wanted to write personal works.
I think a sequel is a waste of money and time. I think movies should illuminate new stories.
I was a pretty shy, lonely kid. I blossomed about age 17, when I went to college.
My family were symphonic musicians and in the opera. Also, it was my era, the love of radio. We used to listen to the radio at night, close our eyes and see movies far more beautiful than you can photograph.
Sound is your friend because sound is much cheaper than picture, but it has equal effect on the audience - in some ways, perhaps more effect because it does it in a very indirect way.
Without a doubt, I was born to want to make cinema, but the kind of cinema I want to make is not like commercial movies, which I enjoy myself, but I wanted to be the kind of filmmaker who wrote original work, sort of like a novelist would who deals with who we are and our times or our relationships.
To make great movies, there is an element of risk. You have to say, 'Well, I am going to make this film, and it is not really a sure thing.'
The time a movie is made is unique, not only from the talent that is available but if the public was ready for it.
I live near San Francisco in the most beautiful spot on earth and enjoy myself in many ways. Yes, I love to work, which for now is to think and read and write, so it's all a dream come true.
I know that if a film is ready to emerge out of what I write, I'll be able to go off and make it without asking anyone's permission.
Some critics are stimulating in that they make you realise how you could do better, and those are valued.
