American,Journalist
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
You never realize what a good memory you have until you try to forget something.
Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job.
Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there.
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
What makes resisting temptation difficult for many people is they don't want to discourage it completely.
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet.
Sex is a two-way treat.
One trouble with developing speed reading skills is that by the time you realize a book is boring you've already finished it.
Anybody who thinks talk is cheap should get some legal advice.
Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
Nothing makes it easier to resist temptation than a proper bringing-up, a sound set of values - and witnesses.
All women should know how to take care of children. Most of them will have a husband some day.
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance or a stranger.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
An autobiography usually reveals nothing bad about its writer except his memory.
It's a strange world of language in which skating on thin ice can get you into hot water.
You're an old-timer if you can remember when setting the world on fire was a figure of speech.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon; which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
The most efficient labor-saving device is still money.
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
The British have a remarkable talent for keeping calm, even when there is no crisis.
The easiest way to solve a problem is to pick an easy one.
