American,President
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education.
The point in history at which we stand is full of promise and danger. The world will either move forward toward unity and widely shared prosperity - or it will move apart.
I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues.
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace.
Nobody will ever deprive the American people of the right to vote except the American people themselves and the only way they could do this is by not voting.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.
Confidence... thrives on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection and on unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live.
Competition has been shown to be useful up to a certain point and no further, but cooperation, which is the thing we must strive for today, begins where competition leaves off.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.
Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people. A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
To reach a port, we must sail - sail, not tie at anchor - sail, not drift.
I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.
Be sincere; be brief; be seated.
True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made.
I do not look upon these United States as a finished product. We are still in the making.
A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people.
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much it is whether we provide enough for those who have little.
We are trying to construct a more inclusive society. We are going to make a country in which no one is left out.
I pledge you, I pledge myself, to a new deal for the American people.
War is a contagion.
I am a Christian and a Democrat, that's all.
Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country.
I believe that in every country the people themselves are more peaceably and liberally inclined than their governments.
Art is not a treasure in the past or an importation from another land, but part of the present life of all living and creating peoples.
In our seeking for economic and political progress, we all go up - or else we all go down.
Self-interest is the enemy of all true affection.
There is nothing I love as much as a good fight.
It is fun to be in the same decade with you.
No government can help the destinies of people who insist in putting sectional and class consciousness ahead of general weal.
Put two or three men in positions of conflicting authority. This will force them to work at loggerheads, allowing you to be the ultimate arbiter.
Our national determination to keep free of foreign wars and foreign entanglements cannot prevent us from feeling deep concern when ideals and principles that we have cherished are challenged.
If I went to work in a factory the first thing I'd do is join a union.
This generation of Americans has a rendezvous with destiny.
No group and no government can properly prescribe precisely what should constitute the body of knowledge with which true education is concerned.
Whoever seeks to set one religion against another seeks to destroy all religion.
It is the duty of the President to propose and it is the privilege of the Congress to dispose.
But while they prate of economic laws, men and women are starving. We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature. They are made by human beings.
Favor comes because for a brief moment in the great space of human change and progress some general human purpose finds in him a satisfactory embodiment.
I am neither bitter nor cynical but I do wish there was less immaturity in political thinking.
The truth is found when men are free to pursue it.
The school is the last expenditure upon which America should be willing to economize.
It takes a long time to bring the past up to the present.
There are as many opinions as there are experts.
Are you laboring under the impression that I read these memoranda of yours? I can't even lift them.
A reactionary is a somnambulist walking backwards.
We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature. They are made by human beings.
The overwhelming majority of Americans are possessed of two great qualities a sense of humor and a sense of proportion.
