American,Politician
A father is a man who expects his son to be as good a man as he meant to be.
Most smiles are started by another smile.
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it.
Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a man's growth without destroying his roots.
If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things.
If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get.
The most important thing that parents can teach their children is how to get along without them.
Why not upset the apple cart? If you don't, the apples will rot anyway.
The reason there's so much ignorance is that those who have it are so eager to share it.
It's hard to detect good luck - it looks so much like something you've earned.
We find comfort among those who agree with us - growth among those who don't.
Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
A man's conscience, like a warning line on the highway, tells him what he shouldn't do - but it does not keep him from doing it.
There's nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to an inquisitive child.
Gossip needn't be false to be evil - there's a lot of truth that shouldn't be passed around.
The more you learn to live without, the more you'll have to live with.
Kindness makes a fellow feel good whether it's being done to him or by him.
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it.
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it.
Modern man is frantically trying to earn enough to buy things he's too busy to enjoy.
I'd rather see folks doubt what's true than accept what isn't.
Maybe a person's time would be as well spent raising food as raising money to buy food.
A leading authority is anyone who has guessed right more than once.
Many folks think they aren't good at earning money, when what they don't know is how to use it.
A child, like your stomach, doesn't need all you can afford to give it.
