American,Athlete
A good athlete always mentally replays a competition over and over, even in victory, to see what might be done to improve the performance the next time.
Experience has taught me how important it is to just keep going, focusing on running fast and relaxed. Eventually it passes and the flow returns. It's part of racing.
You don't run 26 miles at five minutes a mile on good looks and a secret recipe.
Hills are speedwork in disguise.
I admire runners older than I - they are now my heroes. I want to be like them as I grow older.
I plan to be running as long as I can and have no plans to stop.
Again, racing for me was about energy management.
As I've been able to once again gain the benefits of speed work, I'm enjoying my running more and more.
Because running fast is more fun than running slow.
Being in school is the best place to be if you are an athlete because you can structure your own time.
For the novice runner, I'd say to give yourself at least 2 months of consistently running several times a week at a conversational pace before deciding whether you want to stick with it. Consistency is the most important aspect of training at this point.
I also held several masters running titles.
I started in law school in '71 and graduated in '74. So I was training for the Olympics, running or averaging around 20 miles a day and going to law school full time.
I think he had a wake-up call. It's a different kind of race, and I think maybe he didn't take it quite as seriously as he might have, but you can bet he learned a lot of lessons.
I think it is that parents just don't kick their kids out the door as much as they used to. I think the demise of sandlot sports has had a lot to do with it.
I think the secret of my light, quick, foot strike is related to the fact that I have fragile feet.
I was actually going to law school in 1972.
In other words we have marketed our way into this health crisis.
Intervals and other types of speed work are essential to improve running speed.
It is just called Continuing Legal Education. You can go to lectures, you can even listen to tapes on airplanes - they want you to stay current. So you do have to stay current to maintain your license even if you are not practicing.
It is not the time spent with the child at their activity that is going to produce the highest level athlete. It is in supporting the child in an organized activity - and Bill alluded to this - so the child can find what they truly like to do and let them go.
My goal is to break three hours in a marathon.
Really, I think that going out and playing with your friends is kind of becoming a lost art, with the kids in the neighborhood.
Right now, after having had back surgery, I am finally back to running again.
Running with others can help get you out when you might otherwise blow it off.
So, in a way I was hedging and saying that if the Olympic stuff doesn't work out at least I can be a lawyer.
