American,Architect
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
Space is the breath of art.
The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes.
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.
There is nothing more uncommon than common sense.
The space within becomes the reality of the building.
A great architect is not made by way of a brain nearly so much as he is made by way of a cultivated, enriched heart.
The physician can bury his mistakes, but the architect can only advise his client to plant vines - so they should go as far as possible from home to build their first buildings.
Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former and have seen no reason to change.
The present is the ever moving shadow that divides yesterday from tomorrow. In that lies hope.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
No house should ever be on a hill or on anything. It should be of the hill. Belonging to it. Hill and house should live together each the happier for the other.
Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.
A man is a fool if he drinks before he reaches the age of 50, and a fool if he doesn't afterward.
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
Harvard takes perfectly good plums as students, and turns them into prunes.
Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.
Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity.
Get the habit of analysis - analysis will in time enable synthesis to become your habit of mind.
Youth is a quality, not a matter of circumstances.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
All fine architectural values are human values, else not valuable.
Toleration and liberty are the foundations of a great republic.
Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.
The architect should strive continually to simplify; the ensemble of the rooms should then be carefully considered that comfort and utility may go hand in hand with beauty.
I have been black and blue in some spot, somewhere, almost all my life from too intimate contacts with my own furniture.
God is the great mysterious motivator of what we call nature, and it has often been said by philosophers, that nature is the will of God. And I prefer to say that nature is the only body of God that we shall ever see.
A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.
I believe totally in a Capitalist System, I only wish that someone would try it.
The Lincoln Memorial is related to the toga and the civilization that wore it.
I feel coming on a strange disease - humility.
Noble life demands a noble architecture for noble uses of noble men. Lack of culture means what it has always meant: ignoble civilization and therefore imminent downfall.
Well, now that he's finished one building, he'll go write four books about it.
To look at the cross-section of any plan of a big city is to look at something like the section of a fibrous tumor.
