American,Author
It's man's nature to abuse knowledge and power, be it in the realm of science, government, or Wall Street. Take God out of the picture, and you have real trouble.
Kids are not going to sit and read a slow-paced book. Neither are adults.
Evolution is the key to avoiding the whole issue of God. When you challenge evolution, you're basically challenging someone on a spiritual level.
The logical outcome of evolution is that it makes monsters. We turn into monsters because evolution takes away everything that makes us human in the sense of our moral accountability, our moral absolutes, and our idea of being distinct from the animal kingdom.
We have a God who loves us. We are in the palm of his hand. He doesn't leave us, and He doesn't forsake us.
Some folks run from the doubt and go backward. You try for all the spiritual Band-Aids you can find... when actually, what you need to do is press forward, to accept those doubts and work through them.
The Lord God carries us throughout our lives just as a father carries his child. The Lord carried me, and He still is. He made you. He knows what you're good at. He knows what you can do and what you can become. Trust Him. Love Him. He'll always love you back.
I don't watch television.
I'm just a slow writer. I'm picky and careful and fastidious.
I don't know what idea is going to hit me when.
I wanted to write a novel where the meaning is in the story and characters and the subliminal, in the shades and nuances. It's exciting to develop that as a writer.
'Illusion' is a story of God's love and our hunger to find him when we're separated from him. If I can paint a picture of two people still in love after 40 years, that's a pretty good message.
There are writers, and there are readers who want something more. They want to get at the grist of life.
I'm trying to move a little more toward literary fiction while still retaining a popular feel.
When you are writing for the Christian culture, there is a whole gamut of expectations.
When I first started out writing the 'Darkness' books, there was, at least in my mind, a certain sort of rulebook we had to follow.
A good book or movie or screenplay should be emotionally satisfying. When they're done, you want people to breathe a deep sigh and say, 'Wow.'
The people that usually have the most trouble with my books are the ones that pick them apart from a theological point of view.
I always want to be on the cutting edge.
My earlier books, 'The Oath,' 'This Present Darkness' were pretty straight adventure. 'The Visitation' is like a deeper book, more thought-provoking. It probes at character more.
My main goal is still for the books to minister in some way, to teach a spiritual truth, to enlighten people.
I'd like to write a series that, in an adventurous and fun way, teaches kids a way to discern between good and evil, to establish a foundation on moral absolutes.
At the bottom of a Peretti novel is the biblical view of things, the Christian message. Whether you're a Christian or not, you're still going to have to deal with good versus evil.
The Gospel can stand up to scrutiny.
When people get their mind made up about something, then it's: 'Don't bother me with facts.' They've got their minds made up and dismiss you out of hand. Some people don't even give you a fair hearing.
There's a reason evolution is a hot-button issue. It's not just a matter of science, either. It's a matter of the big questions in life - why are we here, what is truth, where is our moral basis?
