American,Athlete
There's nothing I can really do but keep going out there and swinging.
I think this world needs a little more hugging in their lives.
I would like to be out there every day and be that one steady guy that everybody can lean on.
Coming in here and having fun with the guys, loving everyone, playing this game - it's a lot of fun.
I love coming home.
I don't really watch video, but I see the replay; like when I do strike out, and I'm walking back to the dugout, I look up and see if they do show the replay of me swinging and missing.
Usually, I can get the job done with guys in scoring position.
Leading off an inning you never know, I could get a bunt base hit and start a rally.
I want to represent Canada so I can represent my mother.
For me, feeling good is line drives to left field.
I stick to what got me here and what I know best. That's the same routine. I'm not going to vary it.
In the past, my success has come with sticking to one plan. That usually works. Obviously it's going to falter, and I'm going to go into slumps here and there, but stick with the plan, and hopefully it will come out successful more times than not.
You think about when you're kids and see these guys on TV, and now you're in the same clubhouse as Chipper Jones and Bobby Cox.
It's just so much fun to relax and just play baseball for a living. It's a great time in my life. I'm never going to forget it, and it's very humbling.
They said if I could deal with the pain, I should play. So, I did, and for some reason, I started hitting. It was a weird thing. I don't know if it was because I couldn't do too much, and I was just trying to stay up through the middle and not hurt myself.
Sometimes, you can get too big when you feel too good.
Usually, my track record's pretty good with guys on base.
I have one goal every single year, and that's to play every single game.
Enjoy and have fun when you're a kid, because you are a kid.
Just have fun, and just play hard, and just practice a lot.
When I played Little League, I looked up to the big leaguers, too, and collected their baseball cards.
Thrilling, thrilling to see yourself on a baseball card for the first time.
Just got to keep going out there and keep swinging. That's all I can really do. Getting work in, doing everything I can to get ready for the game.
If I don't get hits, I don't get hits, but I'm trying to get hits.
I'm going to go out there and just keep trying to get better.
I've never been a guy that's consistently hit home runs. It's always seemed to come, like, three or four in a week or two, and then I'll shut it down for a couple of weeks.
