American,Musician
That's your best friend and your worst enemy - your own brain.
My life. The life I'm living that's where all my inspiration comes from. Real life experiences.
When you're a kid, you see your parents reading the newspaper and you're like, 'God, why are they reading the newspaper?' When you're young, you're not reading the newspaper. But there comes a time in your life when the newspaper's cool.
Sometimes it's about less is more. It's about the seed. Thinking about this gigantic tree that you think is so beautiful but it started with this just seed.
I love electronic music, and I love drum and bass.
It's not about how much movement you do, how much interaction there is, it just reeks of credibility if it's real. If it's contrived, it seems to work for a while for the people who can't filter out the real and unreal.
I'm my own salesman. I can't let anybody do anything for me.
If you wanna know how not secure you are, just take a look around. Nothing's secure. Nothing's safe. I don't hate technology, I don't hate hackers, because that's just what comes with it, without those hackers we wouldn't solve the problems we need to solve, especially security.
Being in front of all these people staring at you and it helps you to dig down and become more emotional and get lost in it as you're feeding on people's energy.
When life was worrying about a car payment or a rent payment and a bill, you're so consumed with that, you really don't have time to know yourself. That's surviving and getting by.
When you reminisce aren't the times that someone's forcing you to reminisce. You reminisce other times in your life.
Prague is a dark place.
I don't hate technology, I don't hate hackers, because that's just what comes with it, without those hackers we wouldn't solve the problems we need to solve, especially security.
I'm always looking for new talent.
It's amazing how, over time, a person's perspective can be altered.
There's an insecure part of me that comes out of me, I get nervous. I don't know why, I wish I could overcome it because it gives me an anxiety feeling.
I think they'd rather us follow our hearts and I hope that's what some people will understand.
One of the things that was confusing about Limp Bizkit to some people is that our tastes were very different.
I'm an actor's director.
I love it when talented actors can bring characters to life. Anybody who wears their feelings on their sleeve and has a harder, crusty shell - like I do - is definitely protecting an inner sensitivity.
I'm a sensitive guy; I respond to things that make my eyes well up a little bit, or make me root for people. I find the human condition interesting.
When Wes came back to Limp Bizkit, we really wanted to do something different. We wanted to make a core record that we didn't care who liked or who disliked.
I love finding EPs for bands that you just discover.
There's some people who are not understanding what Limp Bizkit is about. But, then again, who am I to tell people what they can use art for or how they can interpret it?
I wouldn't support Limp Bizkit being on some snuff backyard brawling, fighting contest.
I love jazz music and sad music. I'm a sentimental guy. I'm a romantic guy.
I'm OCD beyond comparison.
I was a kid who got picked on in school, and now the guys beating up those kids were wearing red caps and using my music to fuel that aggression. But if they listen to the lyrics, the aggression is targeted at them.
I don't think my name would necessarily draw people to come see the movie. It might hurt the movie, honestly.
I didn't want to do a throwaway, mindless movie with fart jokes just to make 6-year-olds laugh. I want to provide my children with some substance.
I'm in touch with the social networks and stuff.
I am not a hater.
I don't fight people for fun.
I won't deny a song or a melody. I can't deny it.
Sometimes you feel like it's cursed when something takes so long to come out and you don't know if it's going to really come out.
Directing a movie is serious, it's not a joke.
Directing a film is a lot of work.
I want to make timeless movies.
I'm a real director.
People evolve and grow, and life is fascinating and fun and tragic.
I stopped predicting the future a long time ago.
I'm obsessed by film. I'm obsessed with music and producing and making things happen.
To walk around with an ego is a bad thing. To have confidence in yourself is a great thing.
I made a lot mistakes that I'm grateful for, because I won't make them again and I won't let my artists make them, or I'll tell them, 'Don't do this.' A lot of them still make them anyway, but you can't be told things when you're doing your own thing.
I usually find several ways to express myself: different moods, different days, different voices, different things, 'I'm lighthearted today, I'm gonna do this.'
I have always been Fred Durst and I've always been me.
I do think that some bands seem to be dabbling in the rock-hip-hop world and are not necessarily serious about it.
I love collaborating.
Once you get in a position where your rent is taken care of and you do have a job, you really get to deal with yourself and really become one with yourself. And you wake to your mind every day. That's your best friend and your worst enemy - your own brain.
