American,Actor
My old man taught me a lot of stuff in his death that I don't even know if he would have been able to teach me had he been alive. And that was to never do stuff that can jeopardize the people you love and hurt them.
I always appreciated that connection between a parent and a kid because I yearned for it so much. Growing up, I wanted a father, and because I've had this idea of what a father should be, it's exciting to finally have the opportunity to try and be that guy, to see if I can actually do it.
The first thing I did when my career started moving was to buy a small house.
I know throughout my childhood, there were many times I couldn't stand being a 'Jr.' I wouldn't want anybody else to go through that. If we'd had a boy, he wouldn't have been another Freddie Prinze.
I know how to create and make people feel something. Honestly, if I didn't do this, I would just have some minimum-wage job in New Mexico, and I would go out on the weekends and make just enough money to pay my insurance and pay for a couple beers, and that would be it.
Life is not about making dough or how many movies you can make in a year. It's about finding someone that you can share things with.
When I was in school I read a lot of comic books and pretend I was in them and kids would tease me and call me names. But now I do the same things and people say that I'm artistic and cool and I'm doing the exact same thing I did in high school.
I was raised to believe in myself. I know I'm cool. I'm not trying to brag or say I'm the man or anything like that. I don't lie or cheat, and I'm not mean to anybody. I treat people with respect.
I grew up all over the place, but the majority of my years were spent in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Speaking Spanish isn't a benefit in Hollywood.
Shooting in Brooklyn is like opening a time capsule. Nothing has changed. Everything looks like it did in the eighties.
I really fight hard to make things film where they're supposed to be filmed. If something is supposed to be in New York, then it has to be in New York.
I've heard, 'May the Force be with you' about as many times as, 'Hey, how you doing?'
I don't know if acting is genetic. Maybe it's environmental.
A couple of years ago, right before I made 'Down to You,' there was a moment when I questioned what I was doing and if it meant anything. I felt like I wasn't accomplishing anything, that the goals I'd set were silly goals. Finally, I realized I just loved acting. It was a very clear moment, and my whole life changed then.
Living life at a young age is like being a sponge thrust into the ocean. You absorb what's around you. If you're around people who are supportive and positive, that's how you look at the world.
I think success shows a person's true colors.
I would have loved to have played Spider-Man.
I don't really read magazines that much. I read comic books.
I really don't like hurting people; I like making people feel good.
High school's like another planet.
My god-father, Bob Wall, was in a couple of Bruce Lee movies, and he trained Bruce Lee when he came to America.
It's so easy to be selfish in your 20s and not want to sacrifice.
The Latinos were doing the five-name thing long before celebrities made it cool. We've been doing things like Antonio Ricardo Luis Raoul Hector Rivera for a while now.
I did '24;' it was terrible. I hated every moment of it.
It only takes 30 seconds to pluck my eyebrows, but it hurts. I have to tweeze 'em in the middle once a week. Otherwise, I look like Bert from 'Sesame Street.'
