American,Musician
I ain't giving up on myself, so if you give up on me, I ain't got nothing else to say for you.
Don't matter if you're rich, poor or whatever, you just want to be able to have your own experiences in life and listen and learn from other people.
You got one life to live. So I'm living it the way I want to live it.
You want to create your own path, no matter what situation you're in.
I want that longevity in the career, so if you don't know how to get it, you trying to chase that high, you trying to continue to chase your dreams and conquer things you never thought you could get. And you just want to get there too soon, so you taking the wrong moves to try and compensate what's not happening.
I just like being versatile, giving new styles and being creative.
Man, I wanna be there for everybody. I wanna make everybody happy, and I can't... That's why I stay in the studio.
Just wanna have plaques on plaques. That's what we goin' for.
Everybody can relate to being real or true. Somehow, someway, you want to be real and true.
My music is like a diary. I use every experience.
I'm not just a hip-hop artist; I feel like I'm a rock star.
My career choice is my career choice. Just stepping out of that zone, to be able to be a provider. I understand my position as a provider and my role as a dad also... Just being able to be comfortable with it.
If you behind me, I'm not going to look back and try and figure out what you're doing behind me.
If you're doing what you think people might like, rather than doing what you like, people will see through it.
You got to make the most of your second life. I was born Nayvadius, but now I'm Future. Should I dwell on what Nayvadius was supposed to be? I get a chance to experience life as something else. I wasn't supposed to be like this.
You get inspiration from craziest places. It's just about being creative. You gotta step outside that box, you know what I'm saying, to reach the people. You never know who can feel it, who it can connect to.
People think fashion shows take hours - it's 15 minutes. You walk in, do red carpet, take the pictures, you sit down... and then it's over.
When you grow up in something, you don't even know if it's bad or good. You just know that's how it is.
Rumours are rumours. The Internet is going to report whatever they have to speculate on.
I'm an entrepreneur. This is my life. This my career. This the way I eat.
I feel a responsibility for telling the truth.
When you're a man, you want to make decisions for your family, and sometimes the lady doesn't see what you see.
I just want to be an inspiration. I'm a rock star - I'm Future Hendrix.
Artists can most definitely control the culture of fashion. Kids and different fans look up to us for dressing pointers.
I want my money to be different. I'm not trying to have rapper money. My goal is to be able to get everything from the world that I can get.
I was shy talking about certain things, and I was shy with being honest because I didn't want people to judge me talking about fatherhood and how somebody should have my child around me.
I want to be the most melodic artist. 'His music ability, the way he write, his creativity is undeniable.' I want people to say that about me.
I want people to say, 'He evolved throughout his whole career.' I wanna be able to have the most number one records ever. The most Top 10 records ever.
It's about being creative and drawing on who you are when you wake up, and expressing yourself through fashion.
Every day, I bring out something new. You got to be prepared - you got to have a few outfits laying out for when you wake up, in case you want to change, to set the mood.
I'll always keep you guessing. I'm living up to the name. It's powerful. That's just what I do.
Man, I love being a dad. It's super fun.
It's hard to get burned out or uninspired, man.
I do everything for my family.
It don't matter who I'm working with. I just feel like I want to make the best record possible.
I've always been into fashion since I was a kid. I love fashion. I appreciate it.
My kids gotta understand: they gotta make a sacrifice, having a superstar dad.
You have to just do music, and you're becoming this entertainer, and so many people require so much of your time for different things, different obligations you have to make money, or just different obligations you have as a person in whatever the situation may be.
When I'm in the studio, I stay in the studio, like, sometimes 20 hours out the day.
The most calmest place I can be is the studio. And like, I stay in there 'cause I know, when I come out, it's back to reality. Man, if you're angry all day, man, stay in the studio.
My daddy didn't even sign my birth certificate. So I ain't never had his last name.
It takes compromise to raise a child, especially with a schedule like mine.
My kids need to be around me. And the times that I'm out of town, if I'm not too busy, they can come to me.
At times, I think, 'What would I rather be doing than music?' That's what you have to ask yourself, if you feel like you need to be somewhere else... But there's nothing else I want to do more than music. That's why I stay in the booth.
I have a crazy work ethic. I'll do 20 songs a day. I love music that much.
I don't take anything for granted. I know there are a million and one dudes who are rapping, wishing they were in my shoes.
When I first used Auto-Tune, I never used it to sing. I wasn't using it the way T-Pain was. I used it to rap because it makes my voice sound grittier.
I want to judge the nannies that's around my child. I don't want to pay for a nanny that I never met, that I never got a chance to interview. That's not the life I want for my child. I want to be involved 100 percent in all decisions made. This my flesh and blood.
I'm not trying to feed off of a concept that another artist had - that's not what I do.
I want to show my versatility and how diverse I am, how I approach the track, my rhythm, my melodies. It's something different. Sometimes, the things I do haven't ever been done.
Jupiter, Pluto, pick a planet: we can go there. I just got a bit more work to do in the music industry, and we're going to space, baby.
At the end of the day, I'm out of here - above anything.
The music I make, I'm different.
I want to keep doing what I'm doing and see how far I can go. See when it stops. See what the end is like. I want to make this moment last as long as I can make it. If I miss a day, I'm afraid I'll miss out on a smash record.
I don't even talk about being locked up in any of my songs.
Don't ask for a million dollars. Ask for the stuff that'll get you a million dollars - your health, your brain, your sanity, wisdom. Prepare me for when I do get that million. Make sure I don't go crazy, make sure I help my family.
I feel like I just wanna go back to being more underground.
'I Won' is not a love song. It's just me uplifting women in general. I'm giving women the power to treat themselves as a trophy - to show that and know it in yourself and be confident - because when they do that, whoever they're with is winning.
When you mix a record that someone else is on, you've got to send it to them. They've got to like the mix, you got to like the mix, the producer's got to like the mix. Too many people are involved!
I want to have bosses around me, 'cause at the end of the day, 10 years from now, 20 years from now, you want to make relationships to keep 'em, you know what I'm saying. So I make my relationships to keep 'em - all my relationships - not try to burn bridges that you may need to cross over one day.
I know melody. I know rhythm; I know bass guitar; I know the piano. I know everything about music that helps build the music that go along with creating the whole art form, you know what I'm saying?
I'm most comfortable when I'm in the studio and music playing.
All gigs are good gigs. There's never a bad one. Everything have a reason behind it; you just got to find that reason.
I never get starstruck.
I'm always a fan of good business moves.
I feel like I'm doing something in Atlanta that nobody ever did, as far as rap. If it happens to end up on the top 40 or the pop charts, it doesn't mean I meant to go pop. It's just where the music took me. It started at the bottom, and it rises.
People respond to something melodic.
In Atlanta, there's no limitation to where you can take your music. You can be as creative as you want to be.
Quality is everything to me, and I perfect everything I do.
My style is a part of my music. You can't be an artist and not put any thought or effort into the way you appear.
Even if it comes off natural, everyone has a fashion sense.
My fashion sense is relatable but stands out because it's my own.
Jay Z wasn't great when 2pac and Biggie was alive.
I wanna be one of those special guys. Jimi Hendrix wasn't afraid of who he was. That's the part I emulate.
