American,Writer
Stress overload makes us stupid. Solid research proves it. When we get overstressed, it creates a nasty chemical soup in our brains that makes it hard to pull out of the anxious depressive spiral.
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
Creativity can be described as letting go of certainties.
Would that there were an award for people who come to understand the concept of enough. Good enough. Successful enough. Thin enough. Rich enough. Socially responsible enough. When you have self-respect, you have enough.
Adapting to our Second Adulthood is not all about the money. It requires thinking about how to find a new locus of identity or how to adjust to a spouse who stops working and who may loll, enjoying coffee and reading the paper online while you're still commuting.
If every day is an awakening, you will never grow old. You will just keep growing.
Ah, mastery... what a profoundly satisfying feeling when one finally gets on top of a new set of skills... and then sees the light under the new door those skills can open, even as another door is closing.
The delights of self-discovery are always available.
People in grief need someone to walk with them without judging them.
We really only have two choices. Play it safe, or take a chance. For me, pulling back because of fear has always made me feel worse.
No one can control the aging process or the trajectory of illness.
The perceptions of middle age have their own luminosity.
There is no more defiant denial of one man's ability to possess one woman exclusively than the prostitute who refuses to redeemed.
I know I'm never going to probably see the Taj Mahal or, you know, climb Mt. Everest, but I can still maybe influence peoples' way of thinking by a story that I do, by something I learn about the world.
Spontaneity, the hallmark of childhood, is well worth cultivating to counteract the rigidity that may otherwise set in as we grow older.
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter into another!
Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.
Being a pathfinder is to be willing to risk failure and still go on.
When men reach their sixties and retire, they go to pieces. Women go right on cooking.
Changes are not only possible and predictable, but to deny them is to be an accomplice to one's own unnecessary vegetation.
The secret of a leader lies in the tests he has faced over the whole course of his life and the habit of action he develops in meeting those tests.
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
It is a paradox that as we reach out prime, we also see there is a place where it finishes.
Sex and older women used to be considered an oxymoron, rarely mentioned in the same breath.
Over the next few years the boardrooms of America are going to light up with hot flashes.
No sooner do we think we have assembled a comfortable life than we find a piece of ourselves that has no place to fit in.
Very few women manage to have it all; certainly not all at once.
Career-driven millennials are strategic about working obsessively while they are single and earning enough money to afford advanced education. Most are patient enough to wait until 30 or later to develop their dream.
You have a new role: family caregiver. It's a role nobody applies for. You don't expect it. You won't be prepared. You probably won't even identify yourself as a caregiver.
Family caregiving has become a predictable crisis. Americans are living longer and longer but dying slower and slower.
In 2009, I served as AARP's Ambassador of Caregiving. With a producer and cameraman, I traveled the country for months, interviewing hundreds of caregivers.
If you begin to think you are solely responsible for keeping your loved one alive and safe, you will eventually find yourself playing God. This phase can develop into an unhealthy, codependent relationship.
In the first phase of shock over, say, your mortgage being called in or your job washed out, it's essential to engage with others and share the fear, release the feelings, do fun things to take your mind off it.
We have to move from the unbridled pursuit of self-gain at the expense of others to recovering appreciation for what we gain by caring and sharing with one another.
I dare to do things - that's how I survive.
I actually like getting out of my comfort zone. It shakes me up.
Married at 23, a mother at 24, and blindsided by divorce at 28, I found myself struggling, like many young women I meet today, to strike a balance between my personal life and my career.
You don't have to feel confident to act confident. In fact, it's the most important acting job you can learn.
One of the ways we women often handicap ourselves is thinking that once we've made a decision or a commitment, we can't change.
Jill Clayburgh's life so closely paralleled mine, I feel as though a part of me lived a little through her and died a little with her.
My husband, Clay Felker, died 17 years after his first cancer due to secondary conditions that developed from treatment.
Back in 1968, when I was 30, my entire life blew up. I had a life plan, and it collapsed for no rational reason.
In rough times, pathfinders rely on work, friends, humor and prayer. They develop a support network.
Be willing to shed parts of your previous life. For example, in our 20s, we wear a mask; we pretend we know more than we do. We must be willing, as we get older, to shed cocktail party phoniness and admit, 'I am who I am.'
I found that female pathfinders generally integrate characteristics commonly associated with being women - like the capacity to be intimate - with 'male' ones like ambition and courage.
