American,Musician
You can be a singer, and you can be a guitar player, but putting them together is another animal.
But I've never considered myself any kind of heartthrob. It sounds painful.
I don't want to be anything other than what I've been trying to be lately.
I live in a bus and go from place to place and sometimes feel very detached from what's going on.
There's always some amount of gradual, slow burning destruction over the course of partying.
When I was a kid I got busted for throwing a rock through a car window and egging a house on halloween.
I like to do the splits onstage.
We have a George Foreman grill on the bus.
It's not my goal to be a famous actor.
I love to play music.
I took a lot of time to open myself up to taking chances musically.
I think listening to real classic soul material made me learn how to feel music that's sung.
I miss that sensation of a small achievement feeling like a really big deal.
I don't want to see Superman replaced with Superboy.
I happen to be a guy who also plays the piano and sings, so people automatically associate me with Billy Joel.
My dad didn't want me to play guitar. He played piano, so I chose that. And I ended up loving it.
The early Billy Joel stuff I fell in love with, like Glass Houses, is a real rock record.
When my grandfather died, I started adopting some of his accents, to sort of remind myself of him. A homage. He was a war hero, and he was really great with his hands.
Women are the first to jump on what is fashionable.
So when you start touring, women are definitely going to check you out first.
I don't take my clothes off in my videos.
So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing.
I'm very competitive, and my ego couldn't handle that lack of success.
I don't really take a step back too often to see what's going on.
I guess I'm happy that I'm getting the attention. Otherwise, I'd just be playing in a local bar in front of my family members, and I'm sure they'd get sick of that in no time.
When people put that sort of pressure on you, you're worried that people won't want to receive you.
