American,Musician
Something I stand for is being brave enough to invest in creative ideas that I firmly believe in and bringing those to life.
Keeping in touch with the people that matter is important.
Just wearing all black comes from Johnny Cash. I'm on the road so much that if I wear all black, my clothes never get dirty. You can't tell if I've worn the same shirt twice.
Word of mouth is the most valuable form of marketing, but you can't buy it. You can only deliver it. And you have to really deliver.
I try to find 15 minutes a day to just be alone without any distractions just for headspace to meditate and get my Zen on. I think that helps me get through the hecticness of the day on tour with the interviews, the sound check, the meet and greets, the show and the post-show meet and greets.
I was slicking my hair back when I was in sixth grade.
I think it's natural for a creative to be sensitive. If I'm in the studio and I write something, I think it's the greatest thing in the world; it's like my baby. I just made something out of thin air that exists now in a tangible form. It's the biggest thrill in my life.
I think when you're telling a story from inside of you that's genuine, people connect with it.
I'm on Tumblr all the time.
Touring is starting to feel more like home than home does.
I hate picking out clothes.
I always thought that one day I would be somebody. I would be successful in music, and I would have fans that cared about my music. At the same time, I really feel like an ordinary guy; I have been an ordinary guy forever.
When you sample something, you're using the crutch of borrowing chords and melodies from a song that's already great, that's already stood the test of time, that's already special. When you're trying to do it all from scratch, you're writing something brand new that has to stand on its own.
You have this ability in hip hop to be invincibly cool, and that is a part of G-Eazy.
I'm not on the radio all day long. I'm not on TV.
I just kept telling myself that ultimately, the money that my grandparents had put away to go into my college fund, that they were investing for me to go to school and get this education, it had to be worth something.
You have an entire generation of kids who grew up with the idea that music is something that you can download for free.
When I started making music, I was so heavy into the hyphy movement. That's something you only know so much about if you were right there living in it, submerged in the culture.
When I first decided I wanted to make beats and write songs and stuff like that, it wasn't like I sat down and the first thing I wrote was even halfway legit. It took a while to find my way through it.
In the past, my process would start with a sample of another song, and I'd chop it up and use that as the basis of the song that I was making.
I didn't grow up around all white people; I never wanted to gentrify hip-hop, I've never wanted to speak to an all-white audience.
I see myself as a hip-hop artist, but I never wanted to make music for a specifically white audience. That's not what I grew up around.
I had a job since I was old enough to work - since I was, like, 14.
My mom was a single parent.
When you're around somebody like E-40, all you can do is watch and learn, and soak up game.
I was fortunate to have teachers that were flexible with allowing me to miss more class than I was supposed to be able to, for the sake of being able to tour.
