American,Actor
Success is a terrible thing and a wonderful thing. If you can enjoy it, it's wonderful. If it starts eating away at you, and they're waiting for more from me, or what can I do to top this, then you're in trouble. Just do what you love. That's all I want to do.
The world is not based on fairness. Human beings can rise to fairness, can administer something that makes it fair or just. But that's not God.
I feel alone and safe in public.
I trust if your life is right, the right things will happen at the right time. If the chords are in harmony inside, I think other things will happen in the same way. That sounded highfalutin' to me once, but I believe it now.
My basic mistake in 'The World's Greatest Lover' was that I made the leading character a neurotic kook and sent him to Hollywood. I should have made him a perfectly normal, sane, ordinary person, and sent him to Hollywood. The audience identifies with the lead character.
What good is a character who's always winking at the audience to let them in on the secret?
I want to do what I can lend my talents to, but I want it to be as a human being and not as a two-dimensional character.
I've had a very good life and a very good career. I have no regrets.
I had a unique form: a Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
I love acting, especially if it's a fantasy of some kind, where it's not just realistic, it's not naturalism.
I had a daughter and lost her a long while ago. That's too sad a story to go into.
What do actors really want? To be great actors? Yes, but you can't buy talent, so it's best to leave the word 'great' out of it. I think to be believed, onstage or onscreen, is the one hope that all actors share.
I'm going to tell you what my religion is. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Period. Terminato. Finito.
My mother was suffering every day of her life, and what right did I have to be happy if she was suffering? So whenever I got happy about something, I felt the need to cut it off, and the only way to cut it off was to pray. 'Forgive me Lord.' For what, I didn't know.
I said something really stupid once. I told a friend that my mother was so beautiful, but my dad was ugly. My dad heard it and just laughed it off, but I felt guilty. It haunted me for years. I should never have said that.
I never thought of it as God. I didn't know what to call it. I don't believe in devils, but demons I do because everyone at one time or another has some kind of a demon, even if you call it by another name, that drives them.
A lot of comic actors derive their main force from childish behavior. Most great comics are doing such silly things; you'd say, 'That's what a child would do.'
Pride is not the worst of sins. In fact, it's one of the most interesting ones.
When your mother gives you confidence about anything that you do, you carry that confidence with you.
Actors fall into this trap if they missed being loved for who they really were and not for what they could do - sing, dance, joke about - then they take that as love.
I don't mean to sound - I don't want it to come out funny, but I don't like show business. I love - I love acting in films. I love it.
I write funny. If I can make my wife laugh, I know I'm on the right track. But yes, I don't like to get Maudlin. And I have a tendency towards it.
I'm funny on camera sometimes. In life, once in a while. Once in a while.
I write funny. If I can make my wife laugh, I know I'm on the right track.
What I learned from Mel Brooks was audacity - in performance as in life. Maybe you go too far, but try it.
Whatever simplicity I've achieved in writing, I think I owe most of it to Jean Renoir and Hemingway: simple, declarative sentences. I've read some very good writers, but the sentences were so long that I've forgotten what the point was.
When I'm not working on something, I seem to go through periods of depression. It helps to keep busy.
I know a lot of sad people who aren't comedians.
I didn't want to be a comedian. I wanted to be an actor - maybe a comic actor, but a real actor - by real, I mean not a comedian. I wanted to be an actor.
I never used to believe in fate. I used to think you make your own life, and then you call it fate.
I was a milksop as a kid. I had no confidence, no guts. I felt I was going to be someone else someday - someone who didn't have my weaknesses.
I've become pretty philosophical about a lot of things, including death. It doesn't get to me.
When you fall in love, and you're very young, you think that that's the love of your life. And maybe it is, but it usually doesn't turn out that way.
I'm not from Hollywood, and I'm also not one of the people who wants to do a tell-all, and I hate tell-alls. I didn't want to tell all.
I live in a small town in Connecticut, and they don't write scripts there, but I get them anyway because my agent is in Los Angeles.
I don't want to do 'Hamlet.' I don't want to do Robert Redford roles or Mel Gibson roles or Kevin Costner roles, because I'm not going to be good at them.
If there's an audience, I think they're going to expect me to be funny. But what if I'm not funny? What if I fail?
I've read everything printed in English that Freud has written. It helped me a great deal.
