American,Actress
I don't really care if people think I'm good-looking or not; it doesn't define me as a person.
If I could do anything, I'd be an engineer of some sort. I used to build robots.
I think I'm representing a new generation of Latinos - bilingual, bicultural people.
I'm bicultural, and everyone sees me as a Latina, but in my head I see myself as both Latina and American.
I love Miami; I miss it so much. I miss the beach, the peace it brings you. I love the sound and smell of the sea.
Girls like to see a guy who takes care of himself. It says a lot about him.
I love to talk about sports. I love sports; it's just something that's in my nature.
I really want to keep on opening doors for myself, and others who want to come in.
I would love to do film in Spanish.
I really like the risk takers. I like people who make those different choices on the carpet. I really like Charlize Theron. I think she's elegant and edgy as well. I love Zoe Saldana.
I'd rather just be the girl who likes to eat a lot of food.
I like when a guy has his shirt off and I can see his chest and his abs. When it's all smooth, you can see a lot.
Girls really like for doors to be opened for them. Guys should really remember that.
I could never date a guy with a pet snake.
Every woman needs a girls' night out.
Every guy should have a fantasy sports team.
I'm so excited about 'Identity Thief'. It's such a good comedy, and I'm excited for people to go out and see it!
In novelas, sometimes you get the most ridiculous situations, but you make the best of it. But novelas are a very special genre.
My character in 'Casa de mi Padre' is an ambitious woman. I had never played that kind of character before.
I knew what kind of genre 'Casa de mi Padre' was going for. But my character, specifically, I think is very real.
I don't have an idol per se.
Latinos are very passionate, and they perform a lot, and look at me, I'm talking with my hands, and this is just my normal self, so it kind of allows me to be who I am and not dumb it down.
If this acting thing doesn't work, I'd just put in my resume for NBA.com. I'm a really huge basketball fan... I'll talk all sorts of trash.
It's very important to me that people see I am an American and I was born in the States.
I've never given myself a nickname.
Making a fool out of yourself and putting it on the Internet is one of the best bonding experiences you could have.
