American,Editor
Love is the emotion that a woman feels always for a poodle dog and sometimes for a man.
The path of sound credence is through the thick forest of skepticism.
Patriotism is often an arbitrary veneration of real estate above principles.
Bad officials are the ones elected by good citizens who do not vote.
I know many married men, I even know a few happily married men, but I don't know one who wouldn't fall down the first open coal hole running after the first pretty girl who gave him a wink.
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
An optimist is a fellow who believes a housefly is looking for a way to get out.
It is also said of me that I now and then contradict myself. Yes, I improve wonderfully as time goes on.
A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled, but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy.
What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.
Common sense, in so far as it exists, is all for the bourgeoisie. Nonsense is the privilege of the aristocracy. The worries of the world are for the common people.
No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
A life spent in constant labor is a life wasted, save a man be such a fool as to regard a fulsome obituary notice as ample reward.
A man's wife is his compromise with the illusion of his first sweetheart.
Criticism is the windows and chandeliers of art: it illuminates the enveloping darkness in which art might otherwise rest only vaguely discernible, and perhaps altogether unseen.
The test of a real comedian is whether you laugh at him before he opens his mouth.
Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.
A man admires a woman not for what she says, but what she listens to.
I drink to make other people interesting.
So long as there is one pretty girl left on the stage, the professional undertakers may hold up their burial of the theater.
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.
Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.
Criticism is the art of appraising others at one's own value.
An actor without a playwright is like a hole without a doughnut.
It is only the cynicism that is born of success that is penetrating and valid.
