American,Musician
You know, legends are people like Haggard and Jones and Wills and Sinatra. Those people are legends. I'm just a young buck out here trying to keep in that same circle with the rest of 'em.
I can only say thank you and thanks also to all of the great songwriters who wrote those wonderful songs that became number ones.
I'd say three years ago we played in my hometown of San Antonio for 55,000 people at the Alamodome and walking out there with a crowd like that is just, you're excited, you're scared. There are just so many emotions going on. I still get nervous for things like that until after I sing about the first one or two songs, then I settle down.
I don't mind traveling that much when I can go somewhere and stay there for a while, but touring is different. You rarely see anything. You get there early in the morning and you're resting all day, and you go in and do a sound check, and you do the show, and then bam you're gone.
We work hard when we're in the studio, but then when we take our breaks, we walk outside and look around.
I loved making Pure Country. It was a great learning experience for me, seeing another part of the entertainment industry.
I've been blessed with the ability to sing, and that has taken me so many places I never would have gone otherwise.
I love to fish offshore for billfish, and have fished all over for them from the Bahamas, St. Thomas, Venezuela, Panama, Costa Rica, Mexico to the Texas gulf. I haven't made it to Australia yet, but someday I'm going.
I like people who are loyal to me, and I like to be loyal, too.
If twang isn't what I do, I don't know what is.
I listen to Mark Chestnutt and think he's a great singer - and he really does good material.
I love to fish. You can go hours without anything happening, and all of a sudden a big blue marlin comes into the spread and it's cockpit chaos. My dream is to catch a grander, a 1,000 pounder.
Even though I've been doing it for so long, I still feel fresh. Even when I walk out on stage, I still feel pretty much the same as I've always felt.
This is the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough.
Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys are simply the best band that ever was.
Country music is important to me, and I love it, but it's not my whole life.
I always enjoy it when I walk on stage. There were some times when I was working so much in the '80s, and I felt really burnt-out. But I'd be up there singing and not be 10,000 million miles away, you know, just opening my mouth and the words coming out.
I didn't want to be 40 or 50 years old and still playing clubs, I didn't feel like I was making any progress, and I actually gave the band notice at one point. I began to have doubts about my abilities.
I discovered in college that country music could be fun adding some swing to it.
I don't think my music's as traditional as people make it out.
I get asked sometimes 'What's the highlight of my career?' because I've been doing it for so long, and I always have a hard time coming up with something, because so many good things have happened.
I just continue to look for different material, great material, as good as I can find, and try to go in there and do as good a job as I can do in making it a record. That's all you can expect. That's all that you can do.
I love the song 'El Rey.' And for years, I never knew what the song was totally about. It was something new for me. I'd never sung a song in Spanish before. Then I got the translation and saw what a really cool song it was.
I think 'Beyond the Blue Neon' is the best I've ever done.
I think that all my albums are different enough where I don't feel like I did this the last time.
I think the melody is the first time I hear in a song and if I like the melody, then I'll pay closer attention to the lyrics.
I spend most of hunting season at the ranch. We all love to hunt whitetails, and we have a pretty good supply in South Texas. I also love to hunt elk in Arizona, mule deer in Utah, and I've been to Canada to hunt caribou.
