American,Celebrity
I love slippers, but I have five dogs. So unfortunately, I have a lot of single slippers.
My father told me when I went to college that I needed to take an accounting class. I enrolled and went the first day. I didn't understand a thing that was being said and dropped the class. I really regret that decision. I should have stuck it out and learned the basics of accounting, but I took the easy way out.
For me, being a part of the ASPCA is a great way to tie in my love for animals and my love for New York City. Whether it's fighting puppy mills or working with the NYPD to prosecute people who abuse animals or breaking up fight rings, it's an incredible part of my city life.
Marriage is not super-important to me - most end in divorce. I love the idea of being with someone forever, but I don't think it happens very often.
Marriage was coined at a time when people died when they were 30. That stability would be nice, and I am definitely open-minded about it, but I don't need it in that way some women do.
I'm not traditional at all. It's not that I'm against marriage; it just never mattered that much to me. If I was dating someone who getting married was very important to them, then absolutely. I'd have no problem. I love the idea of finding someone to be a great father figure to Jasper and to share my life with.
When I was a teenager I hated having Bloomberg as a last name and being seen simply as someone's daughter. I used to shy away from it in every way. As I got older, I began to realize that it was something I could use to make a difference in the causes I cared about. I learned to be proud of my last name.
Ivanka Trump is a close friend and just a wonderful person, mother, and businesswoman. Everyone thinks she has it all, but she always stresses that there is no such thing.
I had to take a big risk by writing my young adult book series 'The A Circuit' and putting myself out there in that way. I don't consider myself a good writer, so I had to rely on a co-writer. Still, I knew that people would judge me and my writing. I am really proud of the way the series turned out.
If I couldn't compete, I wouldn't ride. I don't ride for fun; I ride to prepare for the next competition, and everything that I do when I am in the saddle is always a calculated step in my path to the next win.
Dogs and their well-being is one of my biggest passions in life. The Michael Vick case brought the issue of dogfighting to light... he knew what he was doing and never deserved to play in the NFL again.
As a mother, I'm constantly feeling like a failure.
George Morris is a legend. I was lucky enough to have been on a number of his U.S. show-jumping teams and am constantly trying to learn from him.
Dahl was my favorite author as a child. When I got older, I discovered his adult stories and fell even more in love with him.
Voting for a politician is very different then saying you like somebody or don't like somebody.
I think anyone who has a boy would tell you that they do the sort of things that make you look at them and ask why they would do that. 'Oh right, because you're a boy.'
I like the idea of teaching kids how to lose. That's a really important lesson in life. I don't like the idea of doing leadline where everyone gets a blue ribbon. I think it's unrealistic for kids and teaches the wrong lesson.
I never spend money on hair bands. I just go to a ribbon-trimming store.
I never understood girls who give away jewelry just because it came from an ex. I consider it compensation.
Carrie Bradshaw made it okay for New York women to take fashion chances and show that they are fabulous and strong.
I only really cook for myself once or twice a week, but I cook for my dogs almost every day.
I stretch while I am brushing my teeth to save time, and my son likes to join in and thinks it's hilarious.
I try to tell myself something encouraging to get myself pumped for the day.
I read the 'New York Post' every day. It keeps me connected to my home town even when I am on the road.
I don't travel without a sleep mask or Post Its!
When I was growing up, I got a lot of, 'Oh, well, she bought the nicest horse, so of course she's going to win.' And I dealt with a lot of that.
