American,Politician
This Budget reflects a choice - not an easy choice, but the right choice. And when you think about it, the only choice. The choice to take the responsible, prudent path to fiscal stability, economic growth and opportunity.
On that terrible day, a nation became a neighborhood. All Americans became New Yorkers.
Israel is a country that respects freedom - freedom of assembly, freedom of speech and freedom of worship.
After the tragedy, New Yorkers are more united than ever in their vision, as well as in appreciation what living in freedom means - and that if we stand together, we can accomplish anything.
I knew that good people who wanted to be a part of the American dream have become trapped in dependency because the federal government and the state government had made it in their economic interest not to take a job because the benefits that they didn't work were better. I changed that.
Our decade of change has unleashed the ingenuity, creativity, and character of the most extraordinary people in the world - the people of this state, who come from every corner of the globe.
When I look at Washington today, we need to bring us together. We need to solve problems, we need to rebuild our military so we can stand up to radical Islam, we need to get our economy growing much faster by throwing out the corrupt tax code and lowering the rates.
The expansion of tobacco cessation centers is an important part of our historic and continuing effort to help smokers quit. The expansion of these centers will give even more New Yorkers the help they need to quit once and for all.
There is no moral equivalency between those who would kill using children, innocent civilians, children and adults, in their homes and in their places of worship, to that of a government that is seeking those terrorists before they can engage in that awful activity.
First, how to memorialize the heroes of 9/11; second, something that expresses our resolve.
After September 11th, nations from across the globe offered their generous assistance to the people of New York. And whenever our friends around the world need our assistance, New York is there.
Let's make New York the safest state in America - that must be our goal. Let's achieve it together.
We know that when people are safe in their homes, they are free to pursue their dream for a brighter economic future for themselves and their families.
When government accepts responsibility for people, then people no longer take responsibility for themselves.
Israel has always been and must always be America's strongest ally.
The moral equation strongly tells everyone who understands freedom, who understands morality, that Israel is engaging in a just war in defense of its people and its freedom.
Well, I know I worked for Governor Rockefeller the last time he ran for his fourth term, and I obviously ran against Governor Cuomo the time he ran for his fourth term.
I'm thinking about governing as the governor of this state, and that's what I'm going to do.
I'm very proud of what we've done with the State University and the City University. They're totally different institutions than they were when I took office.
You know, there are some areas of the state that are providing enormous help to their students; there are others where they're not doing what they can.
But, you know, all I can do is submit my budget and then make the case to the Legislature to act.
And one of the frustrating parts, but it's an inherent part of our democracy, is we have separation of powers.
I have tremendous admiration for everyone who enters the political arena so long as their goal is to do what they believe is right for the people of New York.
We passed important laws to give the authorities responsible for investigation wide powers to defend us.
For the first time federal, state and local bureaus of investigation are coordinating their effort, to serve as eyes and ears and protect us against further attacks.
We have a reliable computerized network devoted to counterterrorist activities.
