American,President
America is the land of the second chance - and when the gates of the prison open, the path ahead should lead to a better life.
Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America. These acts shatter steel, but they cannot dent the steel of American resolve.
America is a Nation with a mission - and that mission comes from our most basic beliefs. We have no desire to dominate, no ambitions of empire. Our aim is a democratic peace - a peace founded upon the dignity and rights of every man and woman.
Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.
The action we take and the decisions we make in this decade will have consequences far into this century. If America shows weakness and uncertainty, the world will drift toward tragedy. That will not happen on my watch.
Use power to help people. For we are given power not to advance our own purposes nor to make a great show in the world, nor a name. There is but one just use of power and it is to serve people.
Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.'
On September 11 2001, America felt its vulnerability even to threats that gather on the other side of the Earth. We resolved then, and we are resolved today, to confront every threat from any source that could bring sudden terror and suffering to America.
It's clearly a budget. It's got a lot of numbers in it.
I want to thank you for taking time out of your day to come and witness my hanging.
We've climbed the mighty mountain. I see the valley below, and it's a valley of peace.
To those of you who received honours, awards and distinctions, I say well done. And to the C students, I say you, too, can be president of the United States.
A dictatorship would be a heck of a lot easier, there's no question about it.
Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.
Hundreds of thousands of American servicemen and women are deployed across the world in the war on terror. By bringing hope to the oppressed, and delivering justice to the violent, they are making America more secure.
And the cornerstone of my economic policies, when I first got elected, was cutting taxes on everybody on who paid taxes.
America must not ignore the threat gathering against us. Facing clear evidence of peril, we cannot wait for the final proof, the smoking gun that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud.
We will not waver; we will not tire; we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and Freedom will prevail.
This was not an act of terrorism, but it was an act of war.
One of my proudest moments is I didn't sell my soul for the sake of popularity.
I believe a marriage is between a man and a woman.
There's no bigger task than protecting the homeland of our country.
Natural gas is hemispheric. I like to call it hemispheric in nature because it is a product that we can find in our neighborhoods.
I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together.
When I take action, I'm not going to fire a $2 million missile at a $10 empty tent and hit a camel in the butt. It's going to be decisive.
Government does not create wealth. The major role for the government is to create an environment where people take risks to expand the job rate in the United States.
I am mindful not only of preserving executive powers for myself, but for predecessors as well.
I have written a book. This will come as quite a shock to some. They didn't think I could read, much less write.
We will build new ships to carry man forward into the universe, to gain a new foothold on the moon and to prepare for new journeys to the worlds beyond our own.
I will never relent in defending America - whatever it takes.
The United States and our allies are determined: we refuse to live in the shadow of this ultimate danger.
Saddam Hussein is a homicidal dictator who is addicted to weapons of mass destruction.
States should have the right to enact laws... particularly to end the inhumane practice of ending a life that otherwise could live.
I believe that God has planted in every heart the desire to live in freedom.
You can fool some of the people all the time, and those are the ones you want to concentrate on.
Bring them on.
So, for example, a country was into recession right after I was sworn in, a dot-com bust had taken place. Then the attacks of September the 11th, and then of course the great financial meltdown in the -the fundamental question facing any presidency is how do you deal with the hand you're dealt?
Now, there are some who would like to rewrite history - revisionist historians is what I like to call them.
I think you can judge from somebody's actions a kind of a stability and sense of purpose perhaps created by strong religious roots. I mean, there's a certain patience, a certain discipline, I think, that religion helps you achieve.
I have zero desire, just so you know, to be in the limelight. I don't think it's good for the country to have a former president criticize his successor. You're not going to see me giving my opinions in the public arena, until I start selling my book. I'm going to emerge then submerge.
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.
Free nations are peaceful nations. Free nations don't attack each other. Free nations don't develop weapons of mass destruction.
You teach a child to read, and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test.
The legislature's job is to write law. It's the executive branch's job to interpret law.
The United States of America will never be intimidated by thugs and assassins. The killers will fail, and the Iraqi people will live in freedom.
I understand everybody in this country doesn't agree with the decisions I've made. And I made some tough decisions. But people know where I stand.
Only a liberal senator from Massachusetts would say that a 49 percent increase in funding for education was not enough.
Look, when you're the president, there's all kinds of things said about us. I mean, it's just the nature of the job.
I know it's going to be the private sector that leads this country out of the current economic times we're in. You can spend your money better than the government can spend your money.
The resolve of our great nation is being tested. But make no mistake, we will show the world that we will pass the test.
We will stand up for our friends in the world. And one of the most important friends is the State of Israel. My administration will be steadfast in support Israel against terrorism and violence, and in seeking the peace for which all Israelis pray.
With those attacks, the terrorists and their supporters declared war on the United States. And war is what they got.
And what's interesting, and I don't think a lot of Americans understand this fact, is that, one, most new jobs are created by small businesses; two, most small businesses pay tax at the individual income tax, or many small businesses pay tax there.
The true history of my administration will be written 50 years from now, and you and I will not be around to see it.
I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition in Washington, obviously. But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure.
The deliberate and deadly attacks which were carried out yesterday against our country were more than acts of terror. They were acts of war.
People make suggestions on what to say all the time. I'll give you an example; I don't read what's handed to me. People say, 'Here, here's your speech, or here's an idea for a speech.' They're changed. Trust me.
America is a friend to the people of Iraq. Our demands are directed only at the regime that enslaves them and threatens us. When these demands are met, the first and greatest benefit will come to Iraqi men, women and children.
Some have argued that confronting the threat from Iraq could detract from the war against terror. To the contrary, confronting the threat posed by Iraq is crucial to winning the war on terror.
Do I think faith will be an important part of being a good president? Yes, I do.
Any government that supports, protects or harbours terrorists is complicit in the murder of the innocent and equally guilty of terrorist crimes.
The tyrant has fallen, and Iraq is free.
The once all-powerful ruler of Iraq was found in a hole, and now sits in a prison cell.
For all who love freedom and peace, the world without Saddam Hussein's regime is a better and safer place.
Our Nation must defend the sanctity of marriage.
I sent American troops to Iraq to make its people free, not to make them American. Iraqis will write their own history and find their own way.
This young century will be liberty's century.
I believe in the transformational power of liberty. I believe that the free Iraq is in this nation's interests. I believe a free Afghanistan is in this nation's interest.
Iraq is no diversion. It is a place where civilization is taking a decisive stand against chaos and terror, we must not waver.
The United States prefers that Iraq meet its obligations voluntarily, yet we are prepared for the alternative.
We can't allow the world's worst leaders to blackmail, threaten, hold freedom-loving nations hostage with the world's worst weapons.
Americans are rising to the tasks of history, and they expect the same of us.
Senator Kerry has been in Washington long enough to take both sides on just about every issue.
I believe the most solemn duty of the American president is to protect the American people. If America shows uncertainty and weakness in this decade, the world will drift toward tragedy. This will not happen on my watch.
Our nation must come together to unite.
I think we ought to raise the age at which juveniles can have a gun.
We cannot let terrorists hold this nation hostile or hold our allies hostile.
We don't believe in planners and deciders making the decisions on behalf of Americans.
It is clear our nation is reliant upon big foreign oil. More and more of our imports come from overseas.
The California crunch really is the result of not enough power-generating plants and then not enough power to power the power of generating plants.
I would like to be remembered as a guy who had a set of priorities, and was willing to live by those priorities. In terms of accomplishments, my biggest accomplishment is that I kept the country safe amidst a real danger.
I just didn't want to get out there anymore; I didn't want to get back into what I call 'the swamp.' And the other reason why is I don't think it's good for the presidency for a former president to be opining about his successor. President Obama's got plenty of critics - and I'm just not gonna be one.
I had to abandon free market principles in order to save the free market system.
People forget... that we structured it so that the government, or the people, would be repaid with a really good rate of return. And as it turns out, that aspect of TARP, that's what happened.
