American,Politician
The highest patriotism is not a blind acceptance of official policy, but a love of one's country deep enough to call her to a higher plain.
I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
When I was a youngster growing up in South Dakota, we never referred to the national debt, it was always referred to as the war debt because it stemmed from World War I.
I was the guy who was constantly speaking out against the Vietnam War. I have no regrets about that.
I am fed up with a system which busts the pot smoker and lets the big dope racketeer go free.
I always thought of myself as a moderate liberal, a fighter for peace and justice. I never thought of myself as being all that far out.
I thought the Vietnam war was an utter, unmitigated disaster, so it was very hard for me to say anything good about it.
My father was a clergyman and always said: 'Hate the sin but love the sinner.'
I think the country's getting disgusted with Washington partly because of the decline of civility in government.
I seek to call America home to those principles that gave us birth.
Empathy is born out of the old biblical injunction 'Love the neighbor as thyself.'
I always thought of myself as a good old South Dakota boy who grew up here on the prairie.
I am 1,000 percent for Tom Eagleton and I have no intention of dropping him from the ticket.
The whole campaign was a tragic case of mistaken identity.
Politics is an act of faith; you have to show some kind of confidence in the intellectual and moral capacity of the public.
The longer the title, the less important the job.
You know, sometimes, when they say you're ahead of your time, it's just a polite way of saying you have a real bad sense of timing.
No man should advocate a course in private that he's ashamed to admit in public.
The Establishment center... has led us into the stupidest and cruelest war in all history. That war is a moral and political disaster - a terrible cancer eating away at the soul of our nation.
My dad was a Methodist minister.
I'm what a normal, healthy, ideal American should be like.
I've enjoyed myself 90 percent of the time.
It really is true that an orator is simply a good man who speaks well.
I move ahead, I live.
I met my wife in South Dakota.
I was tired. I hadn't slept eight hours in two, three years. I lived on four, five hours of sleep. You can do it during a campaign because thousands are screaming for you. You're getting adrenaline shots each day. Then the campaign ends, and there are no more shots.
If you're Iran's minister of defense, I think you'd try to develop at least one nuclear weapon to save yourself from what happened to Iraq.
I firmly believed throughout 1971 that the major hurdle to winning the presidency was winning the Democratic nomination. I believed that any reasonable Democrat would defeat President Nixon. I now think that no one could have defeated him in 1972.
For 50 years, the Republicans have been accusing the Democrats of being soft on national security.
There is a strong tendency in the United States to rally round the flag and their troops, no matter how mistaken the war.
It's a tough thing, to know what to do about a war that deep in your gut you feel is wrong and yet watch your peers going off to fight in that war.
Democrats believe that the federal government is not our enemy, it's our partner.
People didn't have the political guts to stand up against an American war.
Somehow politicians have become convinced that negative campaigning pays off in elections.
I suppose politicians have always wanted to get re-elected, but there's a kind of a feeling now that if you just discredit your opposition, it makes it easier for you to win. I don't think that's necessarily true.
I'm a movie buff.
I wish I had known more firsthand about the concerns and problems of American businesspeople while I was a U.S. senator and later a presidential nominee. That knowledge would have made me a better legislator and a more worthy aspirant to the White House.
Under the guise of protecting us from ourselves, the right and the left are becoming ever more aggressive in regulating behavior.
I've come to realize that protecting freedom of choice in our everyday lives is essential to maintaining a healthy civil society.
Everyone is exposed to economic risks of some kind.
I seek the presidency because I believe deeply in the American promise and can no longer accept the diminishing of that promise.
I make one pledge above all others - to seek and speak the truth with all the resources of mind and spirit I command.
