American,Actor
I don't think anyone is black and white and I think we change our minds and our attitudes about certain things as we grow to our maturity.
I always wanted to be a boy scout but was too poor. Couldn't do it.
People who have not done their research on me do not know that I am European, born in Copenhagen, Denmark to an Italian father from Napoli and a mother from Alabama who was singing opera and went to Europe, met my dad, fell in love, and then moved back to Rome, where I was raised, between Rome and Hamburg.
What I love about 'Breaking Bad' is the reflection of many people's - it's more real in terms of people have faults, people have character traits that they don't like about themselves. It resembles more of what the human journey really is and it's less fantastic and hero-driven than other characters and shows that we watch.
I love the smell of fried chicken.
I believe acting is very physical, and when you have to fight or do those kinds of things, it takes a lot of respect not to allow yourself to go off and hurt yourself or someone else.
I love to read, and I like the fact that there's some silence in my life.
When you're speaking Spanish, you're thinking in a different way.
I have from time to time been a double A or triple A personality. I'm not anymore. I'm more lenient on myself.
I try to be careful with my persuasiveness. When my heart is really behind it, and when I have no ulterior motive, then I know I'm truly persuasive.
Yoga is a big part of my life now. There's not a day that goes by where I don't do an Asana and mediation practice.
I never like to refer back to anything I've done when I'm working on a character, even if that character has the same occupation.
I'm not too into fast food, but you know if I was, it would be chicken.
I look at 'Breaking Bad' as a show about the American family.
Middle-class people are becoming desperate. It can cause a moral man to break bad.
I'm a big fan of period pieces, and I'm a big fan of the old-time westerns.
I had to work from a young age.
I can fish from a stick and a string.
When I perform on stage, you have to remember my performance or buy another ticket to the party! In television and film, you can see it over and over again.
I think many people have contradictions to them and I love characters that deal with those contradictions.
I do play villains.
For me, what I try to heal is the major thing that I think all of us go through, where we came from. From our family of origin.
I came from a divorced mother and father, obviously mixed race.
Luis Bunuel made great movies.
I'm impatient sometimes.
After 'Breaking Bad,' people are very frightened of who I am. They back away from me on the street.
