American,Politician
The difference between a dream and a goal is a deadline.
I've done a lot of deals, and I'm skilled at negotiating, managing personalities, and getting parties to the table.
My vision for a better Rhode Island starts with a simple idea - we are all in this together.
I am a mother with kids in the public schools. People should know that. I'm not just some policy maker who's totally detached from the rest of the community.
Don't ignore big problems, and don't try to pretend that problems are smaller than they are.
I think the Founding Fathers probably knew what they were doing in setting up the government to have a healthy tension between the executive branch and the legislative branch.
We've just got to keep going. More. More work, more action, more results.
In business, we use certain principles to measure performance, and I envision applying those principles in the public sector.
I want to hold government accountable and help create a more efficient and effective government.
If you want to have a big impact, government is the way to do it. Just think of the number of people you can touch.
Businesses want to be in places where there is a deep talent pool.
We can just keep doing it the way we're doing it. We can attack everybody for small-minded things and crush everybody with a new idea. And where are we going to be? Where we are now - behind. Or we can embrace new things and try to be positive and let everybody play a role.
The single greatest under-utilized resource we have as a nation is women and girls.
If we could find a way to totally empower half of the brains in America, imagine how much more productive we could be.
Every single day I've been governor, I hear from a little girl who thinks it's the greatest thing ever that we have a woman governor.
Democrats and all public servants just need to be honest. If we have schools that aren't working ... we need to face the facts and fix them.
Almost every day, people will say to me some version of, 'You're so much nicer in real life.' I guess I come across as not nice.
I guess whenever I'm in the paper, it's dealing with bridges falling apart, budget problems, pension crises - and saying we have to tackle these problems.
The governor's not allowed to drive. That's part of the life you accept.
I've been told I'm a workaholic.
A government that doesn't work is in no one's interest.
Budgets that don't balance, public programs that aren't funded, pension funds that are running out of money, schools that aren't funded - How does that help anyone?
I don't really care if you're a Republican or Democrat or you want to fight about the size of government. How about a government that just works? Put your tax dollar in and get a return out the other end.
I respect public employees and school teachers. They deserve a secure retirement.
If I'm a CEO, I want to be in a place where the government works.
During my four years as treasurer, we restructured our pension system, cutting the state's unfunded liability almost by half and putting our retirement system on stronger footing.
I am a proponent of investing in infrastructure... and, if we can use state resources to make ProvPort more prosperous and successful, then that will benefit the whole state.
There's lots of people driving on the roads who don't have licenses. They're still going to work, still going to school. I want them to get a license and insurance so they're driving safely.
People talk about Social Security. There is no parallel between Rhode Island's pension and Social Security.
You can raise taxes on the rich in America! We should raise taxes on the rich in America. But we can't do that in Rhode Island.
I want to show two things. One, that Democrats can solve big problems and get things done. And two, that as a public official, you can make tough choices, do the right things for the right reasons, and upset some people. And still get elected.
What we have to do is support business, but also support our workers with job training programs and with reasonable wages.
We have to get past this persistent negativity. The negativity has held Rhode Island back for a long time.
