American,Businesswoman
The only way you survive is you continuously transform into something else. It's this idea of continuous transformation that makes you an innovation company.
Growth and comfort do not coexist.
Above and beyond, not only are we an innovation company, we are in service of our clients.
Some people call this artificial intelligence, but the reality is this technology will enhance us. So instead of artificial intelligence, I think we'll augment our intelligence.
Planes don't fly, trains don't run, banks don't operate without much of what IBM does.
Think about when a digital business marries up with what I'll call 'digital intelligence.' It is the dawn of a new era about being a 'cognitive' business. When every product, every service, how you run your company can actually have a piece that learns and thinks as part of it, you will be a cognitive business.
When you remove layers, simplicity and speed happen.
If it's digital, it will be cognitive. If you think that, you're going to change the way you run a business.
You have to stick up for what you believe in. And that, to me, is the biggest thing you can do about driving inclusion.
Today when I think about diversity, I actually think about the word 'inclusion.' And I think this is a time of great inclusion. It's not men, it's not women alone. Whether it's geographic, it's approach, it's your style, it's your way of learning, the way you want to contribute, it's your age - it is really broad.
You've got to keep reinventing. You'll have new competitors. You'll have new customers all around you.
If I have learned nothing else in all my years here, my biggest lesson is you have to constantly reinvent this company. That's how you get to be 103 years old.
Every day I get to 'Think' and work on everything from digitizing electric grids so they can accommodate renewable energy and enable mass adoption of electric cars, helping major cities reduce congestion and pollution, to developing new micro-finance programs that help tiny businesses get started in markets such as Brazil, India, Africa.
I'm the ninth CEO of IBM. Every one of my predecessors has steered through a technological shift, and every one left the company in a better position than the person before them and prepared this company with a very strong balance sheet to allow it to continue to invest for the next shift.
What I knew was I liked math and science, and I never wanted to memorize everything. I wanted to understand where it came from.
Never love something so much that you can't let go of it.
You make the right decision for the long run. You manage for the long run, and you continue to move to higher value. That's what I think my job is.
The ultimate competitive advantage is being cognitive.
Don't let others define you. You define yourself.
Steward for the long term. It's not always easy, but you do it.
Watson augments human decision-making because it isn't governed by human boundaries. It draws together all this information and forms hypotheses, millions of them, and then tests them with all the data it can find. It learns over time what data is reliable, and that's part of its learning process.
Someone once told me growth and comfort do not coexist. And I think it's a really good thing to remember.
As I tell all our folks, the only reason we exist - make no mistake - is our clients.
You define yourself by either what your clients want or what you believe they'll need for the future. So: Define yourself by your client, not your competitor.
You build your own strategy. You don't define it by what another competitor is doing.
I strongly believe that through dedication and perseverance, one can overcome adversity to achieve success. It is a privilege to accept membership in the Horatio Alger Association, an organization which promotes this principle.
What has always made IBM a fascinating and compelling place for me is the passion of the company, and its people, to apply technology and scientific thinking to major societal issues.
Clients say, 'What's your strategy,' and I say, 'Ask me what I believe first.' That's a far more enduring answer.
I think, particularly in our tech industry, this is an industry that has violent innovation and then commoditization, and it's a cycle of innovation/commoditization.
I've got a distribution system that goes to 170 countries. If I acquire properly, you know, you may be successful in one or two countries, or one place; I can scale, and that's part of the value that IBM brings.
Every part of your business will change based on what I consider predictive analytics of the future.
As I say to our own team: 'Never protect your past, never define yourself by a single product, and always continue to steward for the long-term. Keep moving towards the future.'
I think, given who the IBM target company is, I feel our purpose is to be essential to our clients.
No matter what it is, you put too much, your heart and soul in it, you have to be passionate about it. You make too many sacrifices.
I ask everyone's opinion when they don't speak up. And then when they have an opinion, I'll ask others to talk about it.
It's easy to have an act one and two. Go ahead and have an act three, four, and five. The saying is the easy part. The doing is the hard part.
I don't think anybody's just B2B or B2C anymore. You are B2I - business to individual.
Artificial intelligence is one of 50 things that Watson does. There is also machine learning, text-to-speech, speech-to-text, and different analytical engines - they're like little Lego bricks. You can put intelligence in any product or any process you have.
I am very practical.
My mom had not worked a day in her life, and then she woke up when I was 15 and found herself with four children, no job, no money. But she set out and made it all OK for us, and from that, I saw that there's no problem that can't be solved.
You need to have a great support around you, people that empathise, understand and yet support, because these CEO jobs are all-consuming.
If you step back and look at technology from every era, it has displaced jobs but also created a lot of jobs.
One day we're going to look back, and whatever this era will get called, it's going to put a premium on math and science.
When my father left us, my mother went back to school immediately. She went to school in the day while we were at school, and she worked at night. She worked very hard to never let someone define her as a victim or a failure.
If we would change the basis and align what is taught in school with what is needed with business... that's where I came up with this idea of 'new collar.' Not blue collar or white collar.
One of the most important topics I think for us all to work on is job creation.
The recommendation when I'm mentoring folks, I always tell them - and we talked about this last year - take a risk.
I am big on - even with our whole team - it's always about, well, what were the lessons learned? Something didn't work out? What are the lessons learned? What are the lessons learned?
This idea of 'New Collar' says for the jobs of the future here, there are many in technology that can be done without a four-year college degree and, therefore, 'New Collar' not 'Blue Collar,' 'White Collar.' It's 'New Collar.'
The ability to please your shareholders comes because of what you do for clients.
I've always looked for challenges, and I have found plenty.
Some people make their choice on size. I happen to not be a believer in that. I've often said, especially in an industry that's clamoring for growth, if I wanted size, I wouldn't have divested $8 billion of businesses.
When you manage your company for long-term shareholders, and you manage the company for clients, two of the biggest stakeholders, you will make the right decisions.
When you're on a scale like we are in 170 countries and hundreds of thousands of people, you have a single point of view.
The social network will be the new production line.
With this emergence of big data and social mobility, you will, in fact, see the death of 'average,' Instead, you will see the era of you.
Digital, it is not the destination.
This century, the 21st century, will be the Indian century - and I really believe that.
India will not be at the center - it will be the center of this fourth technology shift.
India... what a big part you play in this story for IBM and for the world.
We share no data with the government anywhere in the world.
I never look at an acquisition really by size.
I think health care is absolutely ripe. It's an $8 trillion industry, lots of inefficiency in it.
Everyone talks about how much data's in the world. Except, actually, 80% of it is pretty blind to computers. I mean, it can store it. But if it's a movie, a poem, a song, it doesn't know what it's actually saying or doing.
You can engineer change.
It will not be a world of man versus machine. It will be a world of man plus machines.
You will have many more goals in the years ahead. But do not confuse a goal with a purpose.
I have a great job at a great company.
When I think of revenue growth, I think of the words 'mix' and 'shift.'
There will be times you make decisions that actually detract from growth.
Just because you started your careers in a certain role, let's say hardware engineering, does not mean you'll end your careers in hardware.
