American,Actress
The best thing I have is the knife from Fatal Attraction. I hung it in my kitchen. It's my way of saying, Don't mess with me.
Bunny boiler is now part of our language, and I'm proud of that.
It always amazes me to think that every house on every street is full of so many stories; so many triumphs and tragedies, and all we see are yards and driveways.
Love makes no sense at all. But it's the most powerful and amazing force in the entire universe.
Diva has a negative connotation.
Celebrity is death - celebrity - that's the worst thing that can happen to an actor.
You have to love the characters you play, even if no one else does.
With the hugely talented women I've worked with or observed, it's not a question about temperament or ego; it's a question about getting it right. If they've got a reputation for being difficult it's usually because they just don't suffer fools.
When they tested Fatal Attraction, the audiences were so upset by her behavior, they literally demanded her blood.
When I hear that somebody's difficult, I think, Oh, I can't wait to work with them.
We were fortunate enough to have several good books detailing the camps and the women. Some were by the survivors. I also got to talk to some of the women who had been in the camp, survivors.
We have to be vulnerable as actors, but we have to protect ourselves.
There's something about a catharsis that is very important.
There are a lot of big spec houses now all across Connecticut, a lot of ostentatious showing of wealth.
It's not good to be in a situation where people don't want to direct you or don't want to question something.
It puts you in a kind of a strange situation where everybody is looking at every little thing you do.
It is very difficult for girls. They're told to look one way, but to act another way.
Ismail Merchant was just the most seductive, passionate, outrageous, driven, genius of a man.
I've been sacrificing my life for my work for 30 years, and now I want it the other way around. I want to find work that fits into my life and that would be based here.
I'm an actor, that's my contribution.
I think there are certain actors that have that kind of energy about them, that taking over a room energy.
I think the diva is kind of a cliche. My definition of a diva is somebody whose talent does not match what they're trying to play, so all this temperament comes out.
I never got into this business thinking I'd be like a movie star.
I knew the term Stepford Wife, and I knew what that meant. I never read the book, and I think before I started filming I watched the movie. I thought it was very dated.
I had a great time on The Shield. From working on it I have a totally different view of law enforcement.
I had a dresser who literally squeezed me in like Scarlett O'Hara in Gone With The Wind.
