American,Lawyer
There are some people who still feel threatened by strong women. That's their problem. It's not mine.
Male privilege and entitlement are dying a very painful death; no one gives up power without a struggle.
The more I know about men the more I like dogs.
Fighting injustice keeps you young.
It is very frightening to feel alone when you are standing against a rich and powerful person and all his attendant helpers.
I'm not interested in dating. I like being with my own best friend, me. Certain women, particularly older women, cannot believe I like going to a social event by myself. But I do.
Eventually I figured out there was something systematic in the way women are treated.
I have known some wonderful men.
When I graduated from the University of Pennsylvania I had a baby in one arm, a diploma in the other and I didn't know where I was going in life.
I was a single mother when my child was little.
I could have had someone else take care of my child but I did it because that was my moral obligation and also it was a joy and I felt it was in the best interests of the child.
I'm entitled to collect my fair share of community property without being called names.
I have two grandchildren.
I actually feel most relaxed when I'm working.
People who are pierced should not be snickered at, should not become the object of ridicule, should not be singled out for special and uneven and unequal treatment. They should be respected just like everybody else.
Because of my life experiences, I understand that I have an opportunity to help other women. I have the desire and the ability.
There still is a war on women in terms of politicians in Washington and the state legislatures trying to eliminate any rights we have fought to win and that the Supreme Court has afforded us.
Women will no longer be silent when they suffer injustices against them.
It's not my fault if the media and the public are more interested in Tiger Woods than in women farm workers.
There are endless new variations on how to hurt a woman physically, emotionally, financially, and socially.
I'm not an elected official who puts a finger in the wind to see what the majority thinks; I represent women, whether they're popular or not.
Do feminists have a sense of humor? Yes.
I'm proud that my clients are working to support themselves and those who depend on them.
I have represented people in book deals.
I cannot take every case that people ask me to take.
I'm pretty tough.
