American,Educator
The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom.
Intellectual curiosity drove Einstein to some of the world's most important discoveries.
So if a college education is indispensable, the challenge as I see it is how to make it more accessible.
I believe that it is higher education's purpose and calling to keep open the door to the American dream.
A truly great university is a nucleus of artistic expression. It fosters creative, critical thought, and serves as a platform for civil discourse.
I have a passion for academic life, a passion for students and for the ability and the narrative of a university to make a difference in the world in which they reside.
To be sure, American higher education is a diverse ecosystem, comprising institutions of all sizes, price tags, and mission statements.
The universities of the 21st century are going to be the smokestacks of the century.
I spent the first 18 years of my life in the pastoral town of Vernal, Utah, in the shadows of the Book Cliffs and the Uinta Mountains.
I simply take serious issues seriously, but I do not take myself seriously.
What do I know about college football? I look like Orville Redenbacher. I have no business talking about college football.
I am not a scientist. I have never analyzed the far reaches of the solar system through the lens of a telescope nor scrutinized cancer cells under a microscope.
When the fabric of the universe becomes unknown, it is the duty of the university to produce weavers.
Continue to surprise those who would put you in a neat demographic. Be insistently curious.
Being president of a major public university is the most political nonpolitical office around.
People look at me like I'm crazy when I say that our greatest partnership here at Ohio State should be with the community colleges.
I am a bit odd. I am somewhat evangelical. But I am not crazy.
I believe everything learned in college is an answer to a question that someone has posed. Questions get posed differently and the answers that come back transport us to places we never knew existed.
I often have said that to be a college president, you need a thick skin, a good sense of humor, and nerves like sewer pipes.
As one of the country's largest land-grant universities, Ohio State must play a critical role in moving our country forward.
Founded when Abraham Lincoln believed education could lead the nation out of its darkest days, Ohio State now provides a powerful platform of interdisciplinary academic programs, world-class scholars, outstanding students, and extensive research capabilities.
The Ohio State University has a rich - if quiet - heritage of the arts.
College graduates work in every sector of the American economy, and the research engines incubated within our universities generate a wealth of ideas and innovations that have an enormous impact on our lives.
Everyone wrote our obituary but us and the coaches and the kids who stayed with us. The obit was, 'Vanderbilt will have to leave the Southeastern Conference. All the coaches are leaving, and all the students are transferring.'
I think we can be competitive on and off the field and create a model where our athletes are scholars and learners, too.
I'm the seventh chancellor at Vanderbilt; Bobby Johnson is the 25th head football coach. That shows a lack of commitment to attract and retain.
I believe that the future is determined by the great public universities. They educate 80 percent of the students and make the American Dream available.
What I should do is go over to the surgical suites and get my foot extricated from my mouth.
Poland not only has a capable military but also is strong economically and does not need money being raised for it.
Online is ridiculous. Places like Ohio State bring people here together, and students teach each other.
