American,Clergyman
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
You can't build a great building on a weak foundation. You must have a solid foundation if you're going to have a strong superstructure.
Marriage, in its truest sense, is a partnership of equals, with neither exercising dominion over the other, but, rather, with each encouraging and assisting the other in whatever responsibilities and aspirations he or she might have.
Every good citizen adds to the strength of a nation.
People are looking for stability in a shaky world. They want something they can get hold of that's firm and sure and an anchor in the midst of all of this instability in which they're living.
I am satisfied that every man or woman who goes to the temple in a spirit of sincerity and faith leaves the house of the Lord a better man or woman.
Life is precious. Life is sacred. And it ought so to be observed.
Do you feel gloomy? Lift your eyes. Stand on your feet. Say a few words of appreciation and love to the Lord. Be positive.
The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.
I am suggesting that as we go through life, we 'accentuate the positive.' I am asking that we look a little deeper for the good, that we still our voices of insult and sarcasm, that we more generously compliment and endorse virtue and effort.
Missionary work has never been easy, and yet the joyful rewards cannot be equaled by any other experience.
Every sacrament meeting ought to be a spiritual feast.
Meekness implies a spirit of gratitude as opposed to an attitude of self-sufficiency, an acknowledgement of a greater power beyond oneself, a recognition of God, and an acceptance of his commandments.
My wife once said that one of her great ambitions was to walk down the streets of Hong Kong with her children. So we all went to Asia on one occasion. Then she said she'd like to walk down the streets of Jerusalem with her children. So we arranged our family finances and all went to Jerusalem.
The smallest gesture can mean to much to those who may need a little lift in their lives.
Study a foreign language if you have opportunity to do so. You may never be called to a land where that language is spoken, but the study will have given you a better understanding of your own tongue or of another tongue you may be asked to acquire.
To you wives who are constantly complaining and see only the dark side of life, and feel that you are unloved and unwanted, look into your own hearts and minds. If there is something wrong, turn about. Put a smile on your faces. Make yourselves more attractive. Brighten your outlook.
Jesus said, 'Except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.' There are no exceptions. Baptism is a necessary ordinance.
Where ever the spirit of Christ is known, there is much of good will, of mutual respect, of love and appreciation and kindness.
As we give presents at Christmas, we need to recognize that sharing our time and ourselves is such an important part of giving.
Eternal vigilance is the price of eternal development.
If there were no immortality there would be no need for temples. There would be no need for eternal marriage if there were no eternity.
Conflict grows out of ignorance and suspicion.
At the end of our lives, we step across the threshold or death and enter into a new and better world. I believe that. It's just that simple.
We live in a world that is filled with filth and sleaze, a world that reeks of evil. You cannot afford that filthy poison to touch you. Stay away from it. Avoid it.
Choose your friends carefully. It is they who will lead you in one direction or the other.
We live in a world of shifting values. The family is falling apart. Parents failing in what they ought to do.
With all my heart, I plead with the Latter-day Saints to live honestly with the Lord in the payment of tithes and offerings. I plead with youth to establish this habit while you are still young and to resolve to continue with it all the days of your lives.
Through reading the scriptures, we can gain the assurance of the Spirit that that which we read has come of God for the enlightenment, blessing, and joy of his children.
There is need occasionally to leave the noise and the tumult of the world and step within the walls of a sacred house of God, there to feel His Spirit in an environment of holiness and peace.
My heart reaches out to you missionaries. You simply cannot do it alone and do it well. You must have the help of others. That power to help lies within each of us.
Sister Hinckley and I are learning that the so-called golden years are laced with lead.
I would enjoy sitting in a rocker... listening to soft music and contemplating the things of the universe. But such activity offers no challenge and makes no contribution.
The most persuasive gospel tract is the exemplary life of a faithful Latter-day Saint.
If you have a temper, now is the time to learn to control it. The more you do so while you are young, the more easily it will happen.
I do not fear truth. I welcome it. But I wish all of my facts to be in their proper context.
When you touch the life of a man of this generation, that influence is felt through generations yet to come.
I thank the Lord for the great principle of repentance and forgiveness.
Until I got older, I never dreamed of what a demanding responsibility it is to keep food in the pantry, to keep clothing neat and presentable, to buy all that is needed to keep a home running.
My children are now all grown. Some are in their 60s. But when they call and I answer the phone, they say, 'How are you?' And before I can answer, they ask, 'Is Mother there?'
You have to establish in your life some sense of prioritizing things, of giving emphasis to the important things and of laying aside the unimportant things that will lead to nothing.
The whole essence of the Christian religion is based on the atonement of Christ, his death and his resurrection.
I don't think that the Internet has contributed greatly to immorality.
I think the world would be much poorer without religion, speaking generally.
I think that the churches do a better job in many respects than the government does in various kinds of things. Extending aid, the helpfulness, and so on, yes.
When all is said and done, the greatest satisfaction you'll have in this life as you grow old will be seeing your children grow in righteousness and faith and goodness as citizens of the society of which they are a part.
I spent one night in the hospital in my life. I was past 75 when that occurred.
Every righteous man or woman is entitled to revelation concerning his own affairs.
We're all sons and daughters of God, and therefore in a very literal sense, brothers and sisters. And we ought to treat each other that way.
Knowledge, learning, is an eternal thing.
We all know that education unlocks the door of opportunity for the young.
You don't need coffee. Nobody needs coffee. You can get along without it.
Every individual in the church is free to think as he pleases.
People seem to be looking for discipline in a topsy-turvy world.
It is not a mark of manhood to carelessly use the name of the Almighty or of His Beloved Son in a vain and flippant way, as many are prone to do.
Did you ever think that your body is holy? You are a child of God. Your body is His creation.
I have yet to find a faithful tithe payer who cannot testify that in a very literal and wonderful way the windows of Heaven have been opened and blessings have been poured out upon him or her.
How grateful I am for the law of tithing. It is the Lord's law of finance.
If there were more temple work done in the Church, there would be less of selfishness, less of contention, less of demeaning others.
Eligibility for a temple recommend is not based on financial worth. That has nothing whatever to do with it. It is based on consistent personal behavior, on the goodness of one's life. It is not concerned with money matters, but rather with things of eternity.
I feel to invite women everywhere to rise to the great potential within you. I do not ask that you reach beyond your capacity. I hope you will not nag yourselves with thoughts of failure. I hope you will not try to set goals far beyond your capacity to achieve. I hope you will simply do what you can do in the best way you know.
The Almighty, if necessary, may have to shake the nations to humble them and cause them to listen to the servants of the living God. Whatever is needed will come to pass.
Any investigator worthy of baptism becomes a convert worthy of saving.
The work of the Lord is done by ordinary people who work in an extraordinary way.
With small means the Lord accomplishes His marvelous work.
I do not concern myself much with reading long commentary volumes designed to enlarge at length upon that which is found in the scriptures. Rather, I prefer to dwell with the source, tasting of the unadulterated waters of the fountain of truth - the word of God as he gave it and as it has been recorded in the books we accept as scripture.
We cannot be unclean and expect the help of the Almighty.
Every convert is a son or daughter of God.
There is no substitute for marrying in the temple.
There is nothing we could do of greater importance than to have fortified in our individual lives an unshakable conviction that Jesus is the Christ, the living Son of the living God.
The problem is, I think, that so many of us pray as if we are ordering groceries. We pick up the telephone and say, 'Is this the right place to place my order?' and we proceed right to dictating our order. When we have then ended that list, we hang up.
Pray in faith.
I submit that in the few minutes that Joseph Smith was with the Father and the Son, he learned more of the nature of God the Eternal Father and the risen Lord than all the learned minds in all their discussions through all centuries of time.
The gospel is not a philosophy of repression, as so many regard it. It is a plan of freedom that gives discipline to appetite and direction to behavior.
My heart goes out to a missionary who does not receive regular mail from home. Generally, a letter once a week is a good rule. But on the other hand, too much mail can be damaging to a missionary's morale.
Be virtuous in thought and in deed. God has planted in you, for a purpose, a divine urge which may be easily subverted to evil and destructive ends.
When you are young, do not get involved in steady dating. When you reach an age where you think of marriage, then is the time to become so involved.
The world is starved for spiritual food.
Small aberrations in doctrinal teaching can lead to large and evil falsehoods.
We have come to Earth in this great season in the long history of mankind. It is a marvelous age - the best of all.
Determine that there will never be anything that will come between you that will disrupt your marriage. Make it work. Resolve to make it work.
There is far too much of divorce, wherein hearts are broken, and sometimes lives are destroyed.
In missionary work, as in all else, preparation precedes power. Encouragement to prepare while still very young can make a tremendous difference.
Our bodies... are the tabernacles of our spirits.
Truth will prevail.
Fear comes not from God but from the evil one.
I promise you that the time will come, if you have tattoos, that you will regret your actions. They cannot be washed off. They are permanent. Only by an expensive and painful process can they be removed. If you are tattooed, then probably for the remainder of your life you will carry it with you.
I cannot understand why any young man - or young woman, for that matter - would wish to undergo the painful process of disfiguring the skin with various multicolored representations of people, animals, and various symbols.
I hope that if you are employed full-time, you are doing it to ensure that basic needs are met and not simply to indulge a taste for an elaborate home, fancy cars, and other luxuries.
It has been my privilege on various occasions to converse with presidents of the United States and important men in other governments. At the close of each such occasion, I have reflected on the rewarding experience of standing with confidence in the presence of an acknowledged leader.
The Savior of all mankind left the ninety and nine to find the one lost. That one who was lost need not have become lost.
When the 'Book of Mormon' was first published, some of those who believed in it taught it to others and testified of it.
There is dissatisfaction among a great many Christian people. They are not happy with what they have and, therefore, respond readily to the message of the restored gospel.
The biggest challenge facing a missionary today is to forget himself and lose himself in the work.
We are all prone to be a little selfish, a little lazy.
I have many friends of other religions, and I am satisfied that they are very conscientious, good people who are trying to do good. I appreciate that.
Seek to establish an environment conducive to study in the home.
Nothing's too good for the Lord.
Oh, I don't think religion has failed. It's man who has failed. Christ hasn't failed. The Gospel hasn't failed. The teachings of God have not failed.
I've been blessed so abundantly that I can never get over it. I just feel so richly blessed that I want to extend that to others wherever I can.
I have two sons. Good sons. They're both businessmen.
In the underdeveloped countries, we have young men and women, many of them of capacity but without opportunity to improve themselves. They cannot do so without help.
Today is a part of eternity.
The Lord is forgiving, but sometimes life is not forgiving.
It is difficult for me to understand the tragic accounts of troubled marriages that come to me.
Some husbands regard it as their prerogative to compel their wives to fit their standards of what they think to be the ideal.
Unfortunately, some women want to remake their husbands after their own design.
Some of you, unfortunately, will never marry in this life. That turns out to be the case sometimes. If that happens, do not spend your life grieving over it. The world still needs your talents. It needs your contribution.
If you are a good missionary, you will return home with the desire to continue to serve the Lord, to keep His commandments, and to do His will.
Opportunities for sharing the gospel are everywhere.
A nation will rise no higher than the strength of its homes.
We all exercise agency in the choices we make.
Brigham Young had a prophetic vision.
I've tried to recognize my wife's individuality, her personality, her desires, her background, her ambitions.
Children can be disciplined with love.
I've never been a believer in the physical punishment of children. I don't think it is necessary.
