American,Musician
Through literacy you can begin to see the universe. Through music you can reach anybody. Between the two there is you, unstoppable.
I don't want to see old people doing rap or rock and roll. It makes me cringe.
If you were to say to me that I couldn't paint, I would write. If I couldn't write, I would be a set designer. As long as I'm creating something, I'm happy.
If I were gay, life would be a lot simpler. I'm kind of annoyed that I'm not.
When you get older, it's not about what you did that you regret, it's what you didn't do.
Woodstock - I didn't see anybody play, except when I was standing backstage waiting to go on, because it was so muddy. And the weather was so horrible, you literally couldn't get there except by helicopter.
I don't imagine my parents are too excited about my kind of life. The surrounding weirdness bothers them. Still, I think they're pretty good. Their lives are based on what their friends think, just like ours are.
You can't make people change, but the organizers of WorldFest hope that people consider being vegetarian for both moral and health reasons.
Old people should be heard but not seen. Young people should be seen, not heard.
'Feminist comedy,' practically an oxymoron, had a couple of good years after WWII. Chalk it up to the forced female autonomy that occurred during wartime, when Rosie the Riveter went to work in the factories, constructing the Allies' war machines while taking charge of the finances, the home, and the children.
I think of myself as a positive agnostic. I don't know, therefore I'm open. I don't know, therefore I'm interested.
In school, I learned about artists and how they were free to express themselves. I was allergic to conformity, and the lifestyle attracted me. I wanted to express myself in a way that slammed people up against the wall.
I'm very fond of drugs.
Prancing around on stage is not the entire purpose of my life.
I like being in a recording studio. I like watching a song go from the simplicity of the original music.
No matter how big or soft or warm your bed is, you still have to get out of it.
The word 'success' - who's defining it? It's about whether or not it makes me feel good. Four billion people don't have to see or hear it. If I've enjoyed the process of creation and I'm at peace, then what happens next is just entertainment. If mass appeal were actually something, Marilyn Monroe wouldn't be dead.
I do what I love to do, what I choose to do.
When I was between the ages of five and nine, the soldiers of the Second World War wanted to have Betty Grable, but I wanted to be Betty Grable. She was the epitome of an alluring woman; she had it all as far as I was concerned.
The main point for me is moral; animals are sentient beings. I know for some this is a hard argument to accept, but we're not built to eat a lot of meat.
I am not strict vegan, because I'm a hedonist pig. If I see a big chocolate cake that is made with eggs, I'll have it.
It takes a little work to be a vegan, but now it's really possible to have tasty stuff and it's better for you. I say the best test is go as far as you can and see how you feel. Personally, I feel great.
I didn't want to write a book. They made me do it.
Things change so fast, you can't use 1971 ethics on someone born in 1971.
I don't miss anything about the 1960s, not really. I did it. It's like asking, 'Do you miss the fourth grade?' I loved the fourth grade when I was in it, but I don't want to do it again.
Anyone who's 71 years old would look ridiculous singing rock.
God is all over the place. And even if He isn't, if it makes me feel good, why not?
I think old people are scary. They remind you of your own death. People don't like to tell you that.
You either evolve or you don't. I don't like old people on a rock n' roll stage. I think they look pathetic, me included. And the fact that I represent an era means I can't just go out there and do all new stuff. They would all say, 'Sing 'White Rabbit,' and I'd say no? That's rude.
Applause is interesting, but I'm a monster with or without it. Something is either well written or it isn't. 'White Rabbit' is not well written, and no amount of applause or royalties can convince me it is. I could have done a better job with those lyrics. They didn't say what I wanted.
Being in a rock n' roll band was like being in a Sherman tank. Nothing got to you. You were surrounded and protected by men.
The problem with hanging on to the '60s is that everyone thought they would go on forever.
Mainly I make music, and you can do that until you drop dead.
I was a floor model at I. Magnin. I'm 5 feet 7, but my legs weren't long enough to be a big-time model. From the knees up, everything is long, but from ankle to knee, if I was in proportion, I'd be 5 feet 9.
'White Rabbit' was mostly done in about two days, the music in about half an hour. The music is a 'Bolero' rip-off and the lyrics a rearrangement of 'Alice in Wonderland.' You take two spectacular hits and throw them together, and it's hard to miss.
Starship was a whole different thing. It was pop rock. It made more money and had more hit songs than Airplane. There was no cultural or social ethic behind it. For me, it was like selling out. I was the only one selling out. The rest enjoyed doing what they were doing.
Too many people try to please their parents. My parents were Republicans, which is too bad, but they allowed me to be who I wanted to be.
If you don't own the stage, you shouldn't be in rock n' roll.
