American,Author
Travel like a pro, not like a hobo. That's my motto.
As foreign attacks increase, it's easy to treat them like bad weather happening somewhere else. It's what we read over breakfast. But when that storm hits your shores, remember this: Wishful thinking never saved a single life. The truth, however, has.
Before language, cavemen simply grunted, and then they used the club. Communication changed that. It's the mechanism that created civilization and prevents its own destruction.
2017 may have been that year when identity politics hit a brick wall - and slumped limply on the pavement.
If pop culture is a pool, it never hurts to dive into the deep end once in a while.
Nothing is ever as bad as it seems. Nor does it ever last as long as you think.
Youthful impatience obscures the endless potential for joy that's standing right in front of you.
For trance music to be good, it has to sneak up on you.
The PC rebellion is about a reaction against the media academic complex, which tells us what to say - or else.
True, the country is divided, but it's not Right and Left. It's Left and Not Left. It is because, for liberals, politics is personal and therefore extremely loud. For the rest of us, we prefer community over calamity.
There's a difference between being politically incorrect and boorish. And we've seen that line crossed a dozen times by smart people who've mistaken politics for punditry.
Human evolution relies on cooperation, which is why identity politics feels so backward.
The truly persuasive must step out of themselves and see their own flaws first and admit they could be wrong. Then, when they correct for that, you can be truly persuasive.
Getting mad only leads to madness.
President Obama's farewell speech soared, towered, dragged. True, it was longer than Reagan's, Clinton's and GWB's speeches combined. If it got any longer, it would have qualified as a third term.
The frothing Trump-haters' extremism turns whatever criticism they have for the guy into mere parody.
There's always something heroic and romantic about taking a stand against the powers that be.
Here is a fact: If Facebook were a religion, it will be the third largest behind Islam and Christianity. Its success is rooted and capitalizing on the human desire to bond.
I hate 'Rolling Stone' - because I loved it so much. I had the 'Cheap Tricks' cover and the Clash cover on my wall for years, and I just hate what happened to it. It just became the smarmy grad student that sits next to you on the bus.
No one wants a lecture when you're getting a latte. So if you get one without asking, isn't that grounds for some discipline?
I've said it before: If Queen had died and reincarnated as one person, it would be Devin Townsend.
It takes a special, selfless person to make music that accommodates the universal need for mindless escapism - or what I call oblivion.
The people who whine about Fox News are hypocrites - they say they're totally tolerant, but when they run into someone who doesn't share their assumptions, they say, 'Fox News is evil, and it must be stopped.'
I have to say that Adam Levine is truly a daring young man to go on Twitter to bash Fox News. He's so rebellious, so subversive. I mean, for a musician, seriously, could you find a more predictable stance than that? He's as edgy as a hacky sack, which also describes his music.
I think the reason why 'Red Eye' is popular is because we question the common assumptions that you find elsewhere.
The joy of hate reflects people who get off pretending to hate something, or hate you, in order to score political points. I call them the 'tolerati' - you know, a group of people who claim to be tolerant, except when they run into someone who disagrees with them.
Islamists are nothing but guided missiles that pride themselves on taking out as many infidels as possible.
Now that President Trump is a reality, I happily have been giving him a chance to see how he does.
Trump's policies are a mix of fairly traditional things. Even his immigration stuff isn't really that new.
As a New Yorker, this is what you do: you confront, jab, and slap, sometimes wrongly, then smile and forget about it.
It's the great deception in modern culture: Bad things call for noble names to cloak their evil outcomes.
Do you ever see a right-wing kid violently jumping lefty speakers? On campus, you either have silent appeasement or a bruise.
The federal government is enormous; it never shrinks. And the interest is killing us.
What a contrast, Trump is feisty but flexible. Obama, cool but rigid. But he had no reason to bend. The media already bought into his shtick. His giddy fan base ate up every white-coated lie.
ObamaCare was a lemon, but the media were his lemonheads.
The modern progressive movement believes that dissenting language is objectionable, which then removes the brakes between anger and violence.
Language turned apes like us into civil creatures.
By silencing speech, the new Left makes life more dangerous by leaving violence as the only option. Maybe that's what they want.
Here is the problem with legacy: You'll sacrifice stuff that is not even yours to get it. Take President Obama's Iran deal, when he gave the shirt off his back - and ours, too.
An actual scientist embraces debate because it sharpens their research.
Social justice warriors want to return to the Dark Ages when you communicated with a club instead of joining one.
Back in the days of world wars, American companies didn't think twice about pitching in to help fight the enemy. Car companies helped bolster tanks, food companies created rations - sometimes they had to do it, but no one had to twist their arm.
Identity politics preaches a splintering of one large, collaborative group into competing vindictive ones - resulting in new, angry tribes whose central thesis is to not cooperate.
In the American 'melting pot,' identity politics wants to smash that pot - to bring us back to the Dark Ages, when collaboration was sparse.
In the absurd idiocy of identity regressive politics, looting is seen as protest, and protecting one's own property is seen as privilege.
I've done two shows every day for years, but I don't think I could work on just one show a week. I would go crazy, and I would drive everybody nuts. I've got to feel like I'm under pressure.
I don't think Trevor Noah got his job by being a conservative.
I always thought Jon Stewart was an extremely good surgeon with his scalpel. He would have Republicans on who, I guess, were unclear about what Stewart was up to, and while Jon Stewart was being nice, he was building a case for drowning them.
It's not misogynistic to criticize a legendary female pop singer; it's misogynistic to think a legendary female pop singer can't handle it.
Generally, I don't bother trying to keep up with prolific bands - but Thee Oh Sees demand it.
The bands I like are not obscure at all. Far from it.
My first concert - maybe it was 1979 - was a blur. I'm not sure whether it was Blue Oyster Cult/Cheap Trick/Pat Travers at San Jose Civic Auditorium or The Police/The Knack/Robert Johnson at Berkeley's Zellerbach Auditorium.
I spent my teens in northern California listening to KALX, KUSF, and KFJC, finding people that changed my life.
Ariel Pink would be a regular on the Mike Douglas Show. Both a master songwriter and a charismatic figure, he'd wander the set like a cherubic, more likable Jim Morrison. His songs would be all over KFRC - the way Boz Scaggs ruled for one summer with 'Silk Degrees.'
At a certain point, we need to figure out how to reward those who choose a path that offers, often, almost no reward.
The girls I dated liked or disliked me, whether I weighed 140 or 150; and six-pack abs had no relevance on their love or repulsion.
If you can have a skewed sense of your body, it stands to reason you could develop the same kind of thing about your relationships with others in a social network.
Thanks to an immersive lifestyle that involves Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook, we've created a psychological three-sided mirror for our social impact on others.
FNM didn't really become one of my favorite all-time bands until after I'd had all their records for a couple of years. And realized I was playing them every day.
'Sol Invictus' works like your basic FNM record: the sequencing is an artful job, hustling you politely through all the gentle, harsh, weird surprises that follow - and then when it's over, you get back on the ride and start over, just like Space Mountain.
Listening to a FNM record is like a visit from a mysterious relative who knows more about your family than you did.
I actually hate lyrics, and I hate it when they're quoted in reviews. I don't think they matter that much; it's the sounds of words - not the words - that I look for.
I realize Twitter can be good, providing a video game of creativity for your brain.
Wherever socialism spread, misery followed - and still follows.
Creating a fan base of both fervent feelers and fanboys, Trump magnificently played off many fawning commentator's insecurities - using the deep desire to be liked or noticed by Trump as a method to keep their criticism of him tamped down.
Trump has manufactured the first-ever Celebrity Immunity Bubble - rendering him incapable of offense, no matter whom he offends. It's brilliant.
Work together. Do not purge your allies because of purity.
It may feel good to think you're right. But it's better to allow the possibility that you're wrong.
If America oppresses, why do so many people risk their lives coming here to be oppressed?
The good and bad thing about online trolling: it's not on the street, and it's not on the street! The good: nothing physical erupts; the bad: there are no brakes to stop it.
We are all better served by objectively diagnosing trolls so they can change.
A troll's life is a no-physical-contact existence. You will die alone, as you die daily, online.
Infected by political ideology, if you dare question climate models, your career is done.
Most Americans don't shout their politics, much less blast it from their TVs while serving you fried pickles - that's the Left.
I'm used to the Right being singled out by the entertainers.
Actors seem brave and unpredictable, but they're spontaneous as a tax return.
How odd that the proponents of free expression think 'free' only applies to them.
Obama was never that bad or that great, and the same is probably going to go for Trump.
I don't care much for Hillary Clinton.
