American,Clergyman
Don't forget, you are the hero of your own story.
If you are paying attention, then the day is going to be pretty joyful, and a lot of delight will fill it.
I'm the priest who has been mistaken for an ATM machine.
You stand with the least likely to succeed until success is succeeded by something more valuable: kinship. You stand with the belligerent, the surly and the badly behaved until bad behavior is recognized for the language it is: the vocabulary of the deeply wounded and of those whose burdens are more than they can bear.
Even gang members imagine a future that doesn't include gangs.
There is no 'them' and 'us.' There is only us.
The wrong idea has taken root in the world. And the idea is this: there just might be lives out there that matter less than other lives.
You are so much more than the worst thing you've ever done.
My church is in the detention facilities where I preside and celebrate the Eucharist. To me that's the church. That's the people of God.
I don't save people. God saves people. I can point them in the right direction. I can say, 'There's that door. I think if you walked through it, you'd be happier than you are.'
I love movies.
The business of second chances is everybody's business.
I always have a funny story at communion time that underscores that no one is perfect, and that communion is not for perfect people but for hungry people.
God can get tiny if we're not careful.
People have to see that there is a high degree of complexity about belonging to a gang. It's a symptom, not a problem.
I have never seen a hopeful person join a gang.
I want to be prophetic and take stands and stand with those on the margins, and I want to laugh as much as I can.
You are exactly what God had in mind when he made you.
Gangs are bastions of conditional love, and one of the ways to counteract it is to offer community, which will always trump gang, and that's what happens at Homeboy Industries.
Redemption is possible, and it is the measure of a civilized society.
In Los Angeles, the gang capital of the world, we have 1,100 gangs and 120,000 gang members so it is a daunting, complex social dilemma.
Homeboy Industries has chosen to stand with the 'demonized' so that the demonizing will stop; it stands with the 'disposable' so that the day will come when we stop throwing people away.
Kids are different from adults. They are not as developed as far as brain science, controlling impulses, and maturity, and fall prey to all kinds of pressures.
When the vastness of God meets the restriction of our own humanity, words can't hold it. The best we can do is find the moments that rhyme with this expansive heart of God.
Young people can change and grow. Every parent knows that.
I wouldn't trade my life for anybody's.
We lose our right to be surprised that California has the highest recidivism rate in the country if we refuse to hire folks who have taken responsibility for their crimes and have done their time.
I feel called to be faithful.
