American,Comedian
I didn't like the play, but then I saw it under adverse conditions - the curtain was up.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?
No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early.
My favourite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
I intend to live forever, or die trying.
I remember the first time I had sex - I kept the receipt.
Getting older is no problem. You just have to live long enough.
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.
Before I speak, I have something important to say.
Women should be obscene and not heard.
I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
There's one way to find out if a man is honest - ask him. If he says, 'Yes,' you know he is a crook.
I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining.
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
If you've heard this story before, don't stop me, because I'd like to hear it again.
I read in the newspapers they are going to have 30 minutes of intellectual stuff on television every Monday from 7:30 to 8. to educate America. They couldn't educate America if they started at 6:30.
I won't belong to any organization that would have me as a member.
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse!
Room service? Send up a larger room.
Why a four-year-old child could understand this report. Run out and find me a four-year-old child. I can't make head nor tail out of it.
Practically everybody in New York has half a mind to write a book, and does.
I've got the brain of a four year old. I'll bet he was glad to be rid of it.
I wish to be cremated. One tenth of my ashes shall be given to my agent, as written in our contract.
My mother loved children - she would have given anything if I had been one.
I worked my way up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty.
Please accept my resignation. I don't care to belong to any club that will have me as a member.
