American,Actress
My life is good because I am not passive about it. I invest in what is real. Like real people, to do real things, for the real me.
Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
I don't eat red meat, but sometimes a man needs a steak.
I'm not sure how healthy bacon is in general, but I know it's incredibly delicious.
The adrenaline of a live performance is unlike anything in film or theater. I can see why it's so addictive.
Sometimes when things you love get really commercial, you end up feeling betrayed by it.
Taking care of yourself is being there for your kids, like how on a plane, they tell you to put on your oxygen mask first.
It's a waste of time for people to say things they think other people want to hear, or try and come off in a certain way. I try to be as honest as I can.
The work gets more difficult as you get older. You learn more and you gather more experiences, there is deeper pain and higher highs.
I love the English way, which is not as capitalistic as it is in America. People don't talk about work and money. They talk about interesting things at dinner parties.
My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much.
I try to remember, as I hear about friends getting engaged, that it's not about the ring and it's not about the wedding. It's a grave thing, getting married. And it's easy to get swept up in the wrong things.
The Jewish part of me is superstitious.
I say what I think, and I stand behind what I say.
Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business.
My playground was the theatre. I'd sit and watch my mother pretend for a living. As a young girl, that's pretty seductive.
The simpler things are, the happier they are.
I eat whatever I want. I like bread and cheese and wine, and that makes my life fun and enjoyable.
I've had a very interesting career. I get to do amazing things and work with amazing people and travel and learn languages - things most people don't get the opportunity to do.
The older I get, the more open-minded I get, the less judgmental I get.
I'm hard on myself, so I'm working on shifting perspective toward self-acceptance, with all my flaws and weaknesses.
I try to avoid barbecue potato chips. They're my weakness.
I feel my dad, I still feel his love, and I still love him. I would do anything to have him back, but half the reason that my life is good, has real, true value, is that he died. I would obviously rather have him alive, but he gave me so much in his death.
I'll immediately gain, like, 5 pounds even just by thinking about cutting out dessert. It's a nightmare. I decided, for me, the healthiest thing was to eat what I want and just exercise. Some women can watch what they eat, but I just can't do that.
Could I use some butter and cheese and eggs in my cooking without going down some kind of hippie shame spiral? Yes. Of course I could.
It changed me more than anything else. You don't want to get to that place where you're the adult and you're palpably in the next generation. And, this shoved me into that.
I love film. After a yummy meal for the whole family and some truly great friends, we often go out to see something beautiful and unique.
I love being. There's so much wisdom in it. You wake up in the morning and you think, Hey, isn't it great just being?
I wouldn't say I'm a very original thinker, but if I have a good experience with something, I'll want to take it further or adapt it in some way.
Luckily, my children love broccoli, and although we sometimes enter into UN-like negotiations about how many 'trees' they need to eat before they can partake of ice cream, it is a vegetable that they tend to embrace.
We've got a wood-burning pizza oven in the garden - a luxury, I know, but it's one of the best investments I've ever made.
When I pass a flowering zucchini plant in a garden, my heart skips a beat.
I am who I am. I can't pretend to be somebody who makes $25,000 a year.
I know people that I respect and admire and look up to who have had extra-marital affairs.
There have been countless times where I've worked out with my kids crawling around all over the place. You just make it work.
Even actresses that you really admire, like Reese Witherspoon, you think, 'Another romantic comedy?' You see her in something like 'Walk the Line' and think, 'God, you're so great!' And then you think, 'Why is she doing these stupid romantic comedies?' But of course, it's for money and status.
I love to cook and feed people. I cook every day.
What I've learned is I want to enjoy my life, and food is a big part of it.
I find the English amazing how they got over 7/7. There were no multiple memorials with people sobbing as they would have been in America. There, they are constantly scaring people, but at the same time, people think nothing of going to see a therapist.
Brits are far more intelligent and civilised than Americans. I love the fact that you can hail a taxi and just pick up your pram and put in the back of the cab without having to collapse it. I love the parks and places I go for dinner and my friends.
I'll take my wrinkles. I don't like the Botox thing.
Creating a meal for my friends and family, sitting together, eating, laughing and talking - that is when I am so happy. Oh my God, if you could see how much food I make - I am the original Jewish mother.
I wouldn't say I'm a mummy's girl, but I have grown to have a tremendous appreciation of her as a woman. I was very much a daddy's girl.
In Britain, they have a lot of laws to protect you, and we enforce them very strongly so that our children can stay private figures, and the British press leave us alone, which is great. It means we can go on the Tube into the centre of London because it's quicker and more fun for the kids. We can do normal things.
I love getting cookbooks - people will give them to me, and I read them like novels and file everything away.
I really like cooking according to the season. I like to get creative with what's fresh.
When I venture out to eat, I like to go to places with food that I don't know how to make. So my favorites are Japanese and Indian. Indian food has so much layering of flavor, and the dishes go together so harmoniously.
After I had the kids, I took a break from work, and all my creativity went into my kitchen. I like experimenting.
I don't eat four-legged animals, but I eat birds, I eat cheese, I eat dessert. I eat everything.
I'm sort of getting into the idea of nourishing your inner aspect and doing that by investing in your family and making a meal and creating time together.
I love acting, but I have two little kids, and it's 14 hours a day out of the house. You don't get that time back.
During the strict macrobiotic chapter of my life, I ate miso soup every day for breakfast and sometimes with dinner as well.
