American,Author
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.
Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you.
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than the one with all the facts.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor.
Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.
Don't work for recognition, but do work worthy of recognition.
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
Enjoy the satisfaction that comes from doing little things well.
A true friend encourages us, comforts us, supports us like a big easy chair, offering us a safe refuge from the world.
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.
Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity of others.
Always have something beautiful in sight, even if it's just a daisy in a jelly glass.
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life.
Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they're already asleep.
Talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates. There's plenty of movement, but you never know if it's going to be forward, backwards, or sideways.
I never expect to lose. Even when I'm the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech.
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
Never deprive someone of hope; it might be all they have.
Young love is wild and outrageous, laughing at moderation and blinding us to common sense.
There is a fundamental question we all have to face. How are we to live our lives; by what principles and moral values will we be guided and inspired?
Be smarter than other people, just don't tell them so.
Hope is the magic carpet that transports us from the present moment into the realm of infinite possibilities.
For most of us, wisdom is acquired in the thicket of experience and usually meets us somewhere along the way if we live long enough. But sooner is better than later.
You can always tell when a man's well informed. His views are pretty much like your own.
Compliment three people every day.
In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely.
Hold puppies, kittens, and babies anytime you get the chance.
Put a love note in his shaving kit before he leaves on a business trip.
Luck marches with those who give their very best.
Be as polite to the custodian as you are to the chairman of the board.
Living big and joyful and content is almost always the result of our finding satisfaction in life's ordinary day-to-day pleasures. And God must be fond of them, too, for He made so many of them for us to enjoy.
When you have nothing important or interesting to say, don't let anyone persuade you to say it.
Ask an older person you respect to tell you his or her greatest regret.
Oh, the difference between nearly right and exactly right.
Commit yourself to a mighty purpose.
While we may lose heart, we never have to lose hope.
