American,Writer
On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong.
Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.
The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out... without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane, intolerable.
A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers.
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
Every election is a sort of advance auction sale of stolen goods.
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard.
Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under.
It is not materialism that is the chief curse of the world, as pastors teach, but idealism. Men get into trouble by taking their visions and hallucinations too seriously.
In war the heroes always outnumber the soldiers ten to one.
There is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong.
Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
A national political campaign is better than the best circus ever heard of, with a mass baptism and a couple of hangings thrown in.
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.
An idealist is one who, on noticing that roses smell better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup.
Injustice is relatively easy to bear; what stings is justice.
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule.
Honor is simply the morality of superior men.
The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear - fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants above everything else is safety.
It is inaccurate to say that I hate everything. I am strongly in favor of common sense, common honesty, and common decency. This makes me forever ineligible for public office.
No one in this world, so far as I know - and I have searched the records for years, and employed agents to help me - has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people.
Alimony - the ransom that the happy pay to the devil.
Theology is the effort to explain the unknowable in terms of the not worth knowing.
If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish.
Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
Temptation is an irresistible force at work on a movable body.
Most people want security in this world, not liberty.
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not been caught.
To be in love is merely to be in a state of perceptual anesthesia - to mistake an ordinary young woman for a goddess.
Communism, like any other revealed religion, is largely made up of prophecies.
We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.
If a politician found he had cannibals among his constituents, he would promise them missionaries for dinner.
As the arteries grow hard, the heart grows soft.
Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us that someone might be looking.
It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods.
Democracy is also a form of worship. It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
The only really happy folk are married women and single men.
No matter how happily a woman may be married, it always pleases her to discover that there is a nice man who wishes that she were not.
Whenever a husband and wife begin to discuss their marriage they are giving evidence at a coroner's inquest.
Bachelors know more about women than married men; if they didn't they'd be married too.
It doesn't take a majority to make a rebellion; it takes only a few determined leaders and a sound cause.
Each party steals so many articles of faith from the other, and the candidates spend so much time making each other's speeches, that by the time election day is past there is nothing much to do save turn the sitting rascals out and let a new gang in.
Man is always looking for someone to boast to; woman is always looking for a shoulder to put her head on.
Adultery is the application of democracy to love.
Every man is his own hell.
Poetry has done enough when it charms, but prose must also convince.
I confess I enjoy democracy immensely. It is incomparably idiotic, and hence incomparably amusing.
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
The cynics are right nine times out of ten.
The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil.
I never smoked a cigarette until I was nine.
I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.
No man ever quite believes in any other man. One may believe in an idea absolutely, but not in a man.
A church is a place in which gentlemen who have never been to heaven brag about it to persons who will never get there.
Archbishop - A Christian ecclesiastic of a rank superior to that attained by Christ.
Let's not burn the universities yet. After all, the damage they do might be worse.
Life is a dead-end street.
For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe. Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end.
Morality is the theory that every human act must be either right or wrong, and that 99 % of them are wrong.
A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.
Time stays, we go.
Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good.
No matter how long he lives, no man ever becomes as wise as the average woman of forty-eight.
Say what you will about the ten commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.
Wealth - any income that is at least one hundred dollars more a year than the income of one's wife's sister's husband.
Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the moon.
What men value in this world is not rights but privileges.
Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience.
When a new source of taxation is found it never means, in practice, that the old source is abandoned. It merely means that the politicians have two ways of milking the taxpayer where they had one before.
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.
Democracy is only a dream: it should be put in the same category as Arcadia, Santa Claus, and Heaven.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?
The opera is to music what a bawdy house is to a cathedral.
Whenever you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it is a sign that he expects to be paid for it.
All government, of course, is against liberty.
Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian.
A society made up of individuals who were all capable of original thought would probably be unendurable.
Judge: a law student who marks his own examination-papers.
In the duel of sex woman fights from a dreadnought and man from an open raft.
One of the most mawkish of human delusions is the notion that friendship should be eternal, or, at all events, life-long, and that any act which puts a term to it is somehow discreditable.
I never lecture, not because I am shy or a bad speaker, but simply because I detest the sort of people who go to lectures and don't want to meet them.
The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line.
Temptation is a woman's weapon and man's excuse.
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
I go on working for the same reason that a hen goes on laying eggs.
The only cure for contempt is counter-contempt.
For centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing.
Platitude: an idea (a) that is admitted to be true by everyone, and (b) that is not true.
A man may be a fool and not know it, but not if he is married.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
No married man is genuinely happy if he has to drink worse whisky than he used to drink when he was single.
The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated.
We must be willing to pay a price for freedom.
Husbands never become good; they merely become proficient.
One may no more live in the world without picking up the moral prejudices of the world than one will be able to go to hell without perspiring.
Unquestionably, there is progress. The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
Nevertheless, it is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
A man always remembers his first love with special tenderness, but after that he begins to bunch them.
Women have simple tastes. They get pleasure out of the conversation of children in arms and men in love.
Historian: an unsuccessful novelist.
If, after I depart this vale, you ever remember me and have thought to please my ghost, forgive some sinner and wink your eye at some homely girl.
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later; for another thing, they die earlier.
I hate all sports as rabidly as a person who likes sports hates common sense.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.
All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it.
Nine times out of ten, in the arts as in life, there is actually no truth to be discovered; there is only error to be exposed.
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
To die for an idea; it is unquestionably noble. But how much nobler it would be if men died for ideas that were true!
War will never cease until babies begin to come into the world with larger cerebrums and smaller adrenal glands.
A prohibitionist is the sort of man one couldn't care to drink with, even if he drank.
The common argument that crime is caused by poverty is a kind of slander on the poor.
Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them.
Man is a beautiful machine that works very badly.
I believe in only one thing: liberty; but I do not believe in liberty enough to want to force it upon anyone.
Man weeps to think that he will die so soon; woman, that she was born so long ago.
There are men so philosophical that they can see humor in their own toothaches. But there has never lived a man so philosophical that he could see the toothache in his own humor.
The chief contribution of Protestantism to human thought is its massive proof that God is a bore.
