American,Model
I would never pose topless.
I don't see myself as famous; I see myself as a normal person with a job that is not very normal. My work life is very out there and very public. But I do my best to maintain my privacy.
I wasn't bullied by the mean girls in high school. I'm just bullied by adults and teenagers all over the world.
Acting is in my family. My cousins, my sister, and I always say it's a legacy that should be kept alive. In the future, it's something I really want.
My biggest goal in life will be achieved when I have a family, when I have my own kids that I can raise myself and bring up based on what I know. I always think it's the wildest idea - raising a whole, entire human is insane to me, and I've always wanted kids.
If I get in a dark spot, I'll listen to some Adele and cry about it.
I think trying to maintain a classic pretty style is the way I like to go, like Margot Robbie's style.
The older supermodels sometimes don't agree with the fact there is a new generation of models. We're not saying we're supermodels. I'd rather people look at us as businesspeople, and, yes, modeling is our business right now, but we're not trying to take anybody's spot, and we're not trying to discredit the past.
You can blame my mom for some of my worst fashion moments. She used to dress me and my sister in a lot of patterns. Like, she would put me in striped stockings with a floral dress. Like, why are you doing that to me?
I never want to put my name on something that I don't love or wouldn't wear myself.
Sometimes I Google myself just to see what people are saying. But we all do that. If someone tells you that they don't, then they are lying.
A cheat day for me, the first thing that I crave, I'll eat. That's my rule. So if I wake up and I want pancakes, I'm gonna eat pancakes. If I want a cheeseburger for lunch or for dinner, I'm gonna eat it. If I want fries, I'm gonna eat the fries.
The thing is, I live a very public life, and I have to keep things personal, or else I have no personal life. It's very difficult.
I was raised in church. I was brought up in that life, and I think that it's very important for everybody to be in touch with their spirituality and to have a relationship with God.
I think that God kind of put me in the place in my life to not be quiet about it, not be quiet about Him, but to reach people and to inspire people.
I know a lot of people struggle with the idea of Jesus and their idea of God. I think, if you don't even know what you're praying to or who you're praying to, based on what I know to be true, regardless, God's always listening.
I'm lucky that I have my family, I'm lucky that my parents are still together. Those are the things that I cherish.
I think if I was going to be someone for a day, I would want to be a performer, someone big, like Rihanna. I'd want to feel the energy of being on stage. I've always found that very interesting.
I love New York. It's hard to explain, but it's the energy of the city. It's not like L.A. where everything is spread out.
I genuinely do think that skin does have a lot to do with genetics. I was blessed. You should see my mom and grandma - it's unfair!
I think a lot about when times were simpler, when I was still dancing and living with my parents. I really miss living at home sometimes. I get really sad.
I don't like to run. You will not see me running on a treadmill ever. Ever! I like boxing, though, so if I can go to the gym and box for 30 minutes, I will.
I wouldn't ever pose naked... I'm fine to do bikinis and certainly lingerie if I feel it's done tastefully... cute like Victoria's Secret, but nothing like raunchy or overly sexual.
I always try to keep one very feminine quality to my style.
For me, I like to be a little bit tomboy but still look like a lady. Pretty tough. Or really, really, really pretty.
All my tattoos except my first were not planned. I would just go into the shop late at night with friends and ask for something on the spot. My first is my parents' wedding date. I thought it would soften the blow of getting a tattoo.
