American,Actor
My favorite place is Central Park because you never know what you're going to find there. I also like that when I look out the windows of surrounding hotels, it's seems like I'm looking out over a forest.
I like normal stuff people fear - like spiders and heights. I'm frightened by the unknown, by things that are hard to figure out and get a grip on.
That professionalism comes from what I've watched people do on the set. I'm just trying to be as respectful to the environment, as they have been. I think I still act like a kid. I just try to be as professional as I can.
Just keep learning from the role and not just go for the money.
I'm going to try and model myself after Kurt Russell and Jodie Foster.
I try to keep away from being big-headed. That's what causes people to lose the acting thing. They start being commercial, and then they stink for the rest of their lives.
For me, choice is the most important thing because I'm going to be an adult actor pretty soon. So I've got to be choosing the right roles now so that by the time I get to that age there will be wide options available.
It's hard to act terrified when you have 200 crew members around you.
The best advice my dad ever gave me is that acting is believing. Acting is not acting. It isn't putting on a face and dancing around in a mask. It's believing that you are that character and playing him as if it were a normal day in the life of that character.
Acting is not acting. It isn't putting on a face and dancing around in a mask. It's believing that you are that character and playing him as if it were a normal day in the life of that character.
Kobe Bryant is my favorite basketball player. He takes risks. He goes for the shot. He isn't cautious with whatever he does.
People love to get scared. People want to see the worst thing that can happen.
My dad never told me that when you audition, you might not get the role. He wanted to wait until my first disappointment to tell me.
When I was a little kid, I loved imagining things. I'd go outside and put on a cape and just imagine I was somebody else.
There's so much to learn about acting and performance in general... I mean, acting is a very complex art, and there are a lot more theories and methods and techniques to it than I think anybody would think.
I really don't care if people know who I am or what's said about me.
You always have to avoid working for the sake of putting yourself out there.
I've never had a MySpace or a Facebook page. I avoid that entirely.
My parents never got carried away with the extraneous elements of being in the business.
I would be a terrible person to be in a relationship with because I'm either sleeping or at the theater.
The notion of self-care for people who have hundreds of millions of dollars, it doesn't seem like a radical thing.
I'm not a stand-up comedian. I'm not an improv person or anything, but I've always been a fan of that stuff.
I went to New York University to study experimental theatre in 2006 and was there pretty consistently until 2011.
It was kind of good that I wasn't doing the Hollywood high life and stuff like that when I was 18, 19, 20, 21.
What attracted me to New York was there was an anonymity that I couldn't always have in Los Angeles, and it was easier to blend in there. The more successful you are, the less you are able to do that.
It's kind of comfortable portraying characters who are kind of unsavoury and not so nice. That can be refreshing sometimes.
