American,President
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.
Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny.
In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves... self-discipline with all of them came first.
You know that being an American is more than a matter of where your parents came from. It is a belief that all men are created free and equal and that everyone deserves an even break.
Carry the battle to them. Don't let them bring it to you. Put them on the defensive and don't ever apologize for anything.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
The United Nations is designed to make possible lasting freedom and independence for all its members.
I do not believe there is a problem in this country or the world today which could not be settled if approached through the teaching of the Sermon on the Mount.
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
When you get to be President, there are all those things, the honors, the twenty-one gun salutes, all those things. You have to remember it isn't for you. It's for the Presidency.
The atom bomb was no 'great decision.' It was merely another powerful weapon in the arsenal of righteousness.
The reward of suffering is experience.
You can never get all the facts from just one newspaper, and unless you have all the facts, you cannot make proper judgements about what is going on.
When even one American - who has done nothing wrong - is forced by fear to shut his mind and close his mouth - then all Americans are in peril.
I remember when I first came to Washington. For the first six months you wonder how the hell you ever got here. For the next six months you wonder how the hell the rest of them ever got here.
Washington is a very easy city for you to forget where you came from and why you got there in the first place.
Any man who has had the job I've had and didn't have a sense of humor wouldn't still be here.
A President needs political understanding to run the government, but he may be elected without it.
It is understanding that gives us an ability to have peace. When we understand the other fellow's viewpoint, and he understands ours, then we can sit down and work out our differences.
If I'd known how much packing I'd have to do, I'd have run again.
Those who want the Government to regulate matters of the mind and spirit are like men who are so afraid of being murdered that they commit suicide to avoid assassination.
You want a friend in Washington? Get a dog.
I have no desire to crow over anybody or to see anybody eating crow, figuratively or otherwise. We should all get together and make a country in which everybody can eat turkey whenever he pleases.
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours.
Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.
A politician is a man who understands government. A statesman is a politician who's been dead for 15 years.
I've said many a time that I think the Un-American Activities Committee in the House of Representatives was the most un-American thing in America!
The Marine Corps is the Navy's police force and as long as I am President that is what it will remain. They have a propaganda machine that is almost equal to Stalin's.
A bureaucrat is a Democrat who holds some office that a Republican wants.
Nixon is one of the few in the history of this country to run for high office talking out of both sides of his mouth at the same time and lying out of both sides.
In my opinion eight years as president is enough and sometimes too much for any man to serve in that capacity.
You and I are stuck with the necessity of taking the worst of two evils or none at all. So-I'm taking the immature Democrat as the best of the two. Nixon is impossible.
Whenever a fellow tells me he's bipartisan, I know he's going to vote against me.
This administration is going to be cussed and discussed for years to come.
Most of the problems a President has to face have their roots in the past.
Being too good is apt to be uninteresting.
A President cannot always be popular.
I had faith in Israel before it was established, I have in it now. I believe it has a glorious future before it - not just another sovereign nation, but as an embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization.
Study men, not historians.
