American,Producer
Some people handle sweets better.
All that self-control stuff, I tried all that stuff from analysts. I went everywhere to these guys, every kind of anger-management, psychologist, psychiatrist. 'Get rid of my temper, get rid of my temper.' And there was only one guy who just said, 'I don't think this is related to, uh, issues. I think there has got to be something wrong.'
I think audiences can deal with these mature themes.
Margaret Thatcher made tough decisions. She put people out of work and she stood up to labor unions and she did a lot of things that I did not like.
You know, I'm the tough guy with taste, good friends, you know, describe me that I'm the tough guy, period, the way others do. But, you know, I'll tell you, I'm a complete wuss when it comes to my own kids.
When we talk about Oscars, it's almost as a symbol of excellence, and the American public and the worldwide public accept that symbol. So, a movie like 'The Artist' that costs $14 million, has to go out and compete with movies that cost $140 million. How does David deal with Goliath?
People know that I have a great love for cinema. Not just for commercial cinema, but for the 'cinema d'auteur.' But to me, two of the great 'auteurs' are actually actors and they both happen to be French. One is Alain Delon and the other is Jean-Paul Belmondo.
I'm the father of four daughters.
They keep the old business. We keep the ongoing business.
We've been able to access deals that under our former relationship with Disney - with tax advantages and strategic partners - that we just weren't able to do.
There are two things that come very easily to me: rooting for New York sports teams and making mistakes.
The great thing that guys like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and the Google guys have in common is they treat their technology like it's art, and I suppose in the hands of virtuosos like them, it is.
I think I took my eye off the ball. From about 2005, 2006, 2007, I was out of it. I thought I could oversee movies and have it done for me, so to speak.
Debt can be the most addictive thing in the universe, and it can kill you. You get used to living high off the hog. It was intoxicating.
I learned what I really love is making films, not the film business. I want to be on the set, meeting with writers, I want that freedom. I love it now.
As a young man, I went to Paris and soaked up many hours of film knowledge from Robert Hakim in my efforts to become a producer.
I've been involved with violent movies, and then I've also said at a certain point, 'I can't take it anymore. Please cut it.' You know, you've got to respect the filmmaker, and it's a really tough issue.
If we don't get gun-control laws in this country, we are full of beans. To have the National Rifle Association rule the United States is pathetic. And I agree with Mayor Michael Bloomberg: It's time to put up or shut up about gun control for both parties.
I'm sure the next time Piers Morgan asks me to host his show again I will ask President Obama to be my guest.
I'm a benevolent dictator.
Roman Polanski is a man who cares deeply about his art and its place in this world. What happened to him on his incredible path is filled with tragedy, and most men would have collapsed. Instead, he became a great artist and continues to make great films.
I remember when I took Quentin Tarantino with me to a very private screening of the documentary 'Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired,' which shows some of the legal irregularities of his case. I was involved by the film, and it was an amazing experience to see people weep at the end of it.
We didn't care if we were well-liked as long as the movies were good. We served the movie - that was our master at Miramax. In our second incarnation, the movie is still the master but we're getting the same results in more subtle ways.
I must admit, even though I'm the product of two Jewish parents, I think the Irish temper got in there somewhere, so I'm going to check Mom's genealogy.
Last year, when 'Black Swan,' 'True Grit' and 'King's Speech' all grossed over $100 million, it gave studios and independent financiers the confidence to make daring movies and not do the same old you-know-what.
George Clooney's 'Ides of March' could be the most under-appreciated movie of the year. In 20 years they're gonna go back and say, 'Oh, that was American politics in that time period.' I follow politics, I love it, and that movie is so authentic.
To have the National Rifle Association rule the United States of America is pathetic.
I don't have to agree with everything a candidate does to support him.
First of all, I never make a movie for awards consideration.
You're always fascinated by what you do, and how other people look at it.
We in the independent sector more than anybody need Netflix, because they care about what we do.
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
Over the years with movies, I've given directors notes.
Like Rodgers and Hammerstein, I'm not afraid to deal with themes about the ups and downs of life, yet which are still entertaining, and you still feel these stories.
All my movies got screwed up because of my personality.
I just finished my homework fast, I was bored to death. There wasn't 500 channels so there was a thing for a librarian to teach a kid like me about reading. I started reading early and I read all the time, because I love it.
When people ask me what makes movies great, it's the material.
It's hard to market a movie when you're at the mercy of critics and journalists.
People want to see big, escapist fare. They don't want to be challenged to think.
You can spend all the money in the world. If you've got a bad product, it doesn't matter.
All my life, I have loved and been inspired by French cinema, and as a studio head it has been my pride and joy to have the ability to bring movies to audiences around the world.
I hope to continue my friendship with France and its filmmakers for many years to come.
It's the golden age of French cinema again but it's because Sarkozy had the guts to push through copyright law.
There's something about the fashion world that I like, which is, I see a lot of the designers really have affection for other designers.
I don't know, I'll probably make the first superhero movie that bombs.
Everybody who's played Marilyn Monroe before has gone down in flames. It's impossible to capture Marilyn Monroe.
You know, my movies are important on an economic basis, on an artistic basis.
