American,Journalist
The hacker community may be small, but it possesses the skills that are driving the global economies of the future.
Our printing press is the Internet. Our coffee houses are social networks.
Hackers often describe what they do as playfully creative problem solving.
There are corporate private investigators, companies doing very forensic background checks on people. They buy data, they get their own data... They don't want their industry publicised.
It used to cost money to disclose and distribute information. In the digital age it costs money not to.
The monarchy is a part of the state. It exists to serve the people.
Public relations is at best promotion or manipulation, at worst evasion and outright deception. What it is never about is a free flow of information.
There's not a self-regulating group of nice fair-playing people in politics. There are a lot of dodgy people in politics.
I pine for a return to the type of old-school journalism and the tough newspapermen and women of the Thirties.
The royal family are protected from public accountability by law.
Britain's legal structure is basically the same as in feudal times: laws are written for the elite.
CCTV is seen either as a symbol of Orwellian dystopia or a technology that will lead to crime-free streets and civil behaviour. While arguments continue, there is very little solid data in the public domain about the costs, quantity and effectiveness of surveillance.
I know people don't like America very much, but the one thing it's very good on is local government.
If any of us were faced with a huge bag of free money and very little accountability, it would be human nature that you would make the most of it.
There's a lot of hand-wringing going on about the death of journalism and particularly the death of investigative journalism. What I see is that there is more need than ever to have experienced information processors - people who can look through this mass of data.
Leaks are not the problem; they are the symptom. They reveal a disconnect between what people want and need to know and what they actually do know. The greater the secrecy, the more likely a leak.
When you're a crime reporter, you see the nub of what life's about, and you don't have much patience for the falsity of politics.
What the interconnected age in which we live allows us to do is instantly connect with each other.
What the Internet has done is it has decentralised power.
The biggest abuses in society happen when people are not able to communicate and not able to connect.
There is a very intense culture of secrecy in Britain that hasn't yet been dismantled. What passes for transparency here would serve any secret society well.
People are used to getting a lot of information quickly, and they're used to being quite empowered as consumers, and they go to governments expecting a similar treatment; they want to find data and they want to influence events quickly, and yet they come into this brick wall.
The values of WikiLeaks have been completely overshadowed by Julian Assange.
If you really believe in a cause, let the cause speak for itself. And if you, by your personality, are damaging that cause, if you really believe in it, you step aside.
It is scrutiny by the general public that keeps the powerful honest.
We are not naughty children, and the state is not our parent.
There is risk everywhere. Being alive carries the risk of death.
A lot of people have a lot to gain from peddling scare stories about cyber 'warfare.'
In whose interest is it to hype up the collapse of the Internet from a DDoS attack? Why, the people who provide cyber security services, of course.
In the soil of ignorance, fear can easily be sown.
A lack of government oversight hasn't hindered the Internet. Quite the opposite. A hands-off approach is largely responsible for its fantastic growth and success.
We need to codify our values and build consensus around what we want from a free society and a free Internet. We need to put into law protections for our privacy and our right to speak and assemble.
A generation of people are being radicalised by the criminalisation of information sharing.
We pay a lot for our court service, but it's not enough. Courts are under-resourced, which leads to delayed justice - particularly in criminal courts.
If the public can't see justice being done, or afford the costs of justice, then the entire system becomes little more than a cozy club solely for the benefit of judges, lawyers and their lackeys, a sort of care in the community for the upper middle classes.
Unwarranted search and seizure by the government officials was unacceptable to the American revolutionaries. Shouldn't it be unacceptable in the digital age, too?
Hackerspaces are the digital-age equivalent of English Enlightenment coffee houses. They are places open to all, indifferent to social status, and where ideas and knowledge hold primary value.
If Anonymous and Lulzsec are the id of hacking, then physical hackerspaces are the heart of the higher-minded hacking ideals: freedom of information, meritocracy of ideas, a joy of learning and anti-authoritarianism.
Democracy isn't just for people in the Middle East, but Britons, too.
Many of us are under the delusion that the police exist solely to deal with crime and keep us safe. That is to ignore the major focus of many of today's top cops on managing reputation - both of their force and, by default, their careers.
When journalism is treated as just another widget in a commercial enterprise, the focus isn't on truth, verification or public good, but productivity and output.
Diplomacy has always involved dinners with ruling elites, backroom deals and clandestine meetings. Now, in the digital age, the reports of all those parties and patrician chats can be collected in one enormous database. And once collected in digital form, it becomes very easy for them to be shared.
It is quite surreal having a film made about your life. The whole process of turning real life into drama is interesting in itself, but even more so when it is your own life being put into the narrative forge.
When it comes to reforming MPs' expenses, the answer is simply to keep it simple: show us receipts as they're claimed and, where there are abuses, enforce the law.
You don't make a system more effective by increasing the number of regulators.
Secrecy can be sexy. It's essential to any good mystery novel.
For information to be useful, it should be dynamic, searchable, and accessible.
It seems appropriate that the author of '1984' was a British citizen. George Orwell must have seen how easily the great British public's lamb-like disposition toward its leaders could be exploited to create a police state.
Say what you will about Americans, but one thing they are not is passive. The Bush administration may have pushed through the Patriot Act weeks after 11 September, but, as the American public got to grips with how the law was affecting their individual rights, their protests grew loud and angry.
