American,Journalist
Everyone with a cell phone thinks they're a photographer. Everyone with a laptop thinks they're a journalist. But they have no training, and they have no idea of what we keep to in terms of standards, as in what's far out and what's reality. And they have no dedication to truth.
We don't go into journalism to be popular. It is our job to seek the truth and put constant pressure on our leaders until we get answers.
There are better ways we can transform this virulent hatred - by living our ideals, the Peace Corps, exchange students, teachers, exporting our music, poetry, blue jeans.
It's like I say to young people who ask me about going into journalism: If you want to be loved, don't go into this business.
I'm a liberal, I was born a liberal, and I will be a liberal 'til the day I die.
When you're in the news business, you always expect the unexpected.
Many voters think about the makeup of the Supreme Court when they are choosing a president. The justices deal not only with constitutional issues but also with social issues that were unknown to the founding fathers who wrote the Constitution more than 200 years ago.
Presidents hate the press. They hate me most of the time.
I was in Independence, Missouri when Johnson signed the Medicare bill, with Truman standing there. Truman had first proposed Medicare, but couldn't get it through.
I don't think there are any rude questions.
If we care about the children, the grandchildren, the future generations, we need to make sure that they do not become the cannon fodder of the future.
People will never know how hard it is to get information, especially if it's locked up behind official doors where, if politicians had their way, they'd stamp 'top secret' on the color of the walls.
Truman fired the popular Gen. Douglas MacArthur because he disobeyed orders in the Korean War. Johnson knew that he had reached the endgame in Vietnam when Gen. William Westmoreland, the top commander in Vietnam, requested 240,000 more troops in 1968 for the prolonged war that also could not be won.
War makes strange bedfellows.
This is the worst President ever. He George W. Bush is the worst President in all of American history.
I don't think a tough question is disrespectful.
I'm covering the worst president in American history.
Every President hates the Press.
I think I'll work all my life. When you're having fun, why stop having fun?
You don't spread democracy through the barrel of a gun.
We won't really know what will happen until it happens.
But when will our leaders learn - war is not the answer.
All presidents rail against the press. It goes with the turf.
It's time for women to make their voices heard. Their silence on the subject of war and peace is deafening.
We got the vote, which we should've been born with, in 1920. Everything we've had to struggle for - it's ridiculous.
The White House used to belong to the American people. At least that's what I learned from history books and from covering every president starting with John F. Kennedy.
The sudden ending of a White House career all seems so unceremonious for aides who have personally sacrificed a lot - and sometimes even bent their conscience - to do the president's bidding.
I can remember the morning after President Nixon won re-election in 1972. His chief of staff, H.R. Haldeman, called a Cabinet meeting and told the members: 'You are all a bunch of burned-out volcanoes;' and asked for their resignations.
The United States has tried for years to live down President Franklin D. Roosevelt's order during World War II to move Japanese-Americans on the West Coast to inland detention camps on grounds that they might be disloyal.
I hit the third rail. You cannot criticize Israel in this country and survive.
The day Dick Cheney is going to run for president, I'll kill myself. All we need is one more liar.
Congress, the White House, and Hollywood, Wall Street, are owned by the Zionists.
We have organized lobbyists in favor of Israel. You can't open your mouth. I can call the president of the United States anything in the book, but if you say one thing about Israel, and you're off limits.
Great presidents take stands, and they fight off these people who really are so far to the right. I don't want to call them names, even though they would call me names.
I got into the Kennedy White House because at the time I was president of the Women's National Press Club, and they assigned me to cover the early days of the Kennedy campaign. Jackie especially. Everyone was interested in the family.
In Plains, I saw Jimmy Carter as he really is - a nice, decent man... in terms of compassionate contribution to society, he certainly has proven to be our best past president.
All of us who covered the Reagans agreed that President Reagan was personable and charming, but I'm not so certain he was nice. It's hard for me to think of anyone as 'nice' when I hear him say 'The homeless are homeless because they want to be homeless.'
To my mind, a president should care about all people, and he didn't, which is why I will always feel Reagan lacked soul.
You don't spread democracy with a barrel of a gun.
