American,Actress
Childhood is a short season.
Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
If you rest, you rust.
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy.
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
Legends die hard. They survive as truth rarely does.
Everybody starts at the top, and then has the problem of staying there. Lasting accomplishment, however, is still achieved through a long, slow climb and self-discipline.
One has to grow up with good talk in order to form the habit of it.
Only the poet can look beyond the detail and see the whole picture.
From your parents you learn love and laughter and how to put one foot before the other. But when books are opened you discover that you have wings.
People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me.
The story of a love is not important-what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.
Mere longevity is a good thing for those who watch Life from the side lines. For those who play the game, an hour may be a year, a single day's work an achievement for eternity.
When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee.
I cry out for order and find it only in art.
I'm leaving the screen because I don't think I am very good in the pictures and I have this beautiful dream that I'm elegant on the stage.
The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity - love. And the story of a love is not important - what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.
There's a little vanity chair that Charlie gave me the first Christmas we knew each other. I'll not be parting with that, nor our bed - the four-poster - I'll be needing that to die in.
Every human being on this earth is born with a tragedy, and it isn't original sin. He's born with the tragedy that he has to grow up... a lot of people don't have the courage to do it.
Stardom can be a gilded slavery.
The worst constructed play is a Bach fugue when compared to life.
Actors cannot choose the manner in which they are born. Consequently, it is the one gesture in their lives completely devoid of self-consciousness.
The good die young but not always. The wicked prevail but not consistently. I am confused by life, and I feel safe within the confines of the theatre.
Actors work and slave and it is the color of your hair that can determine your fate in the end.
