American,Historian
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.
Friends are born, not made.
The American President resembles the commander of a ship at sea. He must have a helm to grasp, a course to steer, a port to seek.
Chaos was the law of nature; Order was the dream of man.
Some day science may have the existence of mankind in power, and the human race can commit suicide by blowing up the world.
Simplicity is the most deceitful mistress that ever betrayed man.
All experience is an arch, to build upon.
No man means all he says, and yet very few say all they mean, for words are slippery and thought is viscous.
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
No man likes to have his intelligence or good faith questioned, especially if he has doubts about it himself.
One friend in a lifetime is much, two are many, three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
The Indian Summer of life should be a little sunny and a little sad, like the season, and infinite in wealth and depth of tone, but never hustled.
Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.
I tell you the solemn truth, that the doctrine of the Trinity is not so difficult to accept for a working proposition as any one of the axioms of physics.
It is always good men who do the most harm in the world.
Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts.
They know enough who know how to learn.
The proper study of mankind is woman.
Man is an imperceptible atom always trying to become one with God.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence.
Power is poison. Its effect on Presidents had always been tragic.
Only on the edge of the grave can man conclude anything.
Politics, as a practise, whatever its professions, has always been the systematic organization of hatreds.
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
Thank God, I never was cheerful. I come from the happy stock of the Mathers, who, as you remember, passed sweet mornings reflecting on the goodness of God and the damnation of infants.
A man must now swallow more belief than he can digest.
No man should be in politics unless he would honestly rather not be there.
