American,Public Servant
In just about every area of society, there's nothing more important than ethics.
Economic growth and environmental protection are not at odds. They're opposite sides of the same coin if you're looking at longer-term prosperity.
I'm a straightforward person. I like to be direct with people.
India is a vibrant nation whose strength lies in its commitment to equal rights and to speech, religious and economic freedoms that enrich the lives of all citizens. India is not only the world's largest democracy; it is also a secular, pluralistic society committed to inclusive growth.
There is a very real danger that financial regulation will become a wolf in sheep's clothing.
When you have a big, ugly problem, there's never going to be a neat, elegant solution that is totally painless or without a cost.
Payment systems are critically important for overall market stability. On a typical business day, U.S. payment and settlement systems settle transactions valued at over $13 trillion.
U.S. exports to China have more than quintupled since China entered the WTO and have grown more quickly than imports. In fact, China is America's fastest-growing export market.
The Chinese have done some extraordinary things in terms of the investments they've made in alternative sources of energy.
I think all governments engage in intelligence gathering vis-a-vis other governments.
What I've said repeatedly is, 'I think the auto industry is a very important industry.'
I always told people in the private sector, 'You can be the smartest person in the world, you can have the very best ideas, but if you can't sell them and you can't get other people to work with you, you're not going to succeed.'
As I talk with the Chinese on currency, I encourage them to move much more quickly with opening up their capital markets to competition, because I don't believe the world is going to give them as much time as they would like.
China needs a currency that reflects underlying economic fundamentals.
I've been through periods of stress, turbulence in the market for over the course of my career, various times, and never in any of those other periods have we had the advantage of a strong economy underpinning the markets.
Illiquid asset purchases are all about capital and encouraging private capital to come in.
India is one of the world's largest and most peaceful states with advanced nuclear technologies and has been isolated from the rest of the world on nuclear issues.
For decades, Indians have immigrated to the United States, joined our communities, and raised their families while maintaining their cultural heritage.
As the Indian government has embraced greater economic openness, the creativity and expertise of the Indian workforce has been unleashed onto the world economic stage.
Non-bank financial institutions provide credit that is essential to U.S. businesses and consumers.
The U.S. and China need to take steps - mostly individually, sometimes together - that will have the mutually beneficial effect of supporting and sustaining economic growth.
Too often, we restrict trade that would create U.S. jobs and is in our national interest.
Every global concern - economic, environmental or security-related - can be addressed more effectively when the U.S. and China work together.
Foreclosure is to no one's benefit. I've heard estimates that mortgage investors lose 40 to 50 percent on their investment if it goes into foreclosure.
If you've got a bazooka, and people know you've got it, you may not have to take it out.
I never once considered that it was appropriate to put taxpayer money on the line in resolving Lehman Brothers.
Buying a home today is a complex process, but that in no way excuses home buyers from their obligation for due diligence.
For market discipline to constrain risk effectively, financial institutions must be allowed to fail. Under optimal financial regulatory and financial system infrastructures, such a failure would not threaten the overall system.
I have always tried to live by the philosophy that when there is a big problem that needs fixing, you should run towards it, rather than away from it.
I'm telling you that there is no silver bullet to keep home prices from going down or to prevent all foreclosures.
The most pressing and significant problems in the global economy are unsustainable structural issues with regard to the E.U. - fiscal deficits and the structure of the E.U. itself.
Many of the Western democracies - including the U.S. - have a problem that voters want benefits they don't want to pay for.
