American,Clergyman
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves.
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.
The real man is one who always finds excuses for others, but never excuses himself.
A library is not a luxury but one of the necessities of life.
The sun does not shine for a few trees and flowers, but for the wide world's joy.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road.
The Church is not a gallery for the exhibition of eminent Christians, but a school for the education of imperfect ones.
Love is the river of life in the world.
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.
The difference between perseverance and obstinacy is that one comes from a strong will, and the other from a strong won't.
To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine.
Love cannot endure indifference. It needs to be wanted. Like a lamp, it needs to be fed out of the oil of another's heart, or its flame burns low.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
The worst thing in this world, next to anarchy, is government.
Pride slays thanksgiving, but a humble mind is the soil out of which thanks naturally grow. A proud man is seldom a grateful man, for he never thinks he gets as much as he deserves.
A book is good company. It is full of conversation without loquacity. It comes to your longing with full instruction, but pursues you never.
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.
The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope.
Well married a person has wings, poorly married shackles.
The humblest individual exerts some influence, either for good or evil, upon others.
Theology is a science of mind applied to God.
Selfishness is that detestable vice which no one will forgive in others, and no one is without himself.
I pray on the principle that wine knocks the cork out of a bottle. There is an inward fermentation, and there must be a vent.
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown.
Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart.
In this world, full often, our joys are only the tender shadows which our sorrows cast.
Heaven will be inherited by every man who has heaven in his soul.
The world's battlefields have been in the heart chiefly; more heroism has been displayed in the household and the closet, than on the most memorable battlefields in history.
You have come into a hard world. I know of only one easy place in it, and that is the grave.
What a mother sings to the cradle goes all the way down to the coffin.
God pardons like a mother, who kisses the offense into everlasting forgiveness.
You and I do not see things as they are. We see things as we are.
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality.
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success.
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Mirth is the sweet wine of human life. It should be offered sparkling with zestful life unto God.
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
Compassion will cure more sins than condemnation.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
Law represents the effort of man to organize society; governments, the efforts of selfishness to overthrow liberty.
The advertisements in a newspaper are more full knowledge in respect to what is going on in a state or community than the editorial columns are.
Books are not made for furniture, but there is nothing else that so beautifully furnishes a house.
Faith is spiritualized imagination.
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has.
We steal if we touch tomorrow. It is God's.
It is not well for a man to pray cream and live skim milk.
No man is sane who does not know how to be insane on proper occasions.
Now comes the mystery.
Of all escape mechanisms, death is the most efficient.
Beware of him who hates the laugh of a child.
Books are not men and yet they stay alive.
The true secret of giving advice is, after you have honestly given it, to be perfectly indifferent whether it is taken or not, and never persist in trying to set people right.
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has.
A church debt is the devil's salary.
If a man cannot be a Christian in the place where he is, he cannot be a Christian anywhere.
To know that one has a secret is to know half the secret itself.
The dog is the god of frolic.
The most dangerous people are the ignorant.
All ambitions are lawful except those that climb upward on the miseries or credulities of mankind.
Never forget what a person says to you when they are angry.
The ignorant classes are the dangerous classes.
God appoints our graces to be nurses to other men's weaknesses.
A proud man is seldom a grateful man, for he never thinks he gets as much as he deserves.
Next to ingratitude the most painful thing to bear is gratitude.
There is no faculty of the human soul so persistent and universal as that of hatred.
The head learns new things, but the heart forever practices old experiences.
Suffering is part of the divine idea.
Riches are not an end of life, but an instrument of life.
A man's true state of power and riches is to be in himself.
What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages. Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away.
There are joys which long to be ours. God sends ten thousands truths, which come about us like birds seeking inlet; but we are shut up to them, and so they bring us nothing, but sit and sing awhile upon the roof, and then fly away.
Laugh at your friends, and if your friends are sore; So much the better, you may laugh the more.
You cannot sift out the poor from the community. The poor are indispensable to the rich.
When a nation's young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung.
A Christian is nothing but a sinful man who has put himself to school for Christ for the honest purpose of becoming better.
Expedients are for the hour, but principles are for the ages.
Children are the hands by which we take hold of heaven.
The dog was created specially for children. He is a god of frolic.
A man that does not know how to be angry does not know how to be good.
Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they are going to catch you in next.
Clothes and manners do not make the man; but, when he is made, they greatly improve his appearance.
God asks no man whether he will accept life. That is not the choice. You must take it. The only choice is how.
All men are tempted. There is no man that lives that can't be broken down, provided it is the right temptation, put in the right spot.
