American,Businessman
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
Life is a series of experiences, each one of which makes us bigger, even though sometimes it is hard to realize this. For the world was built to develop character, and we must learn that the setbacks and grieves which we endure help us in our marching onward.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them.
Any colour - so long as it's black.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Competition is the keen cutting edge of business, always shaving away at costs.
It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right.
Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes shine to the stars. Enthusiasm is the sparkle in your eyes, the swing in your gait. The grip of your hand, the irresistible surge of will and energy to execute your ideas.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done.
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.
Exercise is bunk. If you are healthy, you don't need it: if you are sick you should not take it.
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.
You will find men who want to be carried on the shoulders of others, who think that the world owes them a living. They don't seem to see that we must all lift together and pull together.
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets.
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night.
