American,Businessman
Stupid people are ruining America.
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
Most of the people who are in elective office in Washington, D.C., they have held public office before. How's that workin' for you?
Don't blame Wall Street, don't blame the big banks. If you don't have a job and you are not rich, blame yourself!
The only tactic liberals have is to try to intimidate people into thinking that the Tea Party is racist. The Tea Party is not a racist movement, period! If it were, why would the straw polls keep showing that the black guy is winning? That's a rhetorical question. Let me state it: The black guy keeps winning.
We need to lower tax rates for everybody, starting with the top corporate tax rate. We need to simplify the tax code. The ultimate answer, in my opinion, is the fair tax, which is a fair tax for everybody, because as long as we still have this messed-up tax code, the politicians are going to use it to reward winners and losers.
I challenge anybody to say that I wouldn't know how to approach foreign policy because, unlike some of the other people, I at least have a foreign policy philosophy, which is an extension of the Reagan philosophy. Peace through strength, and my philosophy is peace through strength and clarity.
The endorsement process is an evolution. What you try to do is you endorse someone that you believe in and their ideas and their solutions align with yours.
We need responsible regulations, not regulations that have gone wild. For example, the EPA has a rule that is going to be implemented Jan. 1, 2012, where they're going to begin to regulate dust. That's right, dust. It's called PM 2.5. That is focusing on the wrong thing.
The biggest - one of the biggest barriers to driving economic growth is the capital gains tax rate. I propose taking it to zero.
Nobody motivates today's workers. If it doesn't come from within, it doesn't come. Fun helps remove the barriers that allow people to motivate themselves.
One right decision doth not a great president make.
The Democrats co-opted the credit for the Civil Rights Act of 1964. But if you go back and look at the history, a larger percentage of Republicans voted for that than did Democrats. But a Democrat president signed it, so they co-opted credit for having passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
My motivation for running for Senate was not for the stature of being a senator, but because I wanted to make a difference on issues I feel passionate about.
In order to fix Social Security, we must restructure it so that we continue to provide for our Nation's seniors that are approaching retirement age, but allow for younger taxpayers to invest a portion of their Social Security taxes in private accounts.
Americans need accurate information in order to consider Social Security reform. Too bad the media can't be counted upon to provide it.
I didn't know I was a conservative when it didn't matter to me growing up.
The one thing that the President can do is to establish a real energy independence plan. We have all the recources we need right here in this country to establish energy independence if we had the leadership.
If the world market believed that we were serious about energy independence and we were going to utilize all of our own existing resources, the speculators would stop speculating up they start speculating down as we get our own oil out of the ground.
It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job.
The past several months I have been able to meet with people across this country. One thing is clear: America craves for real solutions to the problems we face. That's why I'm running for President of the United States.
Spending time at the Federal Reserve was a good learning opportunity for me. It helped me to understand economic philosophies and polices that I had not previously known about.
I started at Pillsbury as a manager in one of their analysis functions, then worked my way up the corporate ladder to become vice president. Moving to Burger King was an important moment in my career.
People who oppose Obama are said to be racists - so I guess I'm a racist.
I'm not a professional politician. I'm a professional problem solver, and I believe we should cut the salaries of senators and congressmen 10 percent until they balance the budget. I call that conservative common sense.
The thing that differs me from a lot of other people running for the President of the United States is that I focus on the problem first. Then I focus on what the solution is.
My message of common-sense solutions is resonating with people. People around the country are starting to know who I am and starting to identify me with solutions, not rhetoric.
Just call me Mr. Cain. And in 2013, they can call me Mr. President.
People sometimes hold themselves back because they want to use racism as an excuse for them not being able to achieve what they want to achieve.
I'm very particular about the pizza that I eat. Godfather's is still a premium-quality product, and I cannot always find that. It's got to be as good as Godfather's or I won't eat it.
I used to vote Democrat.
I've never sexually harassed anyone, and yes, I was falsely accused while I was at the National Restaurant Association.
I ran for president in order to be able to try to change Washington D.C. from the inside. Our federal government is broken.
I do not believe abortion should be legal.
I was Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. As you know, there are twelve banks and they have their citizens board, and I got elected to the Fed Chairmanship for the Federal Reserve Kansas City Bank back in the mid-'90s. It might have been 1995-'96.
Polls are inaccurate in my opinion, based upon anecdotal evidence, based upon people that I know.
We as voters, have long hoped that we would get a businessman instead of a politician in order to help fix America's problems. Well, I am that businessman.
I honestly believe that there's an element in this country, in our politics, that does not want to see a businessman succeed at getting the nomination for the Republican party, and does not want me to succeed at becoming President of the United States of America.
My approach to cutting spending as president, is to do a ten percent across the board cut of all federal agencies, and then ask each of my new agency heads to find another ten percent by drilling down. That's what you do in business to come up with approximately 20 percent cuts for the first fiscal year budget.
The real problem is clean up the bureaucracy that people have to deal with to become a citizen the right way. And we must truly secure the border. We can't leave it porous.
I haven't learned to be politically correct yet.
I believe in traditional marriage and I believe in the Defense of Marriage Act.
