American,Novelist
I am, as I am; whether hideous, or handsome, depends upon who is made judge.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
A smile is the chosen vehicle of all ambiguities.
We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men.
There is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast. Nothing exists in itself.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
There is no dignity in wickedness, whether in purple or rags; and hell is a democracy of devils, where all are equals.
There is one knows not what sweet mystery about this sea, whose gently awful stirrings seem to speak of some hidden soul beneath.
There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes his whole universe for a vast practical joke.
To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be that have tried it.
It is not down in any map; true places never are.
Art is the objectification of feeling.
Hope is the struggle of the soul, breaking loose from what is perishable, and attesting her eternity.
In this world, shipmates, sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without passport; whereas Virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.
A man thinks that by mouthing hard words he understands hard things.
A whale ship was my Yale College and my Harvard.
To be hated cordially, is only a left-handed compliment.
He piled upon the whale's white hump the sum of all the general rage and hate felt by his whole race from Adam down; and then, as if his chest had been a mortar, he burst his hot heart's shell upon it.
They talk of the dignity of work. The dignity is in leisure.
To the last, I grapple with thee; From Hell's heart, I stab at thee; For hate's sake, I spit my last breath at thee.
Where do murderers go, man! Who's to doom, when the judge himself is dragged to the bar?
Whatever fortune brings, don't be afraid of doing things.
Is there some principal of nature which states that we never know the quality of what we have until it is gone?
There are times when even the most potent governor must wink at transgression, in order to preserve the laws inviolate for the future.
Let America first praise mediocrity even, in her children, before she praises... the best excellence in the children of any other land.
