American,Actress
To me, working out is literally like eating a meal or drinking water or breathing.
'Oh, the Places You'll Go!,' by Dr. Seuss, is still one of my favorite books ever.
You only have one life and if you're not doing what you love, what's the point?
It's how you look at beauty. Is it only an outward appearance with hair and makeup and a hot body, or is it something deeper than that?
One thing I've learned: You never know where life is taking you, but it's taking you.
I can remember crying on the set of Beverly Hills 90210 after being released from the show a few years ago.
I don't know what I did in this life to deserve all of this. I'm just a girl from a trailer park who had a dream.
I grew up in a trailer park in Bellingham, Washington.
I haven't tucked a sock in my pants for three years.
The truth is, after Boys Don't Cry, I realized how few and far between the great roles are. I am beyond thankful for finding Million Dollar Baby.
I had to fight my whole life to break out of my circumstances. That's just part of my makeup.
My relaxation has always been my animals - going to the dog park with them, going to the beach.
I really chase the things that I want.
I think about how I'm spending my money, and I like to spend on my family.
Growing up in a lower-income family, you don't have the resources to make ends meet and you have to find creative ways to get by.
I don't think people should have boundaries put on them, by themselves or society or another gender, because it's our birthright to experience life in whatever way we feel best suits us.
Few people know this about me, but I love baking pies.
I like to play women who blaze trails.
I love to travel. I'm a curious person.
It's a quality of my life that I wouldn't change for the world, having grown up with such a humble background.
I'm certainly not very book smart, but I started traveling at 16, and it has enriched me in ways I could never begin to explain.
I took 'P.S. I Love You' thinking it was going to be a little funny, and I ended up crying every day on that film.
There's so much more to life than looking a certain way.
I think that we're all continually searching for who we are, and that's ever-evolving and changing.
Learning how to fly, for me, was so euphoric.
One of the great things about my job is I get to do all of these things that I may not experience had I not been an actor.
