American,Actor
Once you have a felony conviction on your record, one of the most difficult things to do is to break the cycle of recidivism.
The word 'courage,' one of my favorite words, the root or the etymology of that word is 'cour,' which means heart. I think true courage is actually following your heart and not getting or succumbing to what other people's definition of what your life should be. Live your life.
The best way to protect young black, brown, men of color, women of color, is to actually stop profiling, stop the prejudice, and stop the judgment first.
Many of us are in are in our own prisons that aren't made of iron bars.
I studied theater in college, and I absolutely knew that I loved acting, and I knew that I loved theater.
All work and no play make any forensic pathologist a dull boy.
The longer you hold a dollar, the longer you hold money, the more valuable it becomes over time. So the younger you are, the more ability you have to hold money longer term.
You can live a healthy lifestyle and do the best to be aware of your body and conscious, and that's what I attempt to do.
If you can't get excited about living life, then what are you doing?
You can't have justice unless you have truth.
Poverty existed before January 20, 2008, OK? Before President Obama took office.
I've gotten a firsthand view at the destruction that black men and black women not being able to stay and build healthy relationships has had on the black family and black children.
My friend is a former race car driver, so he races for Mercedes, and I root for him. I have a car that I love to race, I'll take it to the track.
Most people aren't honest with themselves about money.
I believe we all have the capacity to be masters of many things, and there's nothing that we can't do. You can be a great actor and also be a great writer. There's so many things that all of us have the capacity to do. But somehow, life tries to convince us that we'd be lucky to do even one thing well, and I disagree.
Men and women can absolutely be friends, and that's what we need to be. Part of the problem is that we aren't friends enough. Our relationships are negotiations, and that is not friendship.
If you have a debt issue or credit card issue, start dealing with it. If you have a tax issue, don't just say, 'I'm not going to file.' There are ways to deal with these things, but you must communicate with your creditors, whether it's a credit card company or tax department.
Credit card interest payments are the dumbest money of all.
You deserve a great life. I want to see you become unreasonably happy. And you can. And you will.
So many of our young women today, they're growing up without a father, but they're still thirsty for that and desiring positive male love.
Since I'm in the entertainment business, I think I have to hold a mirror up to myself and say, 'Am I complicit in miseducating and misinforming our youth by participating in this business, or can I use this business to re-educate and uplift?'
People always think about what prison is. What prison really is - it's not a physical challenge, it's mental.
My first two books, 'Letters to a Young Brother' and 'Letters to a Young Sister,' were... distributed pretty widely. Judges in juvenile justice facilities started citing the book as required reading.
You never know what's going on in someone's life. You never know what's really going on behind what they present.
Roles make the actor.
Fundamentally, we all want the same thing. We want to love. We want to be loved, and we want to matter.
Part of the problem I find with money books is that there's this whole set of money books that make you feel almost guilty to spend a dollar.
I think our biggest problem is lack of real, honest communication between black men and black women. A lot of men talk amongst men, and a lot of women speak amongst women.
'The Conversation' will hopefully touch on issues that will move people to want to strengthen communication and look to each other for solutions.
I've been trying to make a difference as an actor. I want to play characters that move people, have them look at their lives differently, or give them an escape.
Whatever your calling is as a service, follow it - that's beautiful.
The media is convincing people that if you have that 'next thing,' that diamond, the right car, then you'd be happier.
I believe that reality TV should be called 'not reality' TV; it's fiction.
Obviously, this whole 'no child left behind' idea is more rhetoric than actual practice.
My parents both are physicians, and my grandfathers were both physicians.
Without writers, none of the entertainment would exist. It starts with writers. Writers are the most important piece of the entire puzzle.
I love making films, but the best roles are hard to come by.
I champion the idea of being more conscious. I call it being an active architect of your own life. Building your life like an architect builds a structure.
Here's the deal: I believe - and I attempt to live my life this way - we all have more time than we think we do. We all waste so much time.
When I'm acting, that's all I'm doing. When I'm not acting, I'm not thinking about acting. If I'm writing, I'm just writing.
Intimacy can be about holding someone's hand. It could be about stroking their hair.
I say 'date potential.' The reason why is no matter who you date, anyway, five years from now, you're going to be different, and he's going to be different. The key is to really find somebody that you can grow with that you can change with, evolve with and that you can be partners with.
What I've found in doing research is that men want a relationship that feels fun. In other words, they want a relationship that has qualities or elements of their same-sex relationships - just like women do, too.
We're living in a time, unfortunately, where, you know, a lot of young men, particularly young men of color, being raised by single mothers. And their mothers so desperately want to connect with them, but I found, in talking with a lot of young men, that sometimes it's difficult.
With my first book, 'A Letter to a Young Brother,' I figured it would be my only book I was ever going to write. What happened with that is a lot of young men would reach out to me.
I'm really proud of the characters I've been able to play. Certainly, playing the character on 'CSI' as Dr. Sherman Hawkes is a wonderful stereotype-busting role.
Whenever there's an opportunity to celebrate the written word and celebrate the folks that read the written word, and, I think, to encourage other writers to write and encourage folks to read more and get connected to it in a personal way, it's a positive thing.
For me, self-esteem-building and confidence-building is the foundation for anything that we do, whether you want to be a writer, a painter, or a entrepreneur.
We all have inherited so many types of fears, whether they're race-based, culture-based, gender-based, age-based, family-based. And then we get comfortable with these fears.
It's important for someone like me - who's known Obama for 20 years - to speak the truth. I know him to be a Christian man. I know him to be one of the greatest patriots.
People are afraid of an unorganized, wasteful government.
It's heartening when people hear for the first time that their vote really matters.
Voting is an individual, personal thing.
My father passed from cancer in 2000; his brother died of cancer before that. My grandfather died of cancer.
In acting class, teachers talk about how the 'givens' of a situation help define a character.
No matter how bad something gets, no matter where you come from, you can achieve anything. I really do believe that.
We all have choices we have to make, and with those choices come certain sacrifices.
The wealth cure is looking at your life step by step - making a diagnosis and saying, 'Am I using money or is money using me?'
Certainly, those of us in the entertainment industry, we are part of creating fear in people - 'fear' for me stands for 'false evidence appearing real.' We create fantasy, and in certain ways that's wonderful because it allows people to escape. But it can suck people into wanting to achieve something that isn't real.
The most impactful place that I've been to where I was just completely awestruck, happy, moved is Victoria Falls between Zambia and Zimbabwe. It is probably the most beautiful and romantic place in the world.
My favorite vacation spot is a beautiful beach. I've been to many, many beaches on many continents: Mombasa, the Dominican Republic, the Bahamas, Bermuda, Barbados, Mexico and the U.S. What's beautiful about beach communities is for whatever reason, they feel like vacation to me.
Change happens from the bottom up - all of us as individuals deciding that we will and we do have an impact.
My father, obviously, and my mother were inspirations. My uncle, Frank Harper, he was an absolute mentor for me.
There will always be crazy things that happen in our lives, but love is the central connector. If we commit to love and partnership, the other stuff doesn't matter.
The real important things are kindness and a sense of humor. I've been fortunate to have dated and could have easily married women who have those qualities, and time and circumstances didn't work out. Timing plays a big part.
What's interesting is with a lot of the work I do through my foundation, the 'Manifest Your Destiny' foundation, we really encourage people, and we attempt to empower, uplift and inspire people to live out their dreams, live out their destiny.
I'm not telling anyone, 'Quit your job and be homeless to go for your dream.'
I've read a number of relationship books out there. A lot are written towards women.
There's nothing wrong with wanting a partner and doing the things to have one. To protect ourselves, we have to say, 'I don't need one.'
You can't build anything with a flimsy foundation. Friendship is the foundation.
I will not reach my full potential as a man unless I find my partner.
Even when you're out with someone, you need to get out of your head. And you can try exercises by putting yourself in situations where you may not feel completely comfortable, like going to a gallery opening on your own.
We all have different timetables in reaching and realizing that being in healthy partnership is better than being on our own.
Part of the problem in today's world is that many men are taught that they have to 'make it' before they should even consider committed to a healthy partnership.
Part of getting other people to focus on the future rather than being myopically focused on the present is about living that way yourself and showing that you can make choices today that are about future outcomes and still be having a great time into the present and enjoying your life.
My undergraduate studies at Brown and graduate degrees from Harvard prepared me for a multifaceted career as an actor, entrepreneur and philanthropist.
I've made money in real estate, hotel, and restaurant investments.
At the end of a down day on Wall Street, we all need to be able to sleep peacefully at night. That comfort won't come from our bank balance.
Being a celebrity doesn't have an iota of value when you're looking death in the eye.
