American,Inventor
Most of us have fond memories of food from our childhood. Whether it was our mom's homemade lasagna or a memorable chocolate birthday cake, food has a way of transporting us back to the past.
The significance of the cherry blossom tree in Japanese culture goes back hundreds of years. In their country, the cherry blossom represents the fragility and the beauty of life. It's a reminder that life is almost overwhelmingly beautiful but that it is also tragically short.
When we think of classic American desserts, we tend to imagine apple pie and ice cream. However, the most classic American dessert of all might be the chocolate chip cookie.
The only projects that excite me have to be tied to some aspect of social change. No matter how beautiful, a coffee book doesn't exactly move you to change the way you cook or eat.
The cherry blossom tree is truly a sight to behold, especially when it is in full riotous bloom. There are several varieties of the cherry blossom tree, and while most of them produce flowering branches full of small pinkish-hued flowers, some of them produce actual cherries.
With a little more tweaking, we could make orange juice in the orange without any packaging or processing.
From a very young age, I liked to take apart things. All of my Christmas gifts would wind up in a million pieces. I actually recall taking apart my dad's lawnmower three times to understand how combustible engines work.
I love a great conspiracy story. Who doesn't?
Whether you are new to the scene or a long-time grillmaster, everyone has unique preferences when it comes to their cooking method of choice. From propane to charcoal to wood, people take their method of grilling quite seriously, and some argue quite passionately about the pros and cons of each method.
My goal is to spread ideas. Trends always start at the top.
Algae is the perfect food plant. It doubles cell mass every twelve hours, depending on the strain.
If you have time-release pills, you could have time-release expanding cheesecakes.
According to the supermarkets, there is no such thing as 'out of season.' Berries in the middle of February? Why not? Seafood flown in from Japan? Sure. While it all adds up to appetizing and varied meals throughout the year, regardless of the weather, it comes with a price tag - both ethical and financial.
Urban farming is not only possible, it is crucial. But it can't be like the farming techniques of yore.
I am a firm believer that if you can explain it to a kid, you're on the right track.
From food trucks to hot dog stands to county fair favorites, 'street food' has enjoyed a rich and storied history in American cuisine. However, street food has been around for thousands of years. In fact, street food is believed to have originated as far back as Ancient Rome.
A molecular gastronomist is really just someone who explores the world of science and food.
In time, foods such as hamburgers and ice cream became more than just meals. They became part of American history and culture, touchstones that are almost immediately nostalgic and sentimental no matter how old you are or what part of the country you are from.
We could eliminate sugar across the board for all confectionary products and sodas, and we can replace it with all-natural fresh fruit.
A food's value is based on how good it tastes.
If you could eat portions of pine trees, you could eliminate corn in many ways.
There's just a certain fear that people have when they put meat coming out of a printer in their mouth.
I was just taught very early that if I didn't solve problems, I was headed for a very dark path. Problems were everywhere. Now, even if there are no problems, I look for problems. I'm like, 'You know what? I don't like the way this spoon works. I want to design a new spoon.'
I can't think of a time in the history of man when food was in excess. We're dealing with the same old problems we've dealt with for 60,000 years.
The Japanese have a long lifespan in part because they eat different forms of algae.
The world is full of challenges, but with those come opportunity, and I'm an opportunist.
