American,Actress
The older you get, the more you realize that the way you look is a reflection of how you treat yourself.
I feel like I'm one of the happiest people I know.
Every summer my husband and I pack our suitcases, load our kids into the car, and drive from tense, crowded New York City to my family's cottage in Maine. It's on an island, with stretches of sea and sandy beaches, rocky coasts, and pine trees. We barbecue, swim, lie around, and try to do nothing.
I'm way too disorganized.
Storytelling is what lights my fire.
There's nothing I love more than a good cry.
I like to work. I enjoy once a year, doing a film.
I'm usually called upon to play the dreary suicidal girl.
I get to play a lot of hysterics.
You know how a lot of people say they could go crazy? Well, I feel I live very close to that line.
I'm not really high-strung now, but I was a very high-strung child.
I just love to make a whole roomful of people laugh.
I'm a New Yorker, and I rarely get to work at home.
I travel all the time, and I have two small children.
I haven't frequented a nail salon in a long time.
I have a husband and children, and it affects me deeply that somebody could be taken away in a second.
When my dad needed a shirt ironed, he would yell downstairs to my mother, who would drop everything and iron his shirt.
I have not spent years in therapy; I tried therapy in my mid-twenties, and it did not go very well. I just thought, 'This is so not for me. I would rather talk to one of my girlfriends.'
I'm not at a point in my life when I'm analyzing too much.
I've seen a lot of the United States, having stayed in so many different cities and towns for work.
I love stories that give me a perspective on how easy American life has become in the 21st century.
It's too easy to sum up a person's character in one negative instant, and it doesn't put anything good out into the world.
The network shows tend to be run, in general, in my experience, by committee, and it's hard for actors and writers to do their jobs.
I've seen a lot of the United States, having stayed in so many different cities and towns for work. It's such a strange and fascinating country, and instead of learning about it through a textbook, I would rather discover its history and traditions and institutions through fiction and nonfiction writers.
I have not spent years in therapy; I tried therapy in my mid-twenties, and it did not go very well. I just thought, 'This is so not for me. I would rather talk to one of my girlfriends.' I'm not at a point in my life when I'm analyzing too much. I have young children, and I'm just pretty much crazed.
I would do 'American Splendor' and 'About Schmidt' again in a heartbeat.
