American,Actor
I've never been on a TV show for more than a season and you have to continually keep it interesting and you have to keep it connected, even as you change.
I have a million acquaintances but just two or three true friends. I can't hide anything from them.
To explore different parts of yourself and different emotional lives... not to hide from who you are but to actually explore who you are.
The coming together of like-minded individuals through action is what's needed to see wide spread change for us, our planet and its creatures.
I want to bulk up. I'm a skinny guy.
No one knows what women want!
Every love story needs a catalyst of some sort.
A lot of things that happen in the world make me a bit crazy.
Love is tested in so many ways. How do I articulate this? Two people are together. There are stakes, strife, struggles, all these things that make us fall for someone, love someone even more, leave someone.
Before vampires were aesthetically appealing, they were physical anomalies and ostracized outsiders whom we banished to the dark, and they didn't have the appeal that they do now.
We're made up of energy, so who's to say you can't transmit through electrical means? If you could transmit yourself wirelessly, then it's Armageddon pretty much.
I don't know how to do anything else other than be an actor. If I wasn't in this, I would be in alternative energy and conservation.
They say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. It's the same way with women... or at least the ones I want to be with.
I kind of think too much, I try do too many things at once.
You can't get anywhere without the people who have come into your life.
I never wanted to be one of those actors with a political agenda.
I'm not a negative person.
There are always decades that interest people. For me, that's the Roaring Twenties.
I don't ever want anything to come in the way of me truthfully telling a story.
I appreciate the response and the support of fans, of people who actually don't mind watching me on screen... I just don't ever want to jeopardize that.
My great-grandchildren will not be able to enjoy the Gulf Coast of Louisiana the way I have.
I aim to direct as much as I act at some point in time.
You spend enough time on set as an actor and it's great when a director was at some point an actor or understands acting. They're able to finesse performances out of you that a lot directors can't get.
I've sorta learned that I'm so tired of taking myself so seriously. It's so great to show up at work and truly enjoy every word you say.
It's so great to show up at work and truly enjoy every word you say.
I work with the Humane Society a lot and have three rescue cats.
I have the attention span of a mosquito from multitasking and all the things that have affected my poor little brain.
