American,Photographer
I was brought up on art. My father thought I had a great hand at art and sent me to art school. But he did not want me to become a photographer.
Everybody who does anything for the public can be criticized. There's always someone who doesn't like it.
Anybody is influenced by where and how he lives.
I don't think there's any such thing as teaching people photography, other than influencing them a little. People have to be their own learners. They have to have a certain talent.
I became kind of a drop-out in science after I came back to America. I wanted to photograph.
I told the students that whatever they did in class was for the wastebasket.
Well, I turn people into human beings by not making them into gods.
I never stopped photographing. There were a couple of years when I didn't have a darkroom, but that didn't stop me from photographing.
I don't know what love means.
I don't love the world. I think Jupiter should have hit us.
My mind is vacant on names, but I know him as well as anything. When I need names they drop out of my head; when I don't need them they drop back.
Get it out of your historic head.
It's silly to keep people alive who have a terrible disease.
I hate big models.
I was poor. When you're poor you work, and when you're rich you expect somebody to hand it to you. So I think being reasonably poor is very good for people.
I don't resent anything.
I think San Francisco is the best place in the whole world for an easy life.
When People magazine called me, I did the job on Ansel. I'm older than Ansel and he has to mind me.
I turn people into human beings by not making them into gods.
When people ask me silly questions about my private life, I just say, I don't discuss that.
Oh, you ask me, what is the greatest torture of a person who does portraits for a living? I could fill several volumes with nice nasty stories. I don't know.
Some people say to me, Isn't it too bad that people discovered you so late? I never thought that.
When you do portraits professionally it's not a desire, it's for money.
A woman said to me when she first sat down, You're photographing the wrong side of my face. I said, Oh, is there one?
I was invited to photograph Hollywood. They asked me what I would like to photograph. I said, Ugly men.
I don't talk about success. I don't know what it is. Wait until I'm dead.
