American,Novelist
The very essence of literature is the war between emotion and intellect, between life and death. When literature becomes too intellectual - when it begins to ignore the passions, the emotions - it becomes sterile, silly, and actually without substance.
Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life.
A story to me means a plot where there is some surprise. Because that is how life is - full of surprises.
For those who are willing to make an effort, great miracles and wonderful treasures are in store.
When you betray somebody else, you also betray yourself.
The greatness of art is not to find what is common but what is unique.
I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens.
Our knowledge is a little island in a great ocean of nonknowledge.
Sometimes love is stronger than a man's convictions.
When I was a little boy, they called me a liar, but now that I am grown up, they call me a writer.
If you keep on saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet.
There is great treasure there behind our skull and this is true about all of us. This little treasure has great, great powers, and I would say we only have learnt a very, very small part of what it can do.
The waste basket is the writer's best friend.
We must believe in free will, we have no choice.
If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet.
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
The second half of the twentieth century is a complete flop.
A good writer is basically a story teller, not a scholar or a redeemer of mankind.
I am thankful, of course, for the prize and thankful to God for each story, each idea, each word, each day.
Originality is not seen in single words or even in sentences. Originality is the sum total of a man's thinking or his writing.
There will be no justice as long as man will stand with a knife or with a gun and destroy those who are weaker than he is.
We know what a person thinks not when he tells us what he thinks, but by his actions.
We have to believe in free-will. We've got no choice.
Life is God's novel. Let him write it.
Doubt is part of all religion. All the religious thinkers were doubters.
The analysis of character is the highest human entertainment.
