American,Musician
Eventually, the bad boy image affects fans' willingness to show up.
Everybody has their ups and downs, and that's what makes you tougher.
Getting to make the music, and having a good time doing it, is the most important thing to us.
But anyone who knows anything about the music industry knows it's not only about the music.
Being an entrepreneur means being a creative businessperson.
Word of mouth is way more important than millions of dollars spent marketing.
Don't misunderstand good manners for passivity.
I've got angels watching out for me.
We pushed our first record, 'Boomerang,' to different labels, but it was hard for them to see though the 'white guys singing R&B' thing.
It is a growing process. You can't just like beer. You have to start somewhere and learn the different flavors.
I'm a proud family man.
My parents were never condescending to us. They treated us like adults from a very young age.
Texas is a pretty free state.
When we show up in a city, we ask, 'Where's the best restaurant? What's the best beer?' You start doing that, and you get exposed to a lot of great stuff.
The crowds in Milwaukee are awesome.
One of the things I want to do as an artist is to connect generations.
People my age don't always know where their music comes from.
Actually, I don't think there's anyone that represents the artists, except the artists themselves.
Christmas albums are not something you do frequently.
There are very few people who have done more than one Christmas album.
I enjoyed making this album a lot because of the knowledge we acquired over the last 3 years.
There are so many lovely cities around the U.S., around the world, that it's almost impossible to pick one.
Yes it was we, are a few years back parted from our record company and took the album that we were making with them and released it independently in the United States had a number one Independent debut in the United States.
I think downloading is both saving and killing the music industry at the same time.
Working with Yahoo! allows us to give our fans a chance to listen to our songs, check out the video, purchase our new album, win tickets to our show, and chat with us all in one place.
I'm doing what I do for the right reasons. I love the music that I make.
'MMMbop' ultimately is about trying to see the positive in the negative, trying to see the positive relationships you'll have the in the face of challenge and strife.
Luckily, I'm in a band with two other guys who really pull their own weight and have the skills and abilities to compensate for my weaknesses.
The artist-audience relationship is the most valuable thing, and anything you can do to fuel the long-term potential of that relationship is of value to you.
Careers are like roller coasters. You go up, you go down, and you spin yourself around.
Hanson plays music that is very much a part of everything.
Sometimes a chord on a guitar will somehow spur some thought in your head, and you will write a song about it.
People often ask us if we had direct influences. Honestly, just a lot of different music - not necessarily individual people. We listen to anything from Bob Dylan to Massive Attack to Aerosmith to En Vogue. We very much enjoy all that music.
Everybody feels up sometimes, they feel down sometimes, sometimes they feel sideways, sometimes they feel weird. And the beauty of music is you can express all those different feelings in all the different songs you write. And hopefully, people can identify with those.
Every book has to start with a first chapter, and I think that 'Middle of Nowhere,' 'Mmmbop' and 'Where Is the Love' are good places to start for us. I don't think it's a bad place.
It's really crazy to be 36 years old and to have been doing something for 25 years.
I don't get sick of 'MMMBop' in any way shape or form, and I don't know why I would.
I think there are a variety of misconceptions that go along with what 'MMMBop' and our band has been perceived as from the beginning, but I have absolutely no qualms whatsoever about playing 'MMMBop.'
Hanson is not the pop band that a lot of people think we are. I think we're a lot more rooted in a lot of music history... we're songwriters, we're singers, we're players first. We're not entertainers, we're not celebrities, and frankly, we don't really want to be.
Our parents were really, really grounded people but also really ambitious people, meaning they saw our ambition and were willing to help us chase it.
I am continually pleasantly surprised by how many people are showing up at shows and are younger than our first record.
There's no problem with fans and bands. There's a problem with the economics of the outside disruption of the industry.
'MMMBop' took about a year to actually get completed. The chorus idea had really been around for a long time, and then we built the song around it.
You just have to be yourself and make music you feel from your gut, and hopefully, your audience will respond.
I was totally offended when people said we were like *Nsync. I've got nothing against them. I know those guys. But comparing us was lame. It was apples and oranges.
What's really important is that all we ever were was a band. And all we ever wanted to be was a band.
In a phrase: I always hope it keeps getting better.
As much as we were very proud of being a pop band, I know we never felt like we fit into that category.
We felt like, first and foremost, we were songwriters.
I joke that we're not dissimilar to a rock band in the '70s.
The only way that you can ever continue to have a career and have success and have hits is if you are honest to yourself in the same way that you were in the beginning.
At some point, you decide to take something you really like and turn it into a business you love.
There are some seminal things that happened in the '70s for me: Billy Joel and Jackson 5.
Yes, our band will change and evolve, but we want to establish the reality of what this band truly sounds like.
We have always adapted ourselves to the songs instead of vice versa.
When we were younger, we sang at the dinner table. We started doing two part harmony, then three part, and then we added back up tapes and instruments.
Ultimately, our goal was to be a band and be recognized for our songs and making records. And I think that has been the case.
We can do things that are very, very simple to us that can have a huge impact on others.
I have a hard time with musicians who act like pricks because it just makes me mad. I just sit there and I go, 'You know what, dude, no matter whether you're in a band just surviving or you're in a bus playing stadiums, one way or another, you're still among the rare breed of people that are actually getting paid to do it.'
It's hard to complain when you say, 'We're gonna go to the clip where Helen Hunt and Will Ferrell are on 'Saturday Night Live' making fun of your song.'
We've always been proud of what we've done.
For better or worse, we have evolved for sure, but we've also maintained a certain core about who we are, which is we were raised on late '50s and early '60s rock n' roll and R&B, and you can always hear that throughout. And that's just always been who we were. As much as we've evolved, that's stayed the same.
You can call Hanson a whole lot of things, but hip-hop isn't one of them.
A lot of potential scenarios create challenges. It's all about how you grew up, values instilled in you.
Kids will ask us 'How do you become famous?' It's the wrong question. Focus on the craft, not on the fame.
I'm a bit of a hothead in certain circumstances, but you've got to temper it because your fans are there, and they've paid good money to see a show.
Everybody has their demons; everyone has their challenges.
There are a lot of dynamics and a lot of politics that go into records and getting played on the radio.
Most of our shows are about two and a half hours long.
There needs to be leadership in the heartland of America.
We're Midwestern guys who grew up listening to soul music.
There's something extraordinary about selling millions and millions of albums.
Our songs all carry the same way.
We're just going to be ourselves, and we're just going to cross our fingers and hope that people like it. Because that's all you can do.
