American,Businessman
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
My love of fine art increased - the more of it I saw, the more of it I wanted to see.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man.
In Japan, I was immensely impressed by the politeness, industrious nature and conscientiousness of the Japanese people.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves.
The Roaring Twenties were the period of that Great American Prosperity which was built on shaky foundations.
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.
You cannot further the Brotherhood of Man by encouraging class hatred.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
There are one hundred men seeking security to one able man who is willing to risk his fortune.
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success.
The man who comes up with a means for doing or producing almost anything better, faster or more economically has his future and his fortune at his fingertips.
Nostalgia often leads to idle speculation.
I was brought up in an era when thrift was still considered a virtue.
I am - and have always been - a Methodist.
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
Books, like proverbs, receive their chief value from the stamp and esteem of the ages through which they have passed.
You cannot bring about prosperity without discouraging thrift.
The rich are not born sceptical or cynical. They are made that way by events, circumstances.
Going to work for a large company is like getting on a train. Are you going sixty miles an hour or is the train going sixty miles an hour and you're just sitting still?
I buy when other people are selling.
My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil.
A marriage contract to me is as binding as any in business, and I have always believed in sticking to an agreement.
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business.
I take pride in the creation of my wealth, in its existence and in the uses to which it has been and is being put.
Jack Dempsey and I became friends in the very early 1920s.
I have absolutely no intention of marrying Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
How does one measure the success of a museum?
