American,Activist
As a medical doctor, it is my duty to evaluate the situation with as much data as I can gather and as much expertise as I have and as much experience as I have to determine whether or not the wish of the patient is medically justified.
Yes, we need euthanasia, for certain cases where people are in comas or too immobile to even press a button.
The patient's autonomy always, always should be respected, even if it is absolutely contrary - the decision is contrary to best medical advice and what the physician wants.
My ultimate aim is to make euthanasia a positive experience.
If you don't have liberty and self-determination, you've got nothing, that's what this is what this country is built on. And this is the ultimate self-determination, when you determine how and when you're going to die when you're suffering.
My intent was to carry out my duty as a doctor, to end their suffering. Unfortunately, that entailed, in their cases, ending of the life.
I will admit, like Socrates and Aristotle and Plato and some other philosophers, that there are instances where the death penalty would seem appropriate.
I don't persuade to suicide.
The American people are sheep. They're comfortable, rich, working. It's like the Romans, they're happy with bread and their spectator sports. The Super Bowl means more to them than any right.
Five to six thousand people die every year waiting for organs, but nobody cares.
When history looks back, it will prove what I'll die knowing.
This is not a trial. This is a lynching. There is no law.
You're basing your laws and your whole outlook on natural life on mythology. It won't work. That's why you have all these problems in the world. Name them: India, Pakistan, Ireland. Name them-all these problems. They're all religious problems.
Everyone is going to die.
What looks like enjoyment is the sneer of contempt. That's not a smile.
I have no regrets, none whatsoever.
Let's hope you feel better now.
I'm not lying to myself like most people.
I'm for absolute autonomy of the individual, and an adult, competent woman has absolute autonomy. It's her choice.
The patient decides when it's best to go.
The Supreme Court of the United States... has validated the Nazi method of execution in... concentration camps, starving them to death.
Among doctors in general, I think more than half support what I'm doing.
My religion centers in different areas than what's considered conventional religion.
You can cite me for contempt, Your Honor. I don't care.
A transfer of money should never be involved in this profound situation. Although illness is profound, too, but medicine's a business today. It's a business.
I don't enjoy good food. I don't enjoy flashy cars. I don't care if I live in a dump. I don't enjoy good clothes. This is the best I've dressed in months.
I'm not the kind of guy who has best friends.
I'm not a romantic.
You've gotta know what death is to know life!
The single worst moment of my life... was the moment I was born.
I am not a sentimental person.
We are all terminal.
I suppose, if helping a patient die is killing, I suppose I'm a killer.
I think the Supreme Court does have the authority, which is not used, to declare a blanket right for all people, all adults.
How can you regret helping a suffering patient?
The law is cruel.
Anytime you interfere with a natural process, you're playing God. God determines what happens naturally. That means when a person's ill, he shouldn't go to a doctor because he's asking for interference with God's will. But of course, patients can't think that way.
I have a natural right to do whatever I want with my body... as long as it doesn't affect anybody else or any other property.
I always said all my life if I wasn't born and they gave me the question I'd say I don't want to be born.
If Christ can die in a barn, I think the death of a human in a van is not so bad.
I hate to say this, but I'll repeat it: After death, all we know that you do is stink.
Fear controls you.
I've seen schizophrenics who are so hopeless, you couldn't cheer them, and their lives are miserable and they end up as suicides. That's not right.
Liberty means more to me than life itself.
Many support what I am doing.
What I think a doctor should do is prevent disease, by any means necessary.
I would not want to live with a tube in my neck and not be able to move a finger. I wouldn't - that to me is not life.
Freedom has a price. Most people aren't willing to pay it.
The law doesn't create a right.
The Jews were gassed. Armenians were killed in every conceivable way... So the Holocaust doesn't interest me, see? They've had a lot of publicity, but they didn't suffer as much.
I don't crave publicity, you know.
