American,Politician
With the end of the cold war, all the 'isms' of the 20th century - Fascism, Nazism, Communism and the evil of apartheid-ism - have failed. Except one. Only democracy has shown itself true the help of all mankind.
There is a kind of victory in good work, no matter how humble.
Winning is like shaving - you do it every day or you wind up looking like a bum.
Economic growth doesn't mean anything if it leaves people out.
I unabashedly, unashamedly, unequivocally support the explosion of entrepreneurs in the capitalist system.
There's no limit to what free men and free women in a free market with free enterprise can accomplish when people are free to follow their dream.
There are no limits to our future if we don't put limits on our people.
I would be a fool to put my feet down in a position where I can't accommodate metamorphoses.
There's only one race - it's human. We are all brothers and sisters.
I believe in civil liberties for homosexuals. I guess I'd have to say I'd draw the line at letting them teach in the schools.
He'll call that trickle-down. I call it Niagara Falls.
Councils of war breed timidity and defeatism.
Democracy without morality is impossible.
My passion for ideas is not matched with a passion for partisan or electoral politics.
I can't help but care about the rights of the people I used to shower with.
Ladies and gentlemen, communism didn't fall. It was pushed.
To Republicans, I humbly suggest that we make it possible for Democrats to give up their quest for redistribution of income and wealth by our acceptance of an appropriate role for government in financing those public goods and services necessary to secure a social safety net below which no American would be allowed to fall.
Taxes on capital, taxes on labor, inflation, bureaucratic regulation, minimum wage laws, are all - to different degrees - unnecessary slices of the wedge that stand between an individual's effort and reward for that effort.
Quarterbacks are always ready.
Republicans many times can't get the words 'equality of opportunity' out of their mouths. Their lips do not form that way.
When people lack jobs, opportunity, and ownership of property they have little or no stake in their communities.
Every time in this century we've lowered the tax rates across the board, on employment, on saving, investment and risk-taking in this economy, revenues went up, not down.
I think Bush understands the Internet and the incredible expansion of global e-commerce.
There really has not been a strong Republican message to either the poor or the African American community at large.
The real problem is deflation. That is the opposite of inflation but equally serious to the borrower.
Some people have theorized that I lurched to prove myself intellectually. But it was not any lurch. It was more a kind of awakening.
The Democratic Party is the party of the status quo.
American society as a whole can never achieve the outer-reaches of potential, so long as it tolerates the inner cities of despair.
I don't use labels a lot.
You don't boo at a Kemp rally. You boo at football games.
If you believe these polls, you're making a mistake.
All too often the Democratic Party has taken the black vote for granted, and all too often the Republican Party has written it off.
I wasn't a great debater.
I think the American people want to see the interactivity between candidates and audiences, and tough questions posed by people and how you handle them under fire.
