American,Athlete
It's better to look ahead and prepare, than to look back and regret.
All I ever wanted really, and continue to want out of life, is to give 100 percent to whatever I'm doing and to be committed to whatever I'm doing and then let the results speak for themselves. Also to never take myself or people for granted and always be thankful and grateful to the people who helped me.
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind.
We live in a world where sports have the potential to bridge the gap between racism, sexism and discrimination. The 2012 Olympic Games was a great start but hopefully what these games taught us is that if women are given an opportunity on an equal playing field the possibilities for women are endless.
Once I leave this earth, I know I've done something that will continue to help others.
It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Give back in some way. Always be thoughtful of others.
I have this burning desire to get out there and do my best. It's as if I'm keeping it all in a little bottle, and it's all going to come out when I do the best I'm capable of doing.
I learned to listen and listen very well. It helped me athletically and in the classroom as well. The person who talks a lot or talks over people misses out because they weren't listening.
I don't think being an athlete is unfeminine. I think of it as a kind of grace.
I'm a realist and I always have been. Quality training is what I do now; before it was a combination of both quality and quantity. Now I'm not trying to be a world-class athlete, I don't need to train at that level. It's about being fit, fit for life.
I'm a realist and I always have been.
The person who talks a lot or talks over people misses out because they weren't listening.
I've had asthma my entire life.
There are a lot of other people that really play a significant role in helping you become an Olympian.
Ask any athlete: We all hurt at times. I'm asking my body to go through seven different tasks. To ask it not to ache would be too much.
I'm always challenged by someone.
Quality training is what I do now; before it was a combination of both quality and quantity. Now I'm not trying to be a world-class athlete, I don't need to train at that level. It's about being fit, fit for life.
I really do miss playing basketball. I don't play a lot of pick-up games. But I do like using basketball as a form of cross training.
Teaching kids about health and fitness is important to me. It's about being fit for life.
Even though I'm not a competitive athlete, I have to still maintain things and try to keep myself fit because I am at that age where I need to make sure to get those regular checkups and make sure everything is in tact.
There are many women who came before me who didn't really have the same opportunities that I have had. That's why I always wanted to be a great ambassador - not only today's generation - but for the women who really didn't have a voice, but who paved the way for me.
I might attempt Zumba. I haven't yet, but I thought it would be a lot of fun and different.
I learned to listen and listen very well. It helped me athletically and in the classroom as well.
When I started competing, you had to have your coach there. Now you can be coached from a home office via Skype or video. That's not the same as having them on the field with you.
People assuming that because I'm a great athlete, I can dance. But no. My rhythm is off a little bit.
