American,Actress
Angels are like diamonds. They can't be made, you have to find them. Each one is unique.
After having children, life becomes about living beyond yourself; about being bigger and better.
I de-stress with my family, just at home pruning roses, cutting, working in the garden.
When I first decided to launch a clothing line, I was pregnant with my daughter Spencer-Margaret, so I looked for a retailer with values that mirrored my own growing family concerns. Kmart is a family store where value-conscious moms shop, so my partnership with Kmart seemed like a natural fit.
Cancer stops you in your tracks. It really makes you think about what's important. In a second, life can change. Don't ever forget to say thank you for love and family. What good is your success without them?
You have to be reasonable with yourself and not feel guilty when things aren't perfect.
Chemotherapy isn't easy. I felt very fortunate I wouldn't have to go through that.
I wanted to be a ballet teacher.
I have had to learn about saying no.
Just because something is three months away and seems far off, doesn't mean you will want to be there when the time comes.
Time whizzes by when you have children. They make you aware of the passing of time, but also help keep you young.
I have never been a believer that nice clothes should only be for people with money.
We're traditional and don't do cutting-edge styles, but after 17 years we're holding our own.
It's not about me, it's about my family. You don't answer questions for you, but for us. You learn to live beyond yourself.
Farrah Fawcett had courage, she had strength, and she had faith.
My first acting job was a Breck commercial.
You must understand the texture of your hair before you choose a style.
Family is always first. Even though my kids are older - my son is 25 and my daughter is 21 - I still like to sit down and have dinner with them as much as I can.
I always tell my children, 'You have to face your fear. If not, it's like running from a dog that will bite you in the back.'
Panic is a horrible thing.
I'm an old-fashioned girl, and I didn't believe in living with people, so I guess I married for the wrong reasons at times.
I've always been into older homes, even if I have to refurbish or remodel or raise roof lines or knock out walls.
My mother lived till she was 95 and never had a line on her face or a frown line. She was beautiful.
I was the first actress who branded her own line at a time when everyone just lent their name to a product. Everyone said I shouldn't do it, but it was probably the best thing I've ever done.
More than 100 million women have worn my clothing and accessories,, and that's so fulfilling. My skincare line proves you don't have to spend a fortune to have beautiful skin. I've loved acting but if I never played another role and just focused on my business, I'd be happy.
I never looked good in a bikini. My legs were too thin.
