American,Athlete
I would say I stay pretty calm. Don't let the game get too fast on me. I try to keep my emotions in check, I guess, so I don't show that anything fazes me out there. And I try to take it one pitch at a time.
I actually had a buzz cut all the way to my junior year in college. I would just buzz my head with a one-guard all over, and then I started growing it out. When I had Tommy John, that was the last time it was buzzed. I've grown it ever since then.
I think all of us are thankful every day we get to put this uniform on, and we play this game. So try not to take any days for granted. Every time you take the field, give a hundred percent and leave it all out there.
You've got to play every game until it's over. Baseball is a funny game, so you never know what's going to happen.
My approach every game is to try to keep the ball down and get ground ball outs.
Normally when I look at stuff, I try to look at the good things. When I watch video, I try to watch the good starts so I can see how my mechanics are in those.
I try to keep it the same, try to stay humble.
I don't think I care about the hair as much as people think I do. It's just kind of there. It's not really a big deal to me. It actually drives me nuts. It's always in my face if I don't have a hat on. I might have to get rid of it.
I don't like giving up hits and stuff, but I try not to show it. I don't want the hitter to see that something bothers me.
When I'm away from the field, I show a little more emotion and stuff.
Whenever we had career day at elementary school, and we could dress up like what you wanted to be, when I got on stage, mine was playing major league baseball.
Look good, feel good, play good.
I'm the kind of person that if I try to throw it hard, it doesn't come out as good. So my whole thought process is to stay smooth, stay on top of the ball, and just get my hand out in front.
This is something I've wanted to do my whole life is play baseball, and I think just the opportunity to put on a big-league uniform every day is just... you know, people dream of it, but not everybody gets to do it. I'm thankful every day I get to do it.
