American,Actor
When we were doing 'Freaks and Geeks', I didn't quite understand how movies and TV worked, and I would improvise even if the camera wasn't on me. I thought I was helping the other actors by keeping them on their toes, but nobody appreciated it when I would trip them up. So I was improvising a little bit back then, but not in a productive way.
I'm going to try to not let anyone put me in a box, and that certainly applies to the things I do outside of acting.
I'm starting to teach now: I teach in the graduate film program at NYU and next year I'm going to be teaching at Los Angeles at the film program and English program at UCLA.
I was an English major at UCLA when I was 18, and then I left after a year to start acting. I was educating myself during that time.
My style is casual-chic? Casual-messy?
I become kind of obsessive about research.
I am not going to be the guy who's not pulling his weight.
If the work is good, what does it matter? I'm doing it because I love it. Why not do as many things I love as I can? As long as the work is good.
I don't even like to sleep - I feel as if there's too much to do.
It feels really sad, to me, to go to a dark bedroom. It's like surrendering to the night or something.
I worked the drive-through at McDonald's and tried out different accents - Italian, Russian, Irish.
But I don't want to die! I have so much to do!
My name is James Edward Franco. Ted is a nickname for Edward. That's what my parents called me. I also got 'Teddy Ruxpin' a lot. It just got to a point where I got sick of it, so when a teacher called out 'James Franco' my junior year of high school, I didn't correct her.
Of course there are some actors that are better than others and performances that are better than others, but they're always embedded in the greater film. They are mediated through the work of so many other people: the director directs, the lighter sets the scene, the editors edit, the music gets put to it.
I needed an outlet in high school and came across painting. I've actually been painting longer than I've been acting. A movie is a collaborative effort, and with painting you just have yourself.
A lot of the people in San Francisco think of themselves as healers - not just as people delivering this base service, but giving their clients spiritual help. It's almost like being an actor, playing a different part for each trick.
I was kind of scared of failing at acting.
When I research a role it does get a little crazy and maybe even a little stupid.
When I was a child, I wanted to be an actor, but I had really bad buckteeth. I didn't want to get braces, but my mom said I couldn't be an actor if I didn't get the braces. So, I got the braces.
Acting is an art form and you want to take roles that are challenged and it's more of a challenge I think to play dark characters. Not that I want to always play those, but it is a challenge and challenges are rewarding and fun.
The first piece of art that I ever bought-when I could afford it-was a Warhol sketch from the period when he was just getting out of doing commercial work and more into art. It's a sketch of a young guy's face. I guess the gallery that I bought it from thought I would like it because the young guy kind of looked like James Dean.
It's hard when you're doing a film based on a true story to really figure out what all those relationships were.
The new critique you're gonna start hearing about James Franco, is 'He's spreading himself too thin.'
I don't like sleeping in a bed.
I still don't like going to bed alone.
The general view is that actors start on soaps and then maybe graduate to prime-time television or film; normally you don't see a film actor going to do a soap.
Directing, editing, and everything about filmmaking has definitely changed me as an actor.
When I sign on for a project, I'm there to give the director all the material he or she might need to tell their story, and that's the number one priority.
I love to bring humour into my work. Because comedy is not a huge part of the art world. And big-business film takes itself very seriously.
School allowed me to have outlets so that some of the pressure was taken off the acting. Every role in every movie, I used to live or die by. Once I had these new outlets, I relaxed a lot more.
