American,Public Servant
There are hunters, and there are victims. By your discipline, cunning, obedience, and alertness, you will decide if you are a hunter or a victim.
To Marines, love of liberty is not an empty phrase... Rather, it's displayed by blood, sweat, and tears for the fallen.
If you read enough biography and history, you learn how people have dealt successfully or unsuccessfully with similar situations or patterns in the past. It doesn't give you a template of answers, but it does help you refine the questions you have to ask yourself.
Be the hunter, not the hunted.
You stay teachable most by reading books. By reading what other people went through.
I would just say there is one misperception of our veterans, and that is they are somehow damaged goods. I don't buy it.
We know that in tough times, cynicism is just another way to give up, and in the military, we consider cynicism or giving up simply as forms of cowardice.
I don't worry about stress. I create it.
I've always found, give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers, and I do better with that than I do with torture.
Marines don't know how to spell the word 'defeat'.
Iran is not a nation-state; it's a revolutionary cause devoted to mayhem.
In this age, I don't care how tactically or operationally brilliant you are: if you cannot create harmony - even vicious harmony - on the battlefield based on trust across service lines, across coalition and national lines, and across civilian/military lines, you need to go home, because your leadership is obsolete.
Wherever the enemy wants to fight, we will follow him to the ends of the Earth. We'll adapt, we'll train, we'll advise, we'll mentor, and we'll fight, and we'll fight well.
There is no God-given right to victory on the battlefield. You win that through the skill and the devotion, the valor and the ferocity of your troops.
It's not an easy course. It's not designed to be. We're not here to get you in touch with your inner child.
There's an urgent need to stop reacting to each immediate vexing issue in isolation. Such response often creates unanticipated second-order effects and even more problems for us.
In an interconnected age when opportunistic adversaries can work in tandem to destroy stability and prosperity, our country needs to regain its strategic footing. We need to bring the clarity to our efforts before we lose the confidence of the American people and the support of potential allies.
Read about history, and you become aware that nothing starts with us.
For a sitting U.S. president to see our allies as freeloaders is nuts.
I don't have the best track record with quotes.
For whatever trauma came with service in tough circumstances, we should take what we learned - take our post-traumatic growth - and, like past generations coming home, bring our sharpened strengths to bear, bring our attitude of gratitude to bear.
Perhaps if you are in support functions waiting on the warfighters to spell out the specifics of what you are to do, you can avoid the consequences of not reading. Those who must adapt to overcoming an independent enemy's will are not allowed that luxury.
Sometimes there are no good guys. There are no bad guys. It seems like everybody is in the middle.
Since coming back from overseas, this is more of a foreign country than the places overseas. I don't understand it. It's like America has lost faith in rational thought.
While victimhood in America is exalted, I don't think our veterans should join those ranks.
I have never been bewildered for long in any fight with our enemies - I was Armed with Insight.
Fight with a happy heart.
There is nothing better than getting shot at and missed. It's really great.
I can't tell you the number of times I looked down at what was going on on the ground, or I was engaged in a fight somewhere, and I knew within a couple of minutes how I was going to screw up the enemy. And I knew it because I'd done so much reading.
The example that America knows how to govern itself is one of the compelling aspects of our national security.
There's no way that that our military power will not erode if a robust American economic revival is not part of the cards.
The Army was always big on Clausewitz, the Prussian; the Navy on Alfred Thayer Mahan, the American; and the Air Force on Giulio Douhet, the Italian. But the Marine Corps has always been more Eastern-oriented. I am much more comfortable with Sun-tzu and his approach to warfare.
Now from a distance, I look back on what the Corps taught me: to think like men of action, and to act like men of thought!
The most important 6 inches on the battlefield is between your ears.
I've had some 'riotous excursions of the human spirit' alongside the young Sailors and Marines, and it's time to leave the stage to the young leaders who got their rank the old-fashioned way - they earned their stripes in combat.
Most people know nobody in the military.
No one gives a damn what Iran thinks on any significant issue. The only reason Iran is at the big boys' table is because of their nuclear weapons program.
There are a lot of self-imposed restrictions by people who somehow believe they have to fall in with a certain military cant. There was always a sense that we had to put things into words that would touch our troops' hearts, not just their heads.
I don't lose any sleep at night over the potential for failure. I cannot even spell the word.
It's a lot of fun to fight.
The Iranian regime, in my mind, is the single most enduring threat to stability and peace in the Middle East.
The fundamental question I believe is, 'Is political Islam in our best interest?' If not, what is our policy to authoritatively support the countervailing forces?
In a country with millions of people and cars going everywhere, the enemy is going to get a car bomb out there once in awhile.
There is no room for military people, including our veterans, to see themselves as victims, even if so many of our countrymen are prone to relish that role.
Gains achieved at great cost against our enemy in Afghanistan are reversible.
Ultimately, a real understanding of history means that we face nothing new under the sun.
The military can buy our diplomats some time.
I don't write policy for my government.
Treachery has existed as long as there's been warfare, and there's always been a few people that you couldn't trust.
Engage your brain before you engage your weapon.
It's very hard to live with yourself if you don't stick with your moral code.
Thanks to my reading, I have never been caught flat-footed by any situation, never at a loss for how any problem has been addressed... It doesn't give me all the answers, but it lights what is often a dark path ahead.
I've lived a very colorful life, and I've said some things, But not once have I taken them back, and I've never apologized for them - and I won't.
I consider ISIS nothing more than an excuse for Iran to continue its mischief.
Iran is not an enemy of ISIS; they have a lot to gain from the turmoil that ISIS creates.
What is the one country in the Middle East that has not been attacked by ISIS? One. That is Iran. That is more than happenstance, I'm sure.
I would storm the gates of Hell if Third Marine Air Wing was overhead.
There is one way to have a short but exciting conversation with me, and that is to move too slow.
I believe that many of my young guys lived because I didn't waste their lives because I didn't have the vision in my mind of how to destroy the enemy at least cost to our guys and to the innocents on the battlefields.
The economy's always been the engine for our national security.
Prime Minister Maliki, released from American restraint, acted on his worst instincts, creating enormous distrust in Iraq's Kurdish population and deeply embittering Sunnis in western Iraq's Al Anbar, who lost any confidence in a Baghdad government they saw as adversarial.
The U.S. military is not war weary. Our military draws strength from confronting our enemies when clear policy objectives are set and we are fully resourced for the fight.
We all recognize that the Mid-east is dissolving into crises, and we know terrorism did not start with 9-11.
As commanders and staff officers, we are coaches and sentries for our units: how can we coach anything if we don't know a hell of a lot more than just the TTPs?
I'm on record that it didn't really traumatize me to do away with some people.
The Corps is in good hands, and it's been a privilege to serve with the Leathernecks. Now it's time to go.
The Marines have landed, and we now own a piece of Afghanistan.
I have never thought it necessary to patronize the American people.
Putin goes to bed at night knowing he can break all the rules, and the West will follow all the rules.
