American,Businessman
Growth is never by mere chance; it is the result of forces working together.
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.
Honor bespeaks worth. Confidence begets trust. Service brings satisfaction. Cooperation proves the quality of leadership.
Clock watchers never seem to be having a good time.
I do not believe in excuses. I believe in hard work as the prime solvent of life's problems.
The five separate fingers are five independent units. Close them and the fist multiplies strength. This is organization.
The keystone of successful business is cooperation. Friction retards progress.
Courteous treatment will make a customer a walking advertisement.
It is the service we are not obliged to give that people value most.
Salesmanship is limitless. Our very living is selling. We are all salespeople.
As a rule, we find what we look for; we achieve what we get ready for.
No business can succeed in any great degree without being properly organized.
Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change.
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.
Salesmanship, too, is an art; the perfection of its technique requires study and practice.
Responsibilities are given to him on whom trust rests. Responsibility is always a sign of trust.
The men who have furnished me with my greatest inspiration have not been men of wealth, but men of deeds.
Men are not great or small because of their material possessions. They are great or small because of what they are.
The disciplined are free.
A merchant who approaches business with the idea of serving the public well has nothing to fear from the competition.
I cannot remember a time when the Golden Rule was not my motto and precept, the torch that guided my footsteps.
Luck is always the last refuge of laziness and incompetence.
Determine to do some thinking for yourself. Don't live entirely upon the thoughts of others. Don't be an automaton.
The greatest teacher I know is the job itself.
The best of merchandise will go back to the shelf unless handled by a conscientious, tactful salesman.
