American,Public Servant
The first week in intelligence school, you learn there are only two conditions in life. There is policy success, or there is intel failure. There is no other condition in life.
The term 'Muslim Brotherhood'... is an umbrella term for a variety of movements: in the case of Egypt, a very heterogeneous group, largely secular, which has eschewed violence and has decried Al Qaeda as a perversion of Islam.
In the end, we will never, ever be able to guarantee that there will not be an Edward Snowden or another Chelsea Manning because this is a large enterprise composed of human beings with all their idiosyncrasies.
What I said was, the NSA does not voyeuristically pore through U.S. citizens' e-mails. I stand by that.
A key player with respect to sanctions is, of course, China. And so, if a military option were to be exercised, then obviously we would play very heavily in that process. But that's not a decision, fortunately, that the intelligence community makes.
I was a part of the decision-making in the Pentagon, when I was the undersecretary for intelligence, to start CYBERCOM, both as a sub-unified command and under a dual-hat arrangement. That was never intended to be permanent in any event.
There is no requirement whatsoever for a security clearance for a candidate. The mere fact that a candidate is anointed by its party at a convention - that is all that is required. And it's not up to me or the administration to determine candidate suitability for these briefings.
I did get a letter from the speaker of the House urging - enjoining me not to brief Secretary Clinton, and lots of cards and letters from people about not briefing Mr. Trump.
When I was commissioned in the Air Force, I was committed to the institution for a career.
The history of the intelligence community is replete with violations of the trust of the American people.
I have always accepted intelligence was an honorable profession. We are all mindful of the need to comply with our moral values and the law.
In this job, I've found the less I talk, the better.
ISIL particularly is very slick, very sophisticated, proselytizing and recruiting, and they are very astute users of social media.
The number one foreign policy goal of Russia is control of the former Soviet space.
The country of Iraq is somewhat of an artificial creation going back to colonial days. And so you have the Kurds and then the Sunnis in the north predominantly and Shias in the south.
If ISIL were to substantially increase the priority it places on attacking the West rather than fighting to maintain and expand territorial control, then the group's access to radicalized Westerners who have fought in Syria and Iraq would provide a pool of operatives who potentially have access to the United States and other Western countries.
