American,Author
Honesty is the fastest way to prevent a mistake from turning into a failure.
Your competition is not other people but the time you kill, the ill will you create, the knowledge you neglect to learn, the connections you fail to build, the health you sacrifice along the path, your inability to generate ideas, the people around you who don't support and love your efforts, and whatever god you curse for your bad luck.
Don't time travel into the past, roaming through the nuances as if they can change. Don't bookmark pages you've already read.
Quantity and persistence will get you the outcomes you need.
Every day, you reinvent yourself. You're always in motion. But you decide every day: forward or backward.
Procrastination is your body telling you you need to back off a bit and think more about what you are doing.
The American Dream never really existed. It was a marketing scam.
Whether you're an entrepreneur, an employee, a student, a homemaker, a writer, it's time to start forgetting about all the ways the world has promised you safety and comfort.
Poker is a skill game pretending to be a chance game.
Your hands are not made to type out memos. Or put paper through fax machines. Or hold a phone up while you talk to people you dislike. One hundred years from now, your hands will rot like dust in your grave. You have to make wonderful use of those hands now. Kiss your hands so they can make magic.
Read every sentence you write out loud. If it sounds boring, kill it.
Life is better when your sinuses are clean, when your arteries are clean, and when your digestive tract is clean.
I can tell you this: Everything in my life that I am happy about it is the product of a huge mistake.
Nobody wants to make me a rich man. In fact, most people want to make me a very poor man. I can guarantee some people fantasize at night about how poor they can make me.
Don't stay at the job for safe salary increases over time. That will never get you where you want - freedom from financial worry. Only free time, imagination, creativity, and an ability to disappear will help you deliver value that nobody ever delivered before in the history of mankind.
I find that many entrepreneurs are trying to do everything when it would be cheaper and more time-efficient to delegate, even if there are monetary costs associated with that.
Every successful business, even Google, Facebook, Twitter, started with a combination of manual improvements and friends of the founders using the site.
Somebody has to be on stage, and some people have to be in the audience. That's the only difference. Don't put any thought as to why you are on the stage or how you need to be 'better' than the people in the audience. You aren't better. You're simply the speaker.
Honesty is about the scars. It's about the blemishes. But it's more than just bragging about failure, which could be a form of ego. It's about truly helping people.
Don't sweat it if you are stuck in the corporate job right now. But begin to plan ahead. I know from much personal experience that it takes 1-3 years to transition from total scratch to making a living from home in any career you want.
You can say no to people who make you feel bad about yourself. To people who backstab you or make you feel anxious in any way.
Poker is a charismatic game. People who are larger than life play poker and make their living from playing games and hustling.
Buying coffee on the street instead of in a Starbucks is the poor man's way to get rich. In other words, you will never get rich by scratching out ten cents from your dollar.
Technology, outsourcing, a growing temp staffing industry, productivity efficiencies, have all replaced the middle class.
Everyone is different. We all suffer from the disease of being human. There are a thousand cures but no antidotes.
Become a beacon of enhancement, and then, when the night is gray, all of the boats will move towards you, bringing their bountiful riches.
Products are valued higher than services.
Don't buy into the 20-hours-a-day entrepreneur myth. You need to sleep 8 hours a day to have a focused mind.
Whenever things are good, I always worry about what could go wrong.
You can't make money without selling something real. You can't make something real without first imagination manifesting itself in your head. You can't have imagination without surrendering yourself to an idea that you want to create something of value to other human beings.
Everyone is an entrepreneur. The only skills you need to be an entrepreneur: an ability to fail, an ability to have ideas, to sell those ideas, to execute on those ideas, and to be persistent so even as you fail you learn and move onto the next adventure.
Take control of who you report to, what you do, what you create. Or start a business on the side. Deliver some value, any value, to anybody, to somebody, and watch that value compound into a career.
Read every book, blog, website, whatever, about what you want to be an expert in.
If you introduce person A to person B, and then person B is able to solve a pain point in his life, then you just made a good connection.
My feeling, based on my own experience, is that aiming for grandiosity is the fastest route to failure.
I made so many mistakes in my first successful business I'm almost embarrassed to recount them.
When I give away a book for free, it gets my name out there. That has lifelong value for me that goes way beyond the few dollars I could maybe charge.
I love being honest and intimate with people. I love building community. I love emailing with readers.
Mistakes I've made in the past make me afraid to try new things in the future. I want to be perfect.
I want every idea I have to make me money. I want every post I write to have 10,000 Facebook likes. I want every talk I give to have people laughing at all the right jokes. I want everyone to like me all the time.
Don't regret your mistakes. You'll always make mistakes. The better you are, the less mistakes you make. The only way to get better is to thoroughly analyze your mistakes.
My grandfather was an illegal immigrant for the 60 or so years he was in the United States. I had another great-great-grandmother on my mom's side who snuck in in a suitcase.
America is a country of fighters. People who fought their way in and then continued fighting.
I keep track of my blog stats, Facebook subs, my Amazon rank, Twitter followers, Facebook likes per posts, my chess ranking. I get stressed when they all don't go up.
When I was 7 years old, I plagiarized, word for word, stories from science fiction magazines so my teachers would think I was smart.
When I was 22 years old, I thought girls would like me if I wrote a novel. I spent so much time writing that I was thrown out of graduate school.
Life is cold. People stay warm through the intimacy of a story.
Here's what a phone is: It's a computer that has a little app on it that allows me to dial numbers and then talk to someone.
I am a sore loser. It's not that I'm so competitive with others. But I'm competitive with myself. I like to do better than I did before.
Every game, and almost every life situation, has short cuts: ways you can get better without learning the entire literature of the game from beginning to end.
You're the average of the five people you spend your time with.
The people who don't know personal finance have TV shows about it.
Be honest about mistakes. Even if you are afraid of what people think.
Help is a conversation. If one side talks too much, the other side will get bored. So make sure you help back when you can.
We are incredibly poor predictors of our future.
The first rule of personal finance is that it's not personal and it's not financial. It's about your ability to make ten changes and not get too depressed over it.
Being a leader doesn't mean you are the guy who runs things.
Being a leader doesn't mean you created something or you did something great in the past or some other person has given you any kind of authority.
I always imagine a good leader is surrounded by people who call their mothers at the end of the day and tell them, 'Mom, you can't believe what I did today. Let me tell you about it.'
If two people believe in the same story, they might be thousands of miles apart and total strangers, but they still have a sense they can trust each other.
The only way to make real wealth is to get rid of your salary. In a salary, by definition, you are creating wealth for others, and you are creating a chain and handcuffs for yourself.
The reality is: when you're slouched over, not only are you not using the full potential of your brain, but you look untrustworthy.
People unconsciously know when you are not listening to them. Then they say 'No' to you.
Worry will never solve tomorrow's problems. It will only take energy away from today.
Money you lose you can always make back. But even five minutes of time lost is gone forever.
Every tomorrow is determined by every today.
I've had lots of ups and downs. I've had situations where I've gone against the rules, and I've lost everything.
I'm a big believer in minimalism. Not materialist minimalism, although that's part of it, but time and energy minimalism. The body is given only so much energy a day.
If you spend a lot of energy on things that are wastes of time, then you waste energy, get sick, and die faster.
The universe wants us to have fun doing more than one thing in life. That's how it learns. You don't have one purpose in life. You have maybe 500 or so.
