American,Scientist
Global warming isn't a prediction. It is happening.
The evidence for human-made climate change is overwhelming.
We have known since the 1800s that carbon dioxide traps heat in the atmosphere. The right amount keeps the climate conducive to human life.
As species are exterminated by shifting climate zones, ecosystems can collapse, destroying more species.
After spending three or four years interacting with the Bush administration, I realized they were not taking any actions to deal with climate change. So, I decided to give one talk, and then it snowballed into another talk and eventually to even protesting and getting arrested.
Several times in Earth's history, rapid global warming occurred, apparently spurred by amplifying feedbacks. In each case, more than half of plant and animal species became extinct. New species came into being over tens and hundreds of thousands of years. But these are time scales and generations that we cannot imagine.
I have been described as the grandfather of climate change. In fact, I am just a grandfather and I do not want my grandchildren to say that grandpa understood what was happening but didn't make it clear.
What we are doing to the future of our children, and the other species on the planet, is a clear moral issue.
What has become clear from the science is that we cannot burn all of the fossil fuels without creating a very different planet.
What is frustrating people, me included, is that democratic action affects elections but what we get then from political leaders is greenwash.
Scientists will say we can't blame global warming for any single event. In a sense that's right, but the fact that the frequency and intensity of these events is increasing you can blame on global warming.
With a fourth generation of nuclear power, you can have a technology that will burn more than 99 percent of the energy in the fuel. It would mean that you don't need to mine uranium for the next thousand years.
You can't turn on your television without seeing these advertisements about clean coal, clean tar sands and the claim that there's more jobs associated with fossil fuels than other industries. That's of course not true. But they're hammering that into the voters' heads.
Recent warming coincides with rapid growth of human-made greenhouse gases. The observed rapid warming gives urgency to discussions about how to slow greenhouse gas emissions.
As a government employee, you can't testify against the government.
Some Democrats deserve to be criticized.
Climate change is analogous to Lincoln and slavery or Churchill and Nazism: it's not the kind of thing where you can compromise.
I tend to be naive and gullible, I guess, but I try to believe that governments believe what they say.
It's as certain that as long as fossil fuels are the cheapest energy, we will just keep burning them.
The five warmest years over the last century occurred in the last eight years.
The United States did not sign Kyoto, yet its emissions are not that different from the countries that did sign it.
Coal is responsible for as much atmospheric carbon dioxide as other fossil fuels combined and it still has far greater reserves. We must stop using it.
On a per capita basis, Britain is responsible for more of the carbon dioxide now in the atmosphere than any other nation on Earth because it has been burning it from the dawn of the Industrial Revolution.
What makes tar sands particularly odious is that the energy you get out in the end, per unit carbon dioxide, is poor. It's equivalent to burning coal in your automobile.
We need to send a message to Congress and the president that we want them to take the actions that are needed to preserve climate for young people and future generations and all life on the planet.
The democratic process is supposed to be one person one vote, but it turns out that money is talking louder than the votes.
