American,Psychologist
Don't marry the person you think you can live with; marry only the individual you think you can't live without.
Children are not casual guests in our home. They have been loaned to us temporarily for the purpose of loving them and instilling a foundation of values on which their future lives will be built.
My legacy doesn't matter. It isn't important that I be remembered. It's important that when I stand before the Lord, he says, 'Well done, good and faithful servant.' I want to finish strong.
God has called us to be His representatives in our nation and in our world. Select candidates who represent your views and work for their election.
One of the most important responsibilities in the Christian life is to care about others, smile at them, and be a friend to the friendless.
Here's why I cannot vote for Rudy Giuliani. He's pro-abortion. He's never repudiated gay marriage in New York City or at least the civil unions in New York City. He's called a champion of gay rights. Rudy is opposed to school choice. He's in favor of open borders.
The United States has been from the beginning greatly influenced and primarily influenced by the Judeo-Christian system of values.
'Dare to Discipline' was published in 1970 in the midst of the Vietnam War and a culture of rebellion. The book was written in that context, but the principles of child rearing have not changed.
There is no greater privilege in living than bringing a tiny new human being into the world and then trying to raise him or her properly during the next eighteen years. Doing that job right requires all the intelligence, wisdom, and determination you will be able to muster from day to day.
Sometimes we're so concerned about giving our children what we never had growing up, we neglect to give them what we did have growing up.
When I was about ten, I was very impressed by the way Tarzan could swing through the trees from vine to vine. No one ever told me, 'Don't try this at home.'
I'm certain that most couples expect to find intimacy in marriage, but it somehow eludes them.
My observation is that women are merely waiting for their husbands to assume leadership.
Males and females are unique and different, because their brains are different. There's not a limitation on girls. My grandmother was very strong, and so was my mother. She also knew what it meant to be a woman and wife and was very successful at it.
I don't blame homosexuals for being angry when people say they've made a choice to be gay, because they don't.
I would like to thank those who spoke boldly against the 'gay marriage float' in the 2014 Rose Parade. Apparently, that vigorous opposition came from perhaps millions of people, and it had a significant influence on how the matter was handled on network and cable television.
I don't want to make a mistake that would hurt the cause of Christ late in my life, so I'm going to do everything I can to bring many people to Christ. If he can use me in that regard through 'Family Talk,' that will be my greatest legacy.
I'm still heard on 1,500 radio stations across North America every day, about 220 million people a day in 150 countries.
I'm working as hard as I ever have.
My greatest concern is that Mitt Romney seldom addresses the social issues publicly... I'm referring to the sanctity of human life, the traditional definition of marriage, and religious liberty.
A disturbing prospect looms before us as Americans consider the possibility of a second term for President Barack Obama. Millions of conservatives who revere the Constitution, with its guarantees of freedom and limited government, have watched with alarm as the campaign season has unfolded.
If traditional marriage is not the law of the land, the institution of the family will cease to exist.
I believe in the death penalty.
Homosexuals can be, you know, committed to each other. And they have freedom to behave in the ways that they do, but they cannot be a family. They cannot be married. I mean, virtually every culture in the history of the world has considered marriage to be between one woman and one man.
If two men or two women can marry, then there is no way a court could deny three men and two women or any combination thereof.
I don't believe that homosexuals really want to marry, most of them. They're all different, and some have different views.
