American,Actor
You've just got to focus on excellence and try not to be distracted by the news and the rumors and the absurdities of the stories that were coming out.
The stock market can be down, but the stock market is not an indication of where people's spirits and enthusiam are, and where their intellectual energy is.
There was never any danger of Business 2.0 ever going under.
People say we were an overnight success. It took us a year to be an overnight success.
You can't suppress creativity, you can't suppress innovation.
You can't be distracted by the noise of misinformation.
There certainly was a lot of potential in the air for doing a magazine which focused on the way business, in particular, was being transformed by the Internet.
I think up until that time a lot of focus on Internet coverage was either sort of the bits and bytes aspect of it, sort of the high-tech aspect of it, and the sociological aspect of it, which is how it was transforming culture.
The collective energy of everyone is what really made Business 2.0 exciting.
The magazine was being started by a company that had no experience in business magazine publishing. It was a little difficult to get people to sort of buy into it and to join the staff, but we did.
The hardest part of it was really being away from my family - I have two small children. Last year I took over 20 business trips, so being away from them was hard.
You lie awake at 3 in the morning thinking of story ideas. You're online at 8 a.m. on a Sunday or midnight on a Wednesday. It's a job that you never push aside.
I think what we should have done is integrate the web site with the magazine much earlier in the process.
You have to remember when we were going once a month, we were putting out issues that were 480 pages, and people were complaining that these were too big, I can't get through a 480 page magazine every month.
It's very rare that publications double their frequency.
See, what we were going to do was say, the Internet is this great business strategy tool.
Business 2.0 was hugely profitable last year, and will be profitable this year.
I think Fast Company has a tremendously smart focus and execution.
I still believe that the mission of Business 2.0 is very strong, very fundamental, and we're really at the beginning of where they're going to take us.
People who say that the Internet is the bubble are incredibly misguided.
Certainly there are bubble-like valuations of certain companies, but I don't think anyone out there believes that we're going to go back to doing business the way we used to do business.
You have to remember a lot of business is very cyclical.
I'm a history buff, and right now we're sitting on one of the most dramatic historical shifts that this planet has ever seen and we have a front row seat for it.
You know, technology CEOs like to think of themselves as rock 'n roll stars.
Rock stars are incredibly energizing to me.
The best rock musicians are the most exciting people in the world.
