American,Activist
I think people like to see a little larceny in their heroes.
What was I qualified to do to make a living? Nothing. You don't need qualifications as an actor or a politician. And I didn't want to be a politician.
Everybody wants blockbusters. I like to see a few pictures now and then that have to do with people and have relationships, and that's what I want to do films about. I don't want to see these sci-fi movies, and I don't want to do one of those. I don't understand it.
I saw my wife at a pool, flipped over her, and 14 days later we were married.
When I started working, I didn't have a clue what I was doing, in that I was just wandering around, hoping that I could succeed. Then after I got a little under my belt, it took me about 25 years to feel like I knew what I was doing.
It wasn't until I'd turned 50 and had been in the business 25 years that I realized I might actually have a career as an actor.
I never wanted to be an actor. I got stuck in it and kind of liked what I was doing.
Too many actors have run for office. There's one difference between me and them: I know I'm not qualified.
In my opinion, Arnold Schwarzenegger wasn't qualified to be governor of California.
Ronald Reagan wasn't qualified to be governor, let alone president.
There's a lot of room for error with a wound in the rear. It's a wide target.
Yeah, I don't have a whole lot of problems.
I'm working out every day. I'm in very good shape.
An hour series is a killer. It's hard on you physically.
My goal has always been longevity. Not fame and fortune, just get a job and keep it.
I was a Depression kid, growing up in Oklahoma.
I think my attitude has always been to put food on the table.
I don't take success very well, because I know it's fleeting. And the next day, it can all fall apart. I know that, too. So I don't get too high, and I don't get too low. You get through the world a lot easier that way.
When people see me in something and say, 'That's just you - that's not acting,' it's the best compliment I can get.
I've been on the wrong end of violence, and I've done violence myself... I refuse to glorify violence in my movie and television roles.
The characters I've played, especially Bret Maverick and Jim Rockford, almost never use a gun, and they always try to use their wits instead of their fists.
The only reason I'm an actor is that a lady pulled out of a parking space in front of a producer's office.
I'm a Methodist, but not as an actor.
I don't have any theories about acting, and I don't think about how to do it, except that an actor shouldn't take himself too seriously, and shouldn't try to make acting something it isn't.
Acting is just common sense. It isn't hard if you put yourself aside and just do what the writer wrote.
You can never have too many friends.
