American,President
Man cannot live by bread alone; he must have peanut butter.
A brave man is a man who dares to look the Devil in the face and tell him he is a Devil.
The sin of slavery is one of which it may be said that without the shedding of blood there is no remission.
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable.
Suicide is not a remedy.
If wrinkles must be written on our brows, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should never grow old.
The civil service can never be placed on a satisfactory basis until it is regulated by law.
Right reason is stronger than force.
Territory is but the body of a nation. The people who inhabit its hills and valleys are its soul, its spirit, its life.
A pound of pluck is worth a ton of luck.
I am trying to do two things: dare to be a radical and not a fool, which is a matter of no small difficulty.
A law is not a law without coercion behind it.
He who controls the money supply of a nation controls the nation.
I am a poor hater.
Ideas are the great warriors of the world, and a war that has no idea behind it, is simply a brutality.
Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.
All free governments are managed by the combined wisdom and folly of the people.
Nobody but radicals have ever accomplished anything in a great crisis.
Justice and goodwill will outlast passion.
I mean to make myself a man, and if I succeed in that, I shall succeed in everything else.
If the power to do hard work is not a skill, it's the best possible substitute for it.
Whoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce.
I have had many troubles in my life, but the worst of them never came.
If you are not too large for the place you occupy, you are too small for it.
Poverty is uncomfortable; but nine times out of ten the best thing that can happen to a young man is to be tossed overboard and compelled to sink or swim.
Ideas control the world.
