American,Musician
I just thank God for all of the blessings.
Thank God for the journey.
When I'm on stage, I'm trying to do one thing: bring people joy. Just like church does. People don't go to church to find trouble, they go there to lose it.
Hair is the first thing. And teeth the second. Hair and teeth. A man got those two things he's got it all.
The one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancing.
My expectations of other people, I double them on myself.
I want to say to you, Help yourself, so you can help someone else.
You only live once.
Michael Jackson has a very good heart. He was crying when he was giving me the award, 'cause his mind went back over the early days.
I taught them everything they know, but not everything I know.
Like Christ said, love thee one another. I learned to do that, and I learned to respect and be appreciative and thankful for what I had.
You can't teach others if you are living the same way.
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment. Everybody needs that.
I'm not going to be joining ZZ Top. You know they can't play my stuff. It's too complicated.
I've been knocked down a lot of times.
The hardest thing about being James Brown is I have to live. I don't have no down time.
I did the thing with bonds, which was about 30 million dollars, and didn't get none of the money on them.
I got a wife who likes expensive things, so she takes all the cash.
I had to tell about my colonic, which expresses the fact why I'm so neat today as opposed to a few years ago. I never knew that the weight made that much difference.
I named my new son James Joseph Brown II. I think he's going to be a lot better than I was.
I started Michael years ago. I saw him in Gary, Indiana, and we'd have him on the talent shows. He kind of emulated me, and did the best he could.
I think the best thing about being James Brown is looking at my little son. Hopefully I can make my son a role model to a lot of people.
I think what I came through is great, but my son can take it to another level, not having to fight racism. His mother's a Norwegian and I'm mixed up four or five times, so he can face the world.
I used to think like Moses. That knocked me down for a couple years and put me in prison. Then I start thinking like Job. Job waited and became the wealthiest and richest man ever 'cause he believed in God.
I was stillborn. The midwives laid me aside, thought I was really gone. I laid there about an hour, and they picked me back up and tried again, 'cause my body was still warm. The Good Lord brought me back.
I'd like to cut down on the work a little bit.
