American,Artist
There's a quality of life in Maine which is this singular and unique. I think. It's absolutely a world onto itself.
As a child, I always wanted to live on a boat.
The real kiss of death - particularly with my father - is the extraordinary popularity of his work.
My father's like - it's as if he was transparent. He's a man of great mystery, whereas apparently N.C. Wyeth was 6-feet, 2-inches tall, with a booming voice. I think that's reflected in their work.
Art was a way of life in my family. My grandfather, N.C. Wyeth, who died a year before I was born, had been a prominent painter. So was my father, Andrew. My two aunts and two of my uncles also earned a living as painters.
I began drawing when I was nearly 3, and after finishing the sixth grade, I left school to paint and was tutored at home. My father didn't think a formal education was necessary for a painter.
Growing up in Chadds Ford, Pa., I shuttled between studio space in my parents' house and my grandfather's studio just up the hill. It was a solitary childhood, but I loved it.
My father was a great inspiration, and there was a bit of competition between us. He'd work in his studio, and I'd work in my space, but the door was always half open.
I had been elected to the National Academy of Design in New York, and one of the requirements was that you give a portrait, a self-portrait of yourself.
The great thing about a painter is that he or she lives on - I mean, Andrew Wyeth is more in his paintings than he was walking around.
I have continued to paint; my father - who was savaged by the critics - continued to paint until practically the last week of his life.
I learned from a longtime farmer that pigs enjoy soothing music.
I paint every day. I really have no hobbies. That's all I do.
The things that I paint are things that I know very well.
We lived in my father's studio, so there were the brushes and the pencils and the paint. So it would - it was very natural for me to want to paint, I think, and it was never a question.
I'm a very boring person, and all I do is want to paint and to record what I feel moves me or what interests me, and that can be in the form of a pig or in the form of President Kennedy.
The quality I most loved in Warhol - it was his sense of wonder. I mean, he was - absolutely everything was, 'Oh my God, isn't that wonderful!'. You know, and so it wasn't that he was cool and kind of calculated at all. He was very childlike.
I just can't whip off a likeness of somebody.
With a creature, there's no voice, so the eyes become the voice. When you get eye-to-eye contact, a real connection, it's limitless - and incredibly thrilling.
Nothing is more uninteresting than completely knowing somebody, being totally at ease.
Animals are not cute. They are disturbing. Pigs do eat their young. Actually, I hate pigs. I just happen to have some who are friends of mine.
Being a painter is the only profession where you have to stand there with all your shortcomings on the wall.
To me, this was an oxymoron, doing a painting of a dancer. Dancers are always moving.
Dance looks absurd on film, I think, like little puppets moving around.
To me, dance is so ethereal and elusive, so much of an illusion. After a performance, that's it. With vocals and music, you have good recordings.
I thought to live on an island was like living on a boat. Islands intrigue me. You can see the perimeters of your world. It's a microcosm.
