American,Businessman
Our phones are so intimately connected to us, to our lives. Putting advertising on a device like that is a bad idea. You don't want to be interrupted by ads when you're chatting with your loved ones.
Communication is at the very core of our society. That's what makes us human.
Experiences from our youth shape what we do later in life.
The difficult part for us is adding features without making the product more complicated.
Nobody should have the right to eavesdrop, or you become a totalitarian state - the kind of state I escaped as a kid to come to this country where you have democracy and freedom of speech.
I want to do one thing and do it well.
In some ways, you can think of end-to-end encryption as honoring what the past looked like.
A lot of companies are global.
I grew up in a country where I remember my parents not being able to have a conversation on the phone. The walls had ears, and you couldn't speak freely.
I only have one idea, that is WhatsApp, and I am going to continue to focus on that. I have no plans to build any other ideas.
We're somewhat lucky here in the United States, where we hope that the checks and balances hold out for many years to come and decades to come. But in a lot of countries, you don't have these checks and balances.
I didn't have a computer until I was 19 - but I did have an abacus.
A lot of times, people start out with a lot of good ideas, but then they don't execute. They lose the purity of their vision. You end up running around in circles.
People appreciate a good product, a stable system. They want to communicate easily and use a product that just works.
Marketing and press kicks up dust. It gets in your eye, and then you're not focusing on the product.
Ironically, I grew up watching Indian movies as a kid in Russia. I am quite familiar with Bollywood. I grew up watching 'Disco Dancer;' I watched it some 20 times as a kid.
I grew up in a society where everything you did was eavesdropped on, recorded, snitched on. I had friends when we were kids getting into trouble for telling anecdotes about Communist leaders.
Facebook, Google, Apple, Yahoo - there's a common theme. None of these companies ever sold. By staying independent, they were able to build a great company.
No one wakes up excited to see more advertising, no one goes to sleep thinking about the ads they'll see tomorrow.
A lot of what I experienced growing up in the U.S.S.R. and coming to the U.S. as an immigrant actually reflects itself in Whatsapp. Experiences from our youth shape what we do later in life.
I grew up in a country where advertising doesn't exist.
There were a lot of negatives, of course, but there were positives to living a life unfettered by possessions. It gave us the chance to focus on education, which was very important in the Soviet Union.
When I was a kid trying to communicate with family in the Soviet Union, it was very difficult. You had to go through the long-distance phone companies like MCI, which were difficult to navigate and expensive to make calls through.
When advertising is involved, you, the user, are the product.
Anybody can build a company and sell the company the next day. That doesn't make you special, it doesn't make you unique, it doesn't make you all that great.
Advertising isn't just the disruption of aesthetics, the insults to your intelligence and the interruption of your train of thought. At every company that sells ads, a significant portion of their engineering team spends their day tuning data mining, writing better code to collect all your personal data.
We want to do one thing and do it really well. For us, that's communications between people who are friends and relatives.
The F-word here is focus.
People need to differentiate us from companies like Yahoo! and Facebook that collect your data and have it sitting on their servers. We want to know as little about our users as possible.
We're not advertisement-driven, so we don't need personal databases.
The argument can be made: Maybe you want to trust the government, but you shouldn't because you don't know where things are going to go in the future.
Clearly, you can't believe everything you read in the press.
The encryption genie is out of the bottle.
In Russia, you really learn about a person.
We obviously try to be in tune with what our users want.
In terms of security and privacy, what people care about the most is the privacy of their messages.
We're obsessed with making sure that voice and video work well even on low-end phones.
I have many regrets and things I wish I could go back and change, but I have also worked hard and tried to improve myself.
We don't really talk about our future plans. But we, at the same time, try to build things that our users ask us for.
In some countries, WhatsApp is like oxygen.
We continue to grow, and, just like with countries like China or other countries where we are not doing particularly well, we take a really long-term approach.
As long as our user base continues to grow, at some point it will have critical mass, and at some point it will tip, and at some point, people will just have to use WhatsApp because their friends are using WhatsApp.
