American,Actress
I'm not a natural redhead, but I enjoy having red hair.
I keep all of my letters, postcards, and thank you notes. I'll keep them forever!
Auditioning is such an unnatural thing. You're in a tiny little room with, like, seven people cramped together, acting to a casting director; just, none of it makes any sense.
I'm from the suburbs and where I'm from didn't necessarily have people like you see in 'Suburgatory,' but along those lines and I think people will laugh at themselves. And it's lighthearted.
Costume is a huge part of getting into character. Your body soaks in what you're wearing, and you turn into someone else.
I developed a sense of self before moving to crazy Hollywood, which was really important.
I actually failed my first license test. I got an automatic fail. I guess I had been doing well but she had to pull the emergency brake so obviously there was a problem. I remember them handing me my fail paper and me just bursting into tears.
At college, I wasn't passionate about anything I was studying.
Violence is a part of the world and life, and you shouldn't have to take it out of stories.
Fairy tales are really violent, the original ones.
I haven't even watched that many movies; I'm, like, a weird actor.
I've never seen 'Evil Dead 2.' Sorry about that. I'm sorry to the world.
I do like the whole idea of going to a location to shoot a movie, and there is a start date and a finish date, and a lot of special things happen within those weeks.
I think that I can improv.
The whole thing about doing TV is that you never know what's going to happen. You just have to go with it and go with the flow.
To be honest, there are so many things I learned in acting school beyond the method; it was a safe place to practice. So acting school was about exercising that acting muscle and doing it every single day - and having people tell you that you're bad every single day! Which pushes you to work even harder.
I have amazing parents and some really great friends that would kick my butt if I ever started acting different.
One of the only TV shows that I really love is 'Twin Peaks.' Kyle McLachlan plays Agent Dale Cooper, and I love Dale Cooper, so I'm in love with Kyle McLachlan. He could be my dad, so it's really weird.
I'm not necessarily a horror fan. I just never really watched them that much.
I know plenty people, and I've done it myself, where you lock yourself inside for four days and you a watch a whole series. It's like watching a never-ending movie. It's great not to have to wait for the next season or the next week.
I never met Sam Raimi in my whole life.
I have very complex and complicated ideas about technology. It's such a prominent way that we communicate with each other. In ways, I think it's really positive, and in ways, I think it's really negative.
I try not to live my life on my phone or my social media pages.
My boyfriend and I don't get to live in the same city all the time, and the fact that I can text him or call him or even Skype with him is so wonderful.
Your imagination is your most important tool as an actor, as cheesy as that sounds.
Honestly, it's hard to learn about comedy from comedians. Comedy is not something that you necessarily learn or can imitate. You're funny or you're not, and you hope what you're doing is funny.
