American,Actress
But now that I've matured, I've realized that - at the end of the day - what's really important is the work, not what people think of me.
When I was a kid, we would get McDonalds on Christmas Eve, and that was a big deal because the closest one to the south side of Chicago was a 35 minute drive away. I remember opening the bag and smelling those fries, and even now when I smell them, it reminds me of Christmas Eve.
When I'm not feeling good about how I look, I figure if I just buy the right piece of clothing, I'll feel all right.
I was filled with angst all the time, but when it came down to it, I dove into what was in front of me, and I always did my best. I invested 100 percent. And that's what saved me.
I can be kind of razor sharp in my disapproval.
I love doing sketches, but I don't relish being by myself. That's not something I'm used to doing.
The world, universe, God, whatever you call it, has so much more in store if you just sit back and relax and do what's right in front of you.
I love being in these ensemble comedy movies. I love working with a bunch of people and coming up with, you know, How can we make this moment funnier?
I wanted to - any chance I had to dress up as a boy, like Halloween, I would be a pirate or a ghost that wore a tie. A hobo.
I think that network TV is going to either have to reinvent itself or it's going to have to be more competitive - there are just so many options now with streaming and everything.
I've never been a cheerleader. It's so outside of my range of things I could ever do.
I love Jennifer Saunders, the 'Absolutely Fabulous' creator.
I wanted to do something where I could hang my hat.
I do feel that softness for the vulnerability and the innocence in our world, including my own.
I never went through a biological clock experience. I never even heard it ticking.
I don't wear particular designers. I wear whoever fits me well.
I have acting technique; I have singing technique; I don't have a writing technique to fall back on.
I go to coffee shops for my outlet. Which is just not healthy at all.
I'm kind of a manic exerciser. I'll like exercise for a week and be crazy, and then I won't do it for six months.
Making people laugh is a really fabulous thing because it means you're getting deep inside somebody, into their psyche, and their ability to look at themselves.
I have to admit that I was a little nervous when I showed up for my first official 'Wreck-It Ralph' recording session.
When I was younger, I actually wanted to be in the spotlight. To have people want me, want to have a piece of me.
No one's just going to hand you a career. I waited for years for someone to hand me one and it never happened.
I've just always loved singing, and I come from a family that loves singing around the kitchen table.
I stopped watching television like a fiend once I got into college.
I was a huge 'Friends' fan. I had a very small part. I played a real-estate agent in the very last season.
I've never really had specific goals and stuff like that - I think I sort of learned early on that if you kind of let life roll in at your feet, you will get a lot of great stuff if you are just aware and open to it.
I don't really sit there and think, 'What would I like my life to be?'
The funniest people are usually the best actors, I believe.
I love being the villain.
I worried too much when I was a kid.
I always ended up having the funny part in Shakespeare, but I really thought I'd be doing theater. That was my ambition for myself.
It's really fun to come to the same place to work every day.
I think a little tidbit I can give you is that I grew up with basically everything handed to me, except for my career. I worked for that.
My brother was listening to his transistor radio. He kept switching the earpiece from one ear to the other, which I thought was his idea of a joke. 'You can't do that,' I said. 'You can only hear out of one ear.' 'No, I can hear out of both,' he answered. And that was how I discovered I was deaf in my right ear.
I'd drop whatever I was doing to show up to do the graveyard shift of 'America's Shopping Place.'
Charlie Sheen was such a pro.
Standing by myself, just having everybody looking at me the entire time, is not my idea of a good time.
Once you start classifying and trying to identify your own comedy style, you've ceased to be funny.
The more I become comfortable in my own skin, I think the funnier I become.
I've actually never done standup before.
I'm an actor more than anything else.
I'm not out to conquer anything, which I think is a good thing. That's why I also think crazy, different things come my way. I really don't have an agenda, and I'm really happy not to have one. I'm just keeping it light.
I love the character I played in 'Criminal Minds.'
I would love to do the therapist on 'Two and a Half Men' again or just work with Charlie Sheen.
I love Matt LeBlanc in 'Episodes' - he's very good. And the 'Modern Family' cast just cracks me up.
I've always sung. My dad had a song in his heart and on his lips 24/7. A lot of the time, it was the same song and the same phrase over and over again.
A lot of the songs in 'See Jane Sing!' are pulled straight from the kitchen table and my parents harmonizing together.
In Chicago, actors start up companies and get together and produce things, and there's a really rich, vibrant non-Equity theater scene out there.
Will Ferrell in 'Talladega Nights.' He's a very generous performer. He's kind of just one of the guys, but his name happens to be above the title.
I'm fascinated by Greta Garbo. My cat's named Greta, and I have a framed photograph of her from 1949.
I can fool people that I was educated.
I never thought I would work with Meryl Streep. I also love Cate Blanchett.
When you raise your voice in song to express what's going on deep inside of you, I think people just react to that because it's so truthful. It's so raw.
It has to come from a truthful place in order to be funny.
If you're contriving something, if you're making something up, it's not funny. You can tell. It's instant. It has to come from someplace real.
From the start. As early as - I felt I was in the wrong sex; I really did. I would go into my dad's room and put on his clothes.
I looked at my mom and her life, and I thought, 'I don't want that.' I don't think my mom wanted it, either. I think my mom did want to be out there and have a career. She loved working. As soon as we were old enough to feed ourselves, she was out.
I get the male thing. I like being that for a woman. But I also like being a woman, too. I like being girly.
I try to dress the bottom I have. The body I have and the bottom I have. I have the intention of looking fabulous every time, and I care about it a great deal. I'm very vain.
One of the few advantages to not being beautiful is that one usually gets better-looking as one gets older; I am, in fact, at this very moment, gaining my looks.
So much of Sue Sylvester, the angry woman, came from that part of my life, wanting to crush other people's dreams and judging others so harshly, which is always just a way of deflecting your own self-judgment.
Nothing like falling in love with a dead actress to prove your sanity.
It's always a good idea to go up for the male roles. You go up against a bunch of beefy guys, and the casting director then feels smart for taking you on, like he's the one who thought outside the box.
I'm like Jay Gatsby. I like to throw the party and then stand back, looking gorgeous. Stand back and watch it.
I loved working with Cybill Shepherd. We had a good time together; we enjoyed being girlfriends. It was a real comfortable fit for us. I loved putting on a suit and tie.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a boy. I really had gender issues.
I think the only way we can really get you to laugh hard is if we take it to a deep psychological place. It has to resonate with you on a really deep level in order for you to really do that good guffaw.
The comedians who I admire that are really good, they always take it to a deep psychological place.
I've been in Chicago for every Christmas of my life.
I have a big family. Even though it's only three kids in our family, it's always aunts and uncles and the whole thing.
Television is really fertile ground, and it's because of platforms like Netflix and Hulu and, of course, the cable channels like HBO and Showtime.
I don't have to talk to a surgeon to play a surgeon, you know what I mean?
My parents felt judged by me.
When I look back, I think I must have been hugely motivated. I would have loved for somebody to say, 'You go for it!' I just didn't have that.
It was my own internalised homophobia. I didn't want to be gay.
I didn't have a coming out moment.
There are still parts of the country where it's hard: when you realize you're gay, it's like a death sentence.
Everybody has their own way to deal with it. I don't concern myself with other people's - whether or not they want to come out, it's not something for me think about.
We're all conditioned to think we have to get to the top and be the best.
My first-ever role was the king in 'The Princess and the Pea.'
I did voice work for many years before I started having success as an actress. It was mostly radio and television voiceover work, but I know my way around the studio. I know how to use the cappuccino machines and the headphones.
I love that there are all these macho guy actors out there that have secret desires to be on 'Glee.'
I auditioned for a one-act version of 'The Princess and the Pea' called 'The Ugly Duckling,' and I was cast as the King, starting a pattern of being cast in roles originally intended for men. I went to the first rehearsal, and I didn't get any laughs, and I choked and I quit. I walked away from it and joined the tennis team.
I love James Taylor and Carole King, Joni Mitchell - this is, like, early '70s stuff. I love the stuff from the '40s. I love that tight harmony that the studio singers in the '50s would sing. I love Patsy Cline. Yeah, I'm all over the place.
I think my cruelty hides beneath the surface a lot more than Sue Sylvester's.
I think about Chicago as being a very actor-centered theater town, and people aren't in it to get to the next level, like movies and television. We're there for the love of the theater. So I think it fit right into my particular skill set, which is I love performing live.
I watch very selective television. I watch 'Mad Men,' and I usually watch a season at a time.
