American,Politician
When there were fears about the future of this nation's older cities... when a few of the cities teetered on the brink of bankruptcy, all eyes were focused on Chicago for contrast.
I accept that responsibility and ask only that I be judged by my performance as its chief executive.
But always I was a private citizen whose activities in government or political party were appointive.
Tonight - by taking this solemn oath - I am no longer a private citizen but the Mayor of the City of Chicago.
I am a Democrat. I have been one all of my life.
I pledge tonight to be Mayor for all of the people of this city - for one Chicago.
The people of Chicago are a proud people - and for good reason.
Chicago kept industry, attracted new business, became the center for convention trade and transportation.
Our universities and museums are respected around the country.
The Chicago Symphony is considered the greatest orchestra in the world.
The credit for much of this rightly belongs to the late Mayor Daley who forged a coalition of business and labor that kept Chicago always moving ahead.
But I am committed to keeping this city a strong and viable center for commerce and industry, for continuing to make it a place of opportunity for its citizens.
In the days and months I spent walking through the various communities of this city, I found that Chicago did not work for everyone, however.
Chicago's neighborhoods have always been this city's greatest strength.
If those communities are left to decay, this city will decay.
Be assured that I did not become the Mayor of Chicago to preside over its decline.
I am here before you tonight to dedicate this administration to bringing a new renaissance of neighborhood life and community spirit, a renewal of confidence in the future of our city and a revival of opportunity for all Chicago.
We saw hundreds of programs to redevelop the central city, the neighborhoods, in the past.
If we are to succeed, we must recognize that the community redevelopment is not solely the rehabilitation of housing, or putting a mall in the business strips.
If for no other reason than the energy crisis now facing this country, the federal government should be eager to become partners with us in rebuilding our city.
The nation can no longer afford to continue policies that hasten the flight of persons to the distant suburbs.
For my part, I plan to work out a fair and adequate redistribution of city services to all city neighborhoods.
City employees will be hired and promoted because of their abilities - without outside interference.
The cooperation of government at its different levels is important and can only be achieved as long as the people of Chicago are directly involved in our efforts and supportive of our goals.
As I visited the various neighborhoods in the campaign, I learned fast that it's a mistake to think that all of the wisdom and possible solutions to our problems are available only in this building.
In the housing projects, people talked of ways to reduce crime, relieve overcrowding, and they were good ideas that we plan to study, and possibly implement.
