American,Musician
I feel myself becoming the fearless person I have dreamt of being. Have I arrived? No. But I'm constantly evolving and challenging myself to be unafraid to make mistakes.
One of my core values is to help redefine what it means to be a strong and beautiful woman in the music and fashion worlds and to empower the wonderful things that make us unique.
I have not lost any of my crazy, fearless, raw, soulful, eclectic side and I plan on continuing to tell universal stories in an unforgettable way.
You are only as beautiful as the many beautiful things you do for others without expectation.
I'm attracted to things that scare me, like 'Psycho,' my favorite Hitchcock movie.
I won't sit here and say I've never had a pimple, but I try to have a really great diet, you know, lots of vegetables and fish. And I think stress plays a huge part too.
I always carry my classic black-and-white tux and custom-made George Esquivel saddle shoes.
It's a big universe. To stay in one tiny place is doing a disservice to yourself.
I always think about the next generation and creating a different blueprint for them. That's my goal: to let them know there's another way.
We don't all have to take the same coordinates to get to the same destination. Being a young African American female artist, I want to open doors for young black girls.
I'm inspired by the words: 'electrifying', 'epic', 'minimalistic', 'transcendent', 'timeless' and 'rock n' roll.'
I believe it's time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them.
Honestly, I don't believe in menswear. I focus on what pieces are most timeless, transcendent, match my lifestyle, remain remarkable, and command intriguing attention across the room at an art gallery.
I enjoy how women dressed in the 1920s with the shimmering jewels and rich feathers.
Children go with whatever makes them feel good - like if that's the color green or orange, they do that with their clothes. As I've grown older, everything reversed. My music, my personality - onstage those things became my colors.
Some songs you get. Some songs you may not. And I think that's the beauty of art: to question and to ask, to understand the deeper meaning after two or three or four listenings.
I love the mystery behind things.
I love Fun. They're great guys. They're incredible artists and musicians.
Everything is about balance. You can't work, work, work, work without any play.
I don't do a lot of collaborations that I don't believe in. Actually, I don't do any collaborations that I don't believe in.
People in my family and camp who grew up listening to rap music love 'We Are Young.' I've heard it play at weddings. I've heard it in graduation parties. It's a big idea and big song.
When I got into the music industry, I wasn't focused on being the most famous artist or even getting a major record deal. It was just to make music on my own terms or create my own image, do my own hair, do my own makeup.
I just think my own ambition would not allow me to sit on the gifts that my creator had given me. And so that's when I realized that I could actually go away.
I believe that imagination inspires nations. It's something that I live by.
It's unfortunate that a lot of people think African-American female artists are monolithically R&B this-or-that, don't have to do anything by default.
Becoming a CoverGirl is truly an honor and a gift. It opens up a new platform for me to inspire women to feel stronger, braver and more beautiful inside and out.
