American,Politician
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.
No other country on earth could have provided such tremendous opportunities and we should never take the privilege of our citizenship for granted.
I have said it on several occasions, several times from this podium, that providing a quality education for our children is high on my priority list. I will not stop now.
Despite Arizona's remarkable growth in recent years, we have met the current federal health standards for ozone pollution and the Environmental Protection Agency recently approved our dust control plan.
We emerged from the events of September 11 more steadfast in our beliefs, more courageous in our actions and more determined to protect our values than ever before.
We're helping those children who cannot help themselves and giving a push to those who can. We've done it by working together for a common purpose. I see no reason to stop now.
In twenty years, the Lottery has raised over $1.4 billion. It has been run successfully and efficiently.
We improved the environment in which our children live, learn and play by decreasing crime and clamping down on abuse and violence in the home and on the streets.
It is time to maximize and prioritize our health care dollars.
While I have some regrets that this is my last opportunity to deliver a State of the State address, I appreciate and am humbled by the opportunities this great state has given me.
Where else but in America could a schoolteacher from Kansas City end up the governor of her adopted state?
In a single moment, we witnessed the worst of human behavior. And in the next, the very best of human behavior. And even more, we witnessed the tremendous spirit of Americans.
Today, Arizona's sons and daughters, mothers and fathers are proudly serving their country.
I realized then that the generations may change but the strength of our nation remains solid.
The attack and our response show just how vital Arizona's military bases are to the defense of our country. We need to do everything we can to protect them.
Within minutes of the attack, your Department of Public Safety mobilized its Operations Center, headed by a national expert on weapons of mass destruction.
I also want to thank Arizona citizens for their efforts at conserving energy last summer.
Right after the tragedy, President Bush asked Americans to get on with their lives and we did.
Yesterday the flame of the Olympic torch was carried through our great state on its way to Salt Lake City.
Arizona faces many challenges ahead. None is more important or more pressing than passing a new state budget.
When completed, the budget must provide the services we have promised to our constituents.
Arizona now has one of the most innovative systems of financing school construction in the nation.
Arizona is a national leader in school choice with both charter schools and tuition tax credits giving parents and their children more school choices than ever before.
The Growing Smarter laws now in place compel every community to plan their future growth and allow every citizen the right to be heard when those decisions are made.
I often say that Arizonans should decide what's best for Arizona.
Safety on our highways has improved significantly, with the help of the Legislature and the media.
