American,Model
The past explains how I got here, but the future is up to me - and I love to live life at full throttle.
If you think I'm over-the-top, I am.
Photo shoots for underage girls are like letting an ant walk around with honey.
I find the light and work it, work it, work it.
I have been shaped by my mistakes and disappointments - just as I have been shaped by my successes.
But you see, that's the gilded prison of fashion. We're riding in private jets, and meantime I was so incredibly, painfully sad and lonely.
Hey, I fool the camera. I'm a liar, a magician.
The idea of the extreme makeover is disturbing.
And I will never, ever respond to anybody - man, woman, vegetable, or mineral - who tells me to keep my mouth shut.
People identify with me - everyone does - African American women, Caucasian women, they all identify with me because I'm ethnic.
I don't know why in society when a woman demands perfection she is called crazy.
I got a book deal without even turning in one shred of a writing sample.
Without gay men, I am nothing.
I had to fight like hell to convince people I was beautiful in my own Polish half-breed way.
Celebrity is hawking make-up, cars, everything; it's shifted.
In my day, I, being the first supermodel, I hawked everything.
I was hot and I knew it and it went to my head.
Mothers don't let your daughters grow up to be models unless you're present.
Self-help books are for the birds. Self-help groups are where it's at.
I've been the queen of dysfunction and made every mistake one can make.
I wish I'd gotten sober at a younger age.
I can wrap my legs around my neck.
I was lusted after walking down the streets of New York.
I grew up studying ballet; I grew up honing my craft.
I'm able to move like no one else you've ever seen in front of a camera.
I have a very vivid imagination.
I relax, meditate and do 80 minutes of yoga every day.
I have to make sure I exercise and that the ingredients that go into my body are completely organic.
Back in the day I was doing runway, editorial, advertising, spokesmodeling, and public appearances. Those are five different categories.
I was Versace's muse, I was Valentino's muse, I was Alaia's muse, Lancetti's muse, Calvin Klein's, Halston's. I could go on and on.
Los Angeles fashion is the Starbucks of the modeling world.
Reinvention is the key to surviving this fashion industry. Madonna is the perfect example of reinvention. She has taken something that is so little and turned herself into a legend by simply never staying the same.
I'm the female Simon Cowell. He said I'm the scariest woman he's ever met. I asked him why he never dated me, and he said I was too intimidating.
I'm probably the biggest reality television star living.
I was the first to sign up for Botox when it first came out.
I've sold everything from fashion, make-up, couture magazines, radio, reality television, movies. There isn't a thing I haven't sold, including Tampax. You name it.
Aside from my modelling, by the early Nineties I was also starting to work as a photographer, which I loved.
