American,Journalist
Easter is meant to be a symbol of hope, renewal, and new life.
Stockholm is surely an urban planner's dream. Everything works. Everything looks good.
Sarajevo was this beautiful city, very cosmopolitan, multiethnic, full of wonderful people, artists and writers and poets and Serbs and Muslims and Croats, and living side by side. And then this medieval siege, and it was a medieval siege, came, and the Bosnian Serbs were on the hills lobbing in rockets and grenades and mortars.
I know being pregnant and giving birth is the most wonderful thing on Earth. I know that after you have a baby, there is a sense of addiction, a need to have another. It's biological.
Sibling rivalry was, and still is to this day, rampant in my family. We were all competing for my parents' divided attention.
I spent a good part of the nineties roaming the Earth writing about conflict. It was very grueling. I was beginning to find this way of life was, wow, addictive and deeply meaningful.
To be a good reporter, writing about war, you have to write about the people. It's not about the tanks or the RPGs or military strategy. It's always about the effect war has on civilians, on society, and how it disrupts and destroys lives.
Human memory is short and terribly fickle.
When you write non-fiction, you sit down at your desk with a pile of notebooks, newspaper clippings, and books and you research and put a book together the way you would a jigsaw puzzle.
For the first five years of Luca's life, I desperately wanted to be a good mother and not to pass on this trauma and darkness that his father and I had experienced, but there's a danger of suffocating your kids, too.
There are people who are seekers and people who aren't.
From the earliest age, I was just different. I think that's part of every writer's little revenge. You think, 'I'm not a blonde, blue-eyed cheerleader but I'm going to get out of here and do something.'
My earliest memories are of the civil rights era. My earliest experiences were rage.
In Iraq during the days of Saddam, I had a government minder who followed me everywhere, reported on my activities.
I have never been embedded with the American army or, you know, with the big war machine.
Posttraumatic stress is something that's always existed. I think that the earliest recording was during the Trojan War, but it's only recently that we're beginning to be aware of it.
I never set out to be a journalist. I wanted to be a humanitarian doctor like Albert Schweitzer, working in Africa.
I did not read newspapers until I became a reporter.
I love magazines. I always read 'Time,' 'Newsweek' and 'The Economist.' When I get my hair cut, French 'Vogue,' French 'Elle,' 'Paris Match' - I read them all in 10 minutes.
During war time, when people were injured, I was really frustrated I did not become a doctor. It's painful not being able to save people, witnessing their pain.
It can't be bad having a mother who is fulfilled by her work.
In a very straightforward way, I am a terrible reporter. I'm not someone who can go into a story and not get involved.
Africa is a very dangerous place.
I see so many people get so wrapped up in wanting to get a bigger SUV or a bigger house. But then I think, 'My God, I could have been born a woman in the Congo.'
Lake Como has always been a magnet for the elite.
My mother came from a generation that did not want nannies. She had her first child at 24 and her last - me - at 42.
Paris certainly needs to promote itself. Although still the most visited city in the world, it has fallen behind London and Berlin in terms of cool.
There is a romantic, often misguided, misconception among the British that life in France is akin to life in Paradise.
In the aftermath of any war or genocide, healing and reconciliation are ultimate aspirations.
