American,Businessman
The only things that are really permanent are love, family, friendship, and that is a lesson. At the end of the day, that's really what it boils down to. The rest of it is just stuff.
The goal is to do things that are exciting and respectable.
I ran my own business when I was 19, buying condos and renovating apartment buildings.
I was raised to work for my father when I was four.
I speak with my father about everything in my life.
My father's favorite movie was 'The Dirty Dozen.'
Every 'Observer' writer wants to be a novelist.
I know I've done good things, I know I've done bad things.
'The Observer's Very Short List' is another example of how the Observer Media Group offers its readers the most cutting-edge information, available in a variety of platforms and written by an editorial staff known for its distinctive and discerning style and wit.
The N.Y.C. tech scene is vibrant, and Betabeat will be a great vehicle to cover it in depth.
Peter Kaplan was a partner, a mentor, and a friend.
New York City is the most important location in the world... it is the center for fashion, culture and finance.
I always thought, 'Will I go into the business, or will I not go into the business?' But when my father got arrested, I really didn't have a choice. I was the oldest son, and it was something that had to be done.
I own 'The New York Observer.'
I love my father, but I have worked to develop a separate and distinct identity in different projects I have worked on.
In this day and age, much of journalism is about right or left, conservative or liberal, and 'The Observer' is just that: an observer. It is about truth.
Age is a convenient barometer of what a person is capable of, but it is only one.
People are always alert to any change and skeptical by nature.
I have major sleeping problems. I'd rather be up thinking about things than actually sleeping.
You have to understand the separation between what exists in the print media and what exists in reality. It's important to never lose track of reality.
Growing up, around the dinner table my father and I didn't talk sports. We talked business.
When I bought 'The New York Observer,' my experience in journalism was limited to a single article I had written for a college magazine.
Peter Kaplan was a giant.
Politicians often say to me, 'Articles in the 'Observer' don't get me votes, but you get me money.'
I'm definitely scared about newspapers. The problem is nobody wants to catch a falling knife, and nobody knows where things will stabilise. The value of newspapers has dropped significantly. I think we still have more pain to be felt.
Browseability is the key online.
