American,Celebrity
Go to where the ducks are. Forget the duck calls. If you go where the ducks are coming, you're going to shoot more ducks.
If people want to simulate a godly lifestyle - great. If they don't - good luck with that.
I'm just a simple guy. I love being at my house with my family, I love playing dominos and card games and hunting and fishing. That's just what I like to do.
I thought Clint Eastwood was cool in all the western movies, but I'm not gonna drive somewhere he's at and stand in line to see him. I told Missy, my wife, 'The only person I'd stand in line for is God Almighty. You made the universe? All right, I'll get in line!'
My wife hates the beard. When we dated, I would grow it out during duck season. She said she could handle anything for three months - but now I have it all the time.
At the end of the day, I love eating duck. It's the best thing you can eat on this earth, especially grilled with jalapenos and cream cheese.
A duck tastes the same whether they're shot sitting or flying.
Men were created to have facial hair like women were created to be smooth-faced. Well, not all women. I've seen pockets where that's not the case, and that's not good.
I'm of the opinion that a duck does not change styles every time it crosses a state line. I think they sound the same way from Canada all the way to the coast. As far as championship calling... I realize that a duck could not win a world championship, and that's why I don't do that. When it comes to duck calling, our judges have wings.
We only call at ducks when their rear ends are towards us. If I'm looking at you and you call my name, then I know where the sound came from. But if you had your back to me and I holler and you turn around, you would assume somebody hollered. You want your decoys to represent the sound that you're making.
I've always said the key to killing a lot of mallards if you live on the East Coast is to move west. The No. 1 rule in duck hunting is to go where the ducks are.
