American,Actor
'Ice Age 4' came totally out of nowhere for me. I was told Fox Animation was interested in hiring me as a story supervisor or something or other that sounded way too professional for me.
'Ice Age' felt like stage acting. You'd write a sequence, and sometimes you'd submit pages, but other times, I would actually perform it for the directors and producer in my office.
When you work for DC, it's sort of like working for the CIA. You have a vow of silence.
I am someone who, from a very young age, was a huge fan of DC Comics.
I'm biased toward romantic comedies; they're probably my favorite genre.
I'm a sucker for 'When Harry Met Sally' and all that romantic stuff.
I started acting when I was really young. I knew I wanted to be in the industry in other ways. I knew that I wanted to do more than just act. I don't know that I knew it was screenwriting, but I just knew that I wanted to be involved.
The 'Pan' script made it to the Black List in 2013.
I finished 'Ice Age: Continental Drift' in 2012, and I'm living in my agent's guest bedroom in Los Angeles because you don't make a ton of money writing an animated film. The movie makes a billion dollars, and you make 'twelve cents.'
I got stuck on the Peter Pan ride when I was nine years old with my dad at Disney World. We got stuck on that part of the ride when you're suspended in the pirate ship above the miniature London, and I was fascinated by the why of it all. 'Why is Peter Peter Pan, why is he in Neverland, how did he learn how to fly, etc.?'
I don't know what'll ever happen if I'm in a healthy relationship. My writing career will go down the tubes.
I come from a Hasidic background; I am only one generation removed.
Reading scripts or commercial copy isn't a problem for me, so I can really focus on the acting instead of it being secondary.
For film and TV, try to have a more conversational tone. For stage, you'll need better diction and bigger vocal production.
I convinced my parents to let me see an agent, but because I had been taught never to speak to strangers, I was so quiet during the interview, they said to bring me back when I was older.
