American,Politician
When determining appropriate levels of compensation, management must determine if the employee turnover rate is too low, too high, or just right. If turnover rate is high enough to adversely impact the entity's performance, then employee compensation is probably too low.
You tell people that the NFL is a nonprofit entity, and they just start laughing and giggling. But it's not fair.
I think what we're going to hear is that we didn't meet the basic, minimum standards required for a facility such as the one we had in Benghazi. And the request for more security personnel went unheeded, unanswered, and consequently, you know, you have the death of four Americans.
The time has come for President Obama to formally rescind his order to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and end his irresponsible allegations of injustices at the facility, which operates in a framework that respects the rule of law, keeps terrorists off American soil, and bolsters our national security.
Government is not being honest with taxpayers when it renews existing tax breaks and calls them new tax cuts.
Well, look, I'm as Tea Party as it gets.
Our Strategic Petroleum Reserve is there for a natural disaster or some other catastrophe.
The American people deserve a blueprint for policymaking that is built upon the Constitution of the United States and the principles of fiscal discipline, limited government, accountability, and a strong national defense.
I really truly worry that the debt is one of the single biggest threat to the United States of America, that we're talking about a problem that is multi-trillion in its depth and I think we ought to be cutting more.
I'm an optimist.
You know, I think what people want more than anything is they just want people to do what they say they're going to do.
The only good place for a sage grouse to be listed is on the menu of a French bistro. It does not deserve federal protection, period.
I don't have a problem talking about Medicare or Medicaid or some other very important issue.
A premium support program is different than a voucher program. They're just fundamentally different.
I was ranked the second most conservative member in the House.
My challenge to members on both sides of the aisle is to stand up and have the integrity to say that we have a dead U.S. agent; we have a Department of Justice that lied to Congress.
You don't raise taxes in times of such uncertainty.
Federal spending is atrocious.
If you're going to grow the economy, if people are going to have more income, you have to have stability in the marketplace.
Governor Romney has paid 100 percent of his taxes that are owed. He has complied 100 percent with what the law requires.
Obstruction of Congress in our work is a crime.
I've always viewed Mitt Romney as a very conservative person.
Straw purchasing is illegal.
I'm not scared of diversity. We have to have debates and win the argument, and if there are amendments that need to be brought up so we find out where the party is, so be it.
The only way you can raise the debt ceiling is to change the trajectory of spending - that's my personal preference. But I want the Ways and Means Committee to offer up a solution.
I didn't plan on running for speaker, but I don't see anyone else stepping up. I know I'm the underdog.
While the deficit and debt are serious problems, I oppose solving these problems by raising taxes.
High tax rates distort economic decision making, and our corporate income tax rate is one of the highest in the world.
I would support eliminating certain tax breaks that are not economically justifiable if they are offset with reductions in tax rates.
I ran for Congress because I want to help change the way we do business in Washington, D.C.
Throughout my first year in office, I have stood up for principles that will guide our country back toward the path of freedom and prosperity.
We have seen an outrageous increase in the size, scope, and intrusiveness of the federal government.
Data indicate that taxpayers may be paying their public servants more than a little too much.
From December 2007 through June 2009, average federal employee salaries increased by 6.6 percent, while average private-sector salaries increased by 3.9 percent.
In addition to higher pay, federal government employment is far more secure than private-sector employment.
I went to Brigham Young University on a football scholarship. I wasn't a football player; I was a place kicker.
When you're on a football scholarship, you get a stipend that's supposed to cover your rent and a few incidentals. It was $360 a month. This was the late 1980s, and the NCAA has an interesting rule where you're not allowed to supplement your income with a part-time job.
Now I get a very nice salary as a member of Congress, but when I'm in Washington, I sleep in my office.
A dash of frugality is a good thing for everyone.
There has to be a better, smarter way to authenticate who somebody is. Social Security numbers are floating out there everywhere.
I have the greatest respect and admiration for Congressman Issa, but I don't intend to be Darrell Issa-like.
There should be a pathway to citizenship - not a special pathway and not no pathway.
I'm trying to unify us internally so that we can - instead of firing on each other - fire on the Democrats and communicate a message and start talking about issues.
The biggest problem that we have on the face of the planet is Iran getting a nuclear weapon.
Nearly 30 million people ride Amtrak each year, and they should board the trains knowing that safety is a paramount priority.
My mother, she passed away when I was 28 years old. She fought cancer for more than 10 years. She had breast cancer, and I miss her.
What I don't want to become numb to is wasting those taxpayer dollars.
