American,Coach
Discipline is doing what you really don't want to do so you can do what you really want to do.
You can't live in Orange County and train in Thousand Oaks. OK? you just can't. Not with the hours we put in. We have to be on time.
I had this moment in church, which I think really turned me off. I was 7 or 8 years old and I was sitting at church, and we happened to be playing with the sunlight that was coming down from the stained glass window, and the monsignor came down to the pew and grabbed us by our neck collars and said, 'I'll deal with you.'
We're gonna play fast, we're gonna play physical, we're gonna play furious, and we're gonna play contact football.
We push players beyond their limits and expectations every day. We ask them to take risks. Sometimes, as coaches, we have to remember to do that with our decisions, too.
The nickel spot, inside. It's the hardest position to play. It's harder than outside.
We have to sell a gameplan, and you have to be enthusiastic, and you have to have energy come Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
I'm not a real big text guy. I'm not really into this new age stuff. I don't twit or tweet, but I think face-to-face is a man thing.
I actually ran in junior high school a little bit, you know, like most kids do in track and things. Then I got out of it and just trained for football and played ball for so many years - high school, college and the NFL.
I've always liked to run. I did it from a conditioning standpoint, you know. I really enjoyed running, and I do it to stay in shape.
My kids are athletic, but they don't run.
There was something missing. But in my world, there is never time to figure out what is, in fact, missing.
It's not a born-again thing; it was a peaceful, really, really cool moment where I just felt that I was no longer the dad anymore. I actually had become a son, and it makes things much easier from a day-to-day perspective.
One of the more difficult things is the time. Either you are going 100 miles an hour, or you are sleeping. There is nothing in between.
Pay respect to your opponent.
You can't put a running back in there and have him not know who to pick up. You can't get your quarterback hit.
As we say from time to time, it's hard to win in the National Football League.
Austin Pettis can make plays.
We have an ascending player in Brian Quick, who, I think, is going to be a very, very solid player for us.
Typically, there's about 20, 25 percent turnover every year. So, every three or four years with the exception of, as is the case with the Patriots and the quarterback, you have a roster turnover.
I'm just really appreciative of the loyal fans in St. Louis who just lost their team. It's not an easy situation to go through. On the other hand, we have to move forward.
Our teams always play hard.
Your receivers have to catch it, not drop it.
You only have so much time in a day.
Our philosophy here, guys, is we're going to work as long as we have to to get the work done. I'm not one that wants the coaches to compete to see who can get in the earliest, who stays the latest, who passes themselves on the way into work in the morning.
It's all about giving yourself a chance to win the opener, and then after that, you focus in on Week 2.
To survive in the NFC West, we have to win in the trenches.
From our perspective, the most important thing is what you do with the players, how you handle them, your ability to communicate with them.
I was a pretty mediocre player.
You're moving a franchise. You're leaving one city and going to another, which is difficult from a fan standpoint, from a fan-base standpoint, but you have to take care of the detail things. As you go through that step-by-step process, from my standpoint, my job is to keep in mind the player needs.
I learned the most important thing is to put yourself in the shoes of the players.
Player safety has been an essential focus for us for a number of years.
I couldn't identify just one, but there's numerous rule changes and points of emphasis that have reflected a change on the field almost immediately. It's hard to avoid the horse-collar tackle, for example, but the players understand why the rule is in there - because of the injury rate prior to us making that a personal foul.
You address the respect issue in a team-meeting environment. With respect to its application, it's not just locker room. It's practice field. It's on and off the field. It's on Sunday, and it's on game days.
Having grown up there, my dad in 1967 took me to the Rams-Eagles game, and I've been a Rams fan since I was a kid.
A lot of coaches make it harder than it should be. Some are too hard on themselves, obsessing about controlling everything, not trusting their assistants, worrying about time.
When you have trust, it gives you a better chance to be successful.
