American,Comedian
There's only one true superpower amongst human beings, and that is being funny. People treat you differently if you can make them laugh.
Forget 'full of myself,' I'm not remotely impressed with myself.
As an individual doing a podcast, you don't get even remotely rich. It's not something to do for money.
My kids have played soccer and baseball and basketball, and the parents who come to games are always saying and doing things that are just wildly inappropriate.
For me, baseball is more comparable to chess than it is to hockey.
I do love directing. It's probably my favorite thing that I do.
Why do I want to be challenged or have challenges? That's why I don't go climb mountains.
I'm totally comfortable not being as funny as Larry David.
I hate cellphones. They are not for good, they're for evil. They're for gossip.
Comedians sometimes forget that there's an audience. You gotta be conscious that you're performing for other human beings.
The only thing that I demand of the audience is that they listen to what I'm saying. Other than that, they owe me nothing. They don't owe me a thing.
I like independent movies, documentaries. There's not a lot of movies that are commercially made that I dig.
I've avoided doing network shows because I don't think they're true to real families.
I like raconteurs; I like conversation. I liked the 'Tonight Show' when it was 90 minutes, I like when people aren't plugging things per se, and they're just in the moment being interesting.
I have the bigger iPad, but the Mini is the best. It just seems perfect. The old one seems so big and heavy. I like simple and clean.
Parents have got to chill out. Let your kid eat dirt - they're gonna be fine!
Whenever I meet someone who's talented, I always want to write something for them!
Directing is really my favorite thing to do, but if I never directed again, I'd be okay if all the work I did was good.
I don't care what I do - act, stand-up, write, direct - it doesn't matter as long as I'm being creative and it's good work.
In my stand-up, I generally improvise from an outline.
Certainly early on, I kind of modeled myself after Steve Martin and Bill Murray. I would imitate them sometimes.
I'm from Chicago and it's a huge influence on me.
I never analyze stuff with comedy because it's boring. It makes you stop being funny. Just be who you are and do what you do, and you're either funny or you're not.
I don't think I'm ever going to retire from stand-up, but what I have retired from is working the road every week.
First off, I don't do self-deprecation comedy based on being fat. I would always talk about it honestly. Secondly, I don't care how much I weigh.
I felt very comfortable about myself when I was much heavier. I feel much better about myself from being fit.
