American,Actor
Persistence pays off.
I have this weird allergy where metal can't touch my skin.
It's hard to boo a puppy. You can't boo a handful of puppies.
Puerto Rico is beautiful. I mean, I love it. But it's hard to film here. It's hard to film an action movie here where you're outside, and you're running around all day.
I think, as I've gotten older I have realized what a huge privilege it is to even be in this business. I, more than ever, love what I do.
Ian McShane's character in 'Deadwood' was awesome.
What's special about Miami is the collision of cultures. And the white sand beaches and fantastic restaurants.
My background was in graphic design, but when I was doing it, it was all hand-drawn stuff, not computers.
Comedian sort of enjoys the darkness because, essentially, he's a thug. He's just not a nice guy.
Jon Hamm - I know him. I love him.
I grew up with my uncle's comic books at my grandma's house, so I've always loved my comic book reading.
I love playing a villain. I think that there's something freeing about that, and it's a different kind of challenge.
Moths are okay. Actually, moths don't bother me near as much as, say, spiders do.
I literally will write Shonda Rhimes, the creator of 'Grey's,' an e-mail once a month or so and just say, 'Hey, I love you and thank you.' That was my moment. Because of that, I'm doing 'Magic City.'
The last decade has been a little rough, so I'm hoping to start this one on the right foot.
I'm not one of those guys who is going to dye his beard. I'm not that vain.
Acting is a hard profession. More than anything, it takes fortitude.
I know that my foot is firmly wedged in the door, and I'll be damned if I pull it out, even for a second.
I think, before 'Watchmen,' I was the guy from 'Grey's Anatomy' who's a pretty good guy, a pretty charming sweet guy, and so as an actor, I really wanted to do something as far from that as I could.
Within a five-month period, I got 'Weeds,' 'Supernatural,' and 'Grey's.' I think a lot of it had to do with luck.
If it's football season, all things sort of stop. I'm from Seattle, so I'll watch the Seahawks and whatever other game that day is worthy.
If you look at my resume, I've more often than not played a very solid, decent human being.
Turns out I'm getting old.
I would bend over backward to be back on Grey's. Any day, I'll choose lying in bed with Katherine Heigl looking over me over getting thrown against walls by supernatural persons at 5 in the morning.
I'm just looking always for characters that change, because I want to get better, as an actor and as a person.
The only reason I went to college was to play basketball. I injured my knee and couldn't play.
I feel like every day I'm exceedingly lucky.
There are a lot of weenie American actors, and a lot of foreign actors are having the luck.
Not naming names, but it shocks me, some of the people who get the breaks.
A family going through a divorce, a child under attack by a demon, all these things I could relate to.
Miami is not optimal for raising a child.
I've been kicking around this business for a long time.
You kick around long enough, and good things can happen.
Shooting all day in the rain is not where you want to be.
To do this movie in a watered-down fashion or have these characters be watered down wouldn't have been near as effective. It wouldn't have been staying true to what this 'Watchmen' phenomenon is.
A 12-year-old can watch 'Spiderman.' A 12-year-old cannot watch 'Watchmen.'
I do some of my best work when I'm dead.
It's mostly women who I get really weird fan mail from.
I've become accustomed to playing the good guy - maybe a rough exterior, but a heart of gold in there somewhere.
I think the challenge for me in this role is going to be, is there any heart in Negan? For me, I look at that as a challenge as an actor, and that's the kind of thing that I embrace and really look forward to.
Some nights, a romantic dinner can be killed by having to do dishes afterward, so it probably suits you better to go out for dinner. But I love cooking and always have.
'The Exoricist' and 'The Shining,' there is some horrific stuff, and it's mostly what you put in your own head, which I find amazing.
I've always had a problem showing fear on a film.
I'm a complete skeptic when it comes to the supernatural and all that. I've never had any ghost stories or any kind of weird experiences.
I think you judge your career by the scripts that are being sent your way.
I usually play tough guys and stuff like that.
Showing fear is like having comedic timing because I think actors have a tendency to go way over the top with it, and that sort of loses steam for what's going on. The audience sees right through that and laughs at you, so it is something that I'm aware of.
I was a huge fan of the original Red Dawn. America and brothers, you can't beat that in my world. I think there's nothing greater.
He is scary as the butcher, but you will not meet a lovelier, more interesting guy than Danny Huston. His stories leave me spellbound. I adore him.
I've called myself an actor - I won't say I've been an actor, but I've called myself an actor - since 1989. That's when I moved to Los Angeles.
Being an actor is a crazy way to spend one's life. It's the love of the game. Blind luck has a lot to do with it. Then you hope when you get your shot that you know what you're doing.
It's just as easy for me to be building a fence somewhere and scraping by on unemployment in between doing a guest star spot. I've been there.
I have a lot of respect for what I do, for this profession.
I always was irritated doing network television... You're in love, you make love. That happens.
I love myself a truffle. I can put a truffle in anything and make it good.
I've got a love affair with Harley-Davidson. One of my earliest photos with my dad is of him holding me as a baby on his bike.
In a Western, you talk more with your eyes and your actions than you do with big speeches. I love that.
In a Western, you don't over-explain.
I love the challenge of having an audience know what you're thinking without having to tell the audience what you're thinking.
If I could just make Westerns for the rest of my life, that's all I would do. It's my favorite movie to make. There's something about being a cowboy.
I've worked with kids that are just horrendous, and it's mostly because of their parents.
I love Bill Murray, but I'm not quite Bill Murray. I wish!
I live in the woods, so really the only way you can get to me is if you send a letter.
There's that rule, don't work with kids and animals. There's a reason for that!
My agent will say, 'Well, it's another graphic novel.' I don't care. It's better writing than anything else that's out there. The characters are much better.
I feel like if you shoot one scene all day long or you take two days to do a scene, that scene is going to be stale.
The great thing about Starz is that there's not a lot of restrictions.
Since Chris Albrecht took over the network, I think more and more people are finding Starz. He made HBO what HBO became, and now he's doing the same thing at Starz.
Once I got over my initial butterflies, being in the same room and doing a scene with Jimmy Caan was great. I never backed down for one second against him. I loved it. I love those moments. Working with people like that is the greatest joy you can get as an actor.
I haven't watched a lot of episodes of 'The Good Wife.' I never even saw the show until I signed on, and then I watched seven episodes.
I don't think I could last in anything for 10 years doing a character.
If you outsmart your audience, you're going to lose them.
I go to Comic-Con every year, generally with some project of some sort.
I don't need to practice my swing. I grew up with a bat in my hands.
I was an artist - I fancied myself an artist - I sold paintings at bars to pay my rent.
I had no intention of being an actor, ever.
I've got a different life. I live up on a farm; I don't have anything to do with social media.
I love what I do for a living, but the other side, that aspect of being famous or a celebrity's got zero interest to me.
I've got a stack of the 'Walking Dead' comic books next to my bed here.
