American,Athlete
I still think we have a great shot at this championship.
When you're in a race car, you're going through so many different emotions throughout that race.
You've got to be the best person you can be in your life.
I think fear is what keeps us from going over the edge. I mean, as a race car driver, I don't think what makes a good race car driver is a fearless person. I think it's somebody that is comfortable being behind the wheel of something that's somewhat out of control.
I think driving in New York is a great experience. A lot more racing techniques go into it than anyplace else I've ever driven. There basically are no lanes.
As I get older, my appreciation for wine has just increased. I fell in love with wine through my travels, but knowing what the wine country is all about definitely makes it my own.
You are going to make choices and decisions that sometimes aren't going to always work in your favor and they are going to upset some other people.
My image lends itself a little bit more to the modern fan, sometimes more toward the kids, and I guess more toward the wine drinkers... I mean, I have my own wine, and fans love to pull for people they relate to.
In NASCAR, you don't have to be as physically strong as in some other forms of racing. You've just got to be able to endure the heat and endurance of it.
So much of my life is spent just focused on driving race cars.
I'm just another link in the chain.
I don't feel I'm a step above anyone on this team. I'm just another link in the chain.
I'll do a little prayer here and there if I feel the need to.
You may be leading, then you might be at the back of the pack trying to work your way up. It's just a constant reminder not to give up, and to know that God, in my mind, is really in control.
I want to force the other drivers to find a way past me.
I want to race as long as I'm having fun, it's competitive and healthy, and who knows when that, you know, date comes when that's not happening anymore.
There's no greater feeling than winning a race.
The business model of racing is not a pretty one.
When you've got the Daytona 500 out there at stake and everything riding on the line, guys go for it, and the guys that go for it are the ones that are either going to win or they're going to wreck.
You know, sometimes guys work with other guys because they're buddies off the track, not necessarily because they're buddies on the track. Sometimes you've got that going against you or for you.
My career in racing started at a very young age in California.
I don't like to get beat in anything!
I think perception is important.
In California, especially Northern California, the fans really cheer for me.
We have to keep our fans watching not just at home on TV but here at the racetrack too. This is where you sell people on the speed and excitement of racing.
I just feel rejuvenated in such a big way because of these race cars I get to drive.
