American,Politician
This isn't about deer hunting. The Second Amendment is about our right to keep and bear arms to defend ourselves.
I like the look of a windmill.
As an avid hunter, outdoor enthusiast, and life member of the NRA, I understand the importance of protecting the right to keep and bear arms.
The enemies of freedom are waging an all-out assault on the Second Amendment to the Constitution, which we have sworn to protect and defend.
Mark Meadows will fight for what's right, because he understands that higher taxes and more regulations are not the way to solve our country's problems.
The United States did not act in Iraq in 1988 when gas was being used on the Kurds or when gas was used in the Iranian-Iraq War.
I think Congress can pass a bill when the American people start regaining trust in the administration to actually do their job and enforce the laws that are already on the books.
While the Census Bureau already has a legal obligation to keep people's information confidential, we all know that in an age of cyber attacks and computer hacking that ensuring people's privacy can be difficult.
Each child is made in the image of God and has inherent worth.
Honestly, the egos and the quest and thirst for power is very prevalent in Washington.
I'm confident that Gov. Romney can win over the American people on the promise of limited government, defending individual liberties and a return to common-sense solutions to our country's biggest problems.
I'd love to see lower spending levels, and in absence of lower spending levels, I'd love to see us reallocate where some of that spending is and really address the entitlements that continue growing.
There are a lot of us that want to see limitations on refugee resettlement programs.
I haven't been in Washington long, but I have learned that it is a place filled with people who say one thing to get elected and do the opposite once they get there.
I believe Ted Cruz is the right candidate for the right time in our country's history. A proven leader and a consistent conservative who will fight the Washington cartel and stand up for the American people.
I have run across characters in my political career that have that singular focus of being someone, being in a position of power.
We don't know what we don't know about Ebola. We think we know it's a virus, but is it mutating? Can it be spread by airborne?
I'm concerned that we're sending these military men... facing an infectious disease that could be deadly. If they go to Iraq, and they fight ISIL, and they come home, they're not bringing ISIL with them and threatening their families or platoon mates.
I was joking the other day that I'm American UKIP.
Like millions of other Americans, I receive health insurance through my employer.
Unfortunately, the health care bill commonly referred to as ObamaCare is making it more difficult for employers to provide insurance to their employees. It limits individuals' ability to pick their own doctors and, over time, decreases the quality of care we provide in this country.
I can't discuss the possibility of the U.S. involvement in Syria's civil war without also talking about Benghazi.
Tourism is our No. 1 industry in South Carolina.
Gov. Romney's policies would be a clear departure from the dubious tactics of the Obama administration.
The Census Bureau can ask citizens very invasive questions, and if they don't respond, the government shows up at their door and threatens them with a fine.
Americans are fed up with these mandatory census surveys, and they're asking us to stop the harassment.
Conservatives of Western North Carolina should send Mark Meadows to Congress. We need his help.
Do we want someone as secretary of state that is somehow tainted in this Benghazi issue?
A criminal pipeline from Cuba to Florida threatens U.S. national security interests with Cuban migrants exploiting U.S. law, stealing from the American taxpayer, and paying the Cuban government to live large off the cash in Cuba.
The American people deserve answers about Benghazi before we move forward with military involvement in Syria's civil war.
Radical Islamic jihadists have a long-term vision. And if they have to stay in Europe to obtain a citizenship, to ultimately travel to the United States, and if it takes them five years or ten years, they're okay with that. History has proven that.
We need to hit pause, and possibly reset, as we think about this whole Syrian refugee resettlement issue.
I think Americans raise eyebrows when you tell them that IRS agents are training with a type of weapon that has stand-off capability. It's not like they're carrying a sidearm, and they knock on someone's door and say, 'You're evading your taxes.'
I support American energy production, and it will be produced by companies - Exxon, BP, Shell - and continue to support American energy.
We have to deal with the nation's debt.
We're giving those benefits away, which we earn as citizens of this nation, of being legalized citizens.
I want to see Netanyahu speak to the Congress and speak to the American people about the real situation in Israel, and let me just say, I stand with Israel 100 percent, and I will never waiver on that.
Americans are in need of an all-of-the-above energy approach, and when you think about all-of-the-above, you think about wind, solar, hydrogen, think about all those groovy technologies I really like.
I have sympathy for the people in Syria, and I do think there should be a worldwide response, but we should act cautiously.
Saddam was a bad guy. Assad's a bad guy. Nobody's denying that.
Somebody in this regime used chemical weapons, whether it was Assad - an order from him, or his brother, or someone else. Who knows? I don't think the evidence is clear. But it is clear that chemical weapons were used.
I thought Trump really exposed himself as a truther, and I don't think that will play real well in South Carolina.
Harry Reid rammed a partisan healthcare bill through the Senate that most Americans didn't want, and now it seems that members of his own staff don't want ObamaCare either.
Despite my fierce opposition to the bill, I signed up for insurance through the exchanges and instructed my staff do the same.
Members of Congress and their staffs should be the first to feel the negative consequences of poorly written legislation, not the last.
They say 'Ted Cruz can't win.' Really? Have you talked to Ted?
I think America is less safe on a lot fronts, and I disagree with the release of the information from Dianne Feinstein. I think she's as much a traitor to this country at this point as I thought about Edward Snowden and his release of information about other investigations and abilities from an intelligence standpoint.
I have more nuclear physicists living in my district than in any other district.
Neutrality works well in my district.
