American,Musician
For every prohibition you create, you also create an underground.
You can spend the money on new housing for poor people and the homeless, or you can spend it on a football stadium or a golf course.
I got involved because I wanted to help inspire more people to get off their butts and register and vote - not just in this election, but in every other election from now on, you know?
When there's people on the other side of the room trying to wipe out your life and things are stacked against you, you can get nervous.
There's sort of an open offer to work with a guy in Los Angeles who does big band and orchestra arrangements who was at least an acquaintance to Les Baxter before he passed away.
So basically the understanding on these so-called reissues is that they were done behind my back, without my permission, and the band informed me that I would no longer be paid on them at all.
If evolution is outlawed, only outlaws will evolve.
My parents didn't hide reality. I watched cartoons and the news with equal fascination.
Once you get involved with bloodsport litigation, you can not only get drunk on your own greed but start to believe your own lies.
The last true punk band to get a major label contract was The Dickies.
Don't hate the media, become the media.
Well, I don't think I'll ever stop being frustrated or feel fulfilled artistically.
If I go without rock for too long, I feel depressed.
We didn't have money to put out everything we wanted to put out.
That's the way both they and I travel sometimes. Pick road at random, and when it's time to pull over, you pull over and hope you can find a place to crash.
It depends on the situation. I mean, on one hand there's the argument that people should be left alone on the other hand, there's the argument to wade in a stop slaughters in places like Bosnia and Kosovo and what we probably should have done in Rwanda.
Respecting other people's cultures is well and good, but I draw the line at where some branches of Islam, what they do to women. It's indefensible.
The jury had down right contempt for punk rock grass roots ethics.
I didn't really start writing music or lyrics or turning them into songs until I went to San Francisco.
Then as I got older, I always gravitated towards the hard stuff, Born To Be Wild, then Black Sabbath.
I went through a big Alice Cooper phase, which was probably a major influence on my writing style later, especially after Plastic Surgery Disasters.
The Sonics I found later and that was pretty important.
Let me start by saying, I'm utterly disgusted with the former members of the Dead Kennedys.
What I'm getting at is, you know, if we really want to get serious about helping all the people living in the street and getting people jobs, we could just hire half the people in the country to spy on the other half.
Especially in local elections, because hardly anybody pays attention to those - but it's really important who's mayor and who's on the city council, county commissioners, sheriffs, district attorney, and of course the school board.
I'm totally down with insurrection in the street. I've had a great time with that over the years. Insurrection in the voting booth is the other part of the equation.
