American,Model
Family is a unique gift that needs to be appreciated and treasured, even when they're driving you crazy. As much as they make you mad, interrupt you, annoy you, curse at you, try to control you, these are the people who know you the best and who love you.
My advice: Take a second out of the day today and be thankful for your family.
As human beings we value the experience that comes with age. We are reminded over and over again with statements like 'older and wiser' and 'respect your elders,' promoting age as something to be cherished and respected.
Being a caretaker is, and never will be, an easy job; in fact, it is that hardest job in the world and many times a thankless job. You have to be the pillar of strength even when you feel like you are crumbling to pieces inside.
When you see how fragile and delicate life can be, all else fades into the background.
One year, my good deed started with deciding to give all my friends makeup from a cruelty-free cosmetics line that I love. I did this with the hope that they would love it as much as I do and end up switching their makeup over to that cruelty-free line forever.
I so love the bad-boy look.
Aleta St. James is an internationally renowned energy healer, life coach, best selling author, and more. Aleta does private sessions to release old resistance and shift out of anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, trauma, addictions, infertility, and insecurity at a cellular level.
As caretakers, we feel drained when caring for another, and in order to take care of someone else, we need to take care of ourselves at the same time.
I think cancer is a hard battle to fight alone or with another person at your side, but I will say having someone to pick you up when you fall, stand by your side through every appointment and delivery of bad news, is priceless.
There are plenty of easy things that you can do from the comfort of your own home to get you started on the path of giving back.
I'm not playing 'Survivor' when someone I love has cancer.
My family and high school friends were the only people who were with me every step of the way through my mothers' illness. They sat by my side year after year and consoled me. If they ever sent me a bill, I would be paying them off for the rest of my life.
In the game of 'Survivor,' there is no time for regrets.
When I played 'Survivor', I sat back many times and marveled that no one had gotten into a real physical altercation. With all the backbiting, lies, and lack of food, a fight didn't sound far off base, considering the strained and fragile emotions.
You don't treat cancer - you fight it.
Loving and parenting a dog as a single parent can create all sorts of new and unusual problems, but also new sources of joy.
When my mother was diagnosed with cancer, my middle school friends and myself really had no idea the impact of that diagnosis, but my family did.
When you walk through the hospital, you waiver between feeling bad for everyone else and feeling bad for yourself. It's a war of the worlds - the healthy and the sick.
You always get apprehensive before you do shoots.
For some reason for me, and a lot of people, it's so hard to accept help even when it's from your closest friends.
If people are offering help, it's because they want to and you have to let them do it. It just makes life so much easier. You just have to put your pride aside.
When you are playing 'Survivor', getting a shelter up immediately is the most important thing.
On my season of 'Survivor,' the tribes were split: a tribe of men versus a tribe of women. Even though the women kicked the men's butts at the first two challenges, we were a hot mess at camp.
Twine from trees and plants can make good floss!
Johnny 'Fairplay' Dalton manufactured a lie about his dear grandmother dying in order to win a challenge. This is one of the best villain moments of 'Survivor' ever! This lie was pre-planned, evil, and perfectly played out.
For those few of you who never heard of 'The Secret,' it's a worldwide best selling book touting the benefits of positive and affirmative thinking, and sending good energy out into the world.
I come from a family of Catholic Italians, and that will always be in my blood.
Hey, if something is making you feel good, and it's not hurting anyone else, does it really matter if others believe?
I spent 39 days in the Amazon, and I could not even find a fish to catch.
I'm an only child.
I realize more and more I miss my 'Survivor' friends when I'm not around them.
You forge different bonds with friends than with family, tell different secrets.
Since my mother passed away, my father and I forged a bond that is so tighter than one could possibly imagine. Keep in mind, I am an only child, so I was always fiercely close with both my parents. The tragedy my father and I endured when my mother passed created a bond between us that no amount of force can break.
My father is undoubtedly one of the nicest, kindest, smartest, and warm-hearted people I know. He is truly a light that shines on this earth, and to know him is to love him. He is also the eternal optimist.
Sand is one of the best exfoliates out there! Take a handful of sand and rub it on your skin in small circles. When you're done, wash it off and presto... you get spa like skin, without the price tag.
Why are cancer patients so hard to buy for? This question always puzzles me. When people are healthy, things are so simple, including gift buying. A jaunt to the local mall or a day in front of the TV watching QVC can be just enough for all the loved ones on your list.
Every time I am stuck in traffic, stub my toe, get a middle seat on the flight, I just remember how all of this is just a blip in the radar of my life.
Cancer doesn't care if you have suffered before.
My family always makes a huge deal out of Christmas.
I am always floating around trying to tend to everyone and be free while at the same time enjoying some space.
I realized not long ago that by the time I leave this Earth, no matter when it is I will have officially only spent approximately 14 years of my life where I did not have to deal with cancer.
My mother battled cancer for 12 years before losing her fight.
I got a lot of criticism for going back on 'Survivor' to play 'Survivor: All Stars.'
My mother did not want cancer to interfere with my life, as she knew it would eventually end hers.
The truth is many people see a marriage vow as the only way people are going to stay with someone who is sick.
I have never been one to run when tragedy strikes.
