American,Actress
My father taught me you have to believe in yourself and run on your own track.
Skinny Cow ice cream and candy - like dancing - brings a little bit of fun to your day.
I hope that I'll be able to have kids with a mate. But I don't know if that's in the plan.
The idea that I can touch anybody's life in any way is perfect.
It's very hard to balance being there for somebody else and taking care of yourself.
I think relationships are really hard. Each one gives you lessons that you need.
I went to dance class as a girl because I didn't like sports, but I never did a dance recital in my life. Never, ever, ever. I felt comfortable dancing, and I was happiest dancing, but I was never the best person in the class.
Dance is the only thing that makes me feel good.
Chronic pain can be very lonely. It can have a shame-based quality.
I will always have pain. But I exercise as much as I can, and I find that makes a huge difference. And if my body does seize up, I have a pain plan in place. If it escalates, I go back to my doctor.
Practically everyone in Hollywood has a neighbor who's been famous, wants to be famous, is famous, has been married to someone famous, worked with someone famous, slept with someone famous, been blackmailed by someone famous.
I don't remember ever not knowing about acting.
I have a plate on my neck. I had my neck fused.
I've always been a defiant little animal - always very much my own person.
I was raised on Broadway because of my dad, but I never thought I had what it took to make it there, although I always wanted to.
I would love to work with my dad! We've never done anything live together. I'm always open to working with talented people, and I think my dad certainly qualifies.
I have sung, but I haven't sung in any way that I would ever call myself 'a singer.'
Ageing is inevitable, and the idea that we can be eternally youthful is the pitfall of our society.
When my body and face were perfect as far as youth, I wasn't happy.
If you try to hold on to something you don't have anymore, you can't be happy in the moment.
I wish anytime I went into a nice restaurant and asked for a table, they said, 'Well I'm sure you don't want one in the corner.'
I'll always be this once-famous actress nobody recognises because of a nose job.
I wasn't a dancer learning to play Baby Houseman. I was Baby Houseman learning to play a dancer. I was someone who'd never done any Latin dance. I'd taken jazz classes and ballet growing up in New York, so I had dance in me, and I knew I loved it, but I'd never done a dance audition.
I'd had a really bad car accident years ago, and basically, the ligaments in the back of my neck were ripped, and I'd never addressed that.
The cancer I had is not at all equal to other people's cancer. I've never had to have chemotherapy; I haven't had to have a mastectomy.
The only time I've ever danced every day was during 'Dancing with the Stars' and in the two-week rehearsal for 'Dirty Dancing,' and that was only to do a particular dance.
