American,Celebrity
A lot of my colleagues at school became great friends of mine.
I'm a perfectionist - I could rewrite forever.
I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions.
I hope to focus on what I'm passionate about because I think I'd do them best job on them - education, urban education, women and children's issues and literacy.
Luckily I've had a lot of great friends that I've had for a long time.
I hope that I serve by being a teacher.
One day I would love to have a couple children.
I'm not the perfect bride after all.
It's not like he called me up and asked me. They've never wanted to throw us into that world, and I think our decision probably shocked them. But I love my dad, and I think I'd regret it if I didn't do this.
People ask me if I ever see my father and I say yes, because he puts in the effort. He calls all the time to tell us he's proud of us.
I'm just not political. I have opinions, but there's nothing about the process that has ever interested me. I'm 22, and this is the first interview I've ever done in my life.
Our parents have always encouraged us to be independent and dream big.
I think I know a lot about campaigns.
When you grow up as the daughters of George and Laura Bush, you develop a special appreciation for how blessed we are to live in this great country.
I'm pretty normal.
I think there are many ways to serve your country.
I think I've become more like my mom just because of what we're both interested in, children and teaching and writing.
I didn't go to Latin America thinking, 'I'm gonna write a book. This is what I'm gonna do.' I went there to work for UNICEF and to learn.
I had always loved to write and my mom was my editor for my school papers.
I was sports editor for my high school newspaper, but I think I shied away from journalism.
I don't think I'm portrayed in the media the way I really am - but then who is?
I was an English major.
I don't know about the world, but I know kids. And I feel like sometimes kids don't get involved because they think, what can I do? I'm just a kid. And really kids can do so much.
You have to give kids things they're interested in reading. That's what teachers do who are engaged in what their students want.
Kids are so dynamic; if you're tired and you walk into a roomful of kids, your energy is brought up to their level.
As a teacher you can see the difference in kids who have parents who were involved. That difference, by the time these kids get to the third grade, is drastic.
