American,Musician
When you're shopping you forget about eating!
Don't block your blessings. Don't let doubt stop you from getting where you want to be.
Going jogging makes me feel powerful and free - like Rocky!
I love being nurturing and caring because I love to see other people happy.
Chocolate is what I love. I have it every day.
You're not living if you don't go out and try things for yourself.
Dreams do come true. If anyone's proof of that, it's me.
I once had a crush on one of my teachers. I wrote him a love letter and stuck it in a bag in his office. I didn't write my name on it, but I'm sure he figured out it was me.
My mother was a very wise and strong person.
I always say, you never know how much your parents loved you until you have a child to love.
I try to do everything to say, 'OK, will my mother like this? Will she be pleased? Will she be proud of that? How do I know she's happy and she's smiling down at me from heaven?' And that's what I try to go by and walk by.
Traditional values are big in my life.
I'm really not sure what people think or expect me to be, but I am surprised when people say, 'You're not supposed to be like that... ' I'm not exactly sure what 'that' is, so I choose to take it as a compliment.
I don't believe in doing things just to do them.
My grandmother always taught me, 'If you don't have a home, family, and church, you don't have anything.'
I don't get a chance to be home much.
I want to be around for a long time, singing and making albums and movies.
Long before 'American Idol', people used to call me a diva. And I be like, 'Hold on, are you calling me something else on the sly? You gonna call me a diva, call me a good diva.'
I accept any challenge.
I used to sing in the church choir. People would say it was unusual for such a small girl to have such a big voice. They would say, 'She sounds like she's grown.'
Everything I see, I now see through a mother's eyes.
There is nothing I love more than my role as a mom.
What people need to know is that if you don't eat what you want, then you'll just continue to eat, because you're not fulfilled.
Food is meant to be used as fuel for our bodies. If you're using it for any other reasons, take a step back and ask yourself, 'What's up.'
Family makes a house a home.
All the ladies can feel sexy and have fun in my clothing and that makes me feel like I am offering something truly unique to the people who have been gracious enough to show me such love and support over the years.
My biggest thing is banana pudding, but it's the devil! So no one is allowed to bring it into my house. Because I can't control myself. So why put it in my domain?
I'm prouder of my weight loss than my Oscar!
I have a serious love for clothes, like no other.
When people said Africa would change me, I didn't understand what they meant. To see the poverty in the townships, for instance, is overwhelming. I found it heart-wrenching to see young children walking barefoot and hungry in the dirt. I'm the kind of person who wants to change the world right here and now, so I got frustrated.
When I'm acting I don't sing, and when I'm recording I'm not acting.
I'm just not a shoe girl.
'American Idol' has changed the face of television.
