American,Designer
I think one thing I've learned over the years is just that you're not going to ever please everyone, and the most important person to please is yourself.
There are so many serious things in the world; I just choose not to be one of them.
I know that my image and my clothing and my output are very colorful and can be arresting and startling in some respects. That is the nature of my work, but I am a simple farm boy, and I am very calm by nature.
When I design, I always pull from things that are significant to me. In my work, I search for happiness and then try to convey that joy in the clothes.
I'm a populist. I'm the people's designer... It's important that there are price points that allow people in who maybe don't have the ability to have higher-ticket items - but they can still have something very emblematic of the collection.
I'm an introverted extrovert. My job sets me apart, but I'm not hammy and don't need attention.
My story is the American Dream, a hundred percent.
When I had no place to live and I had no place to sleep - and I did sleep in the Metro - I held steadfast to the fact that I had a dream, a reason why I'm doing this... that it was bigger than this moment.
I'm never going to be inspired by some obscure film, which isn't to say I don't enjoy that sort of thing. I just want to share my work with everyone.
A lot of my collections are informed by nostalgia. I think that's because I loved clothes early on. I remember, at maybe age five, being concerned about what I wore, right down to the underwear.
Fashion should have a transgressive nature; it can make you feel like someone else, give you heightened emotion. It should bring you joy and uplift you.
Designers have a reputation for setting the tone for what people - and especially women - are supposed to wear. How long their skirts should be, things like that. I have a different philosophy: put something out there with humour; let people see that and come around to it on their own.
I'm not anti-intellectual, but primarily, I try to feel things. Emotions aren't always rational; it's not possible to put them into words.
I've met people with my prints tattooed on them, my face tattooed on them - I have that commitment and love.
I get love from fans in a big enough dosage that it acts as a shield, and I would not sacrifice that love in order to please the industry.
I have lots of muses, but one of my main girls is Cara Delevingne. She epitomises the way to wear my clothes. I love how she mixes up her style and the way she has so much fun. I simply adore her.
I think fashion takes itself way too seriously. It's just fashion, people. It's just clothes. It should be frivolous and fun. You're not meant to see it as church and pray to a blouse.
I feel my role is to push boundaries. I don't like things to be safe and sedentary. So controversy is the cross I have to bear.
I love MTV, and I love the VMAs. There's no award show like it. It really is the coolest award show, hands down.
Music and fashion combined make such a lethal weapon in my opinion.
I like to think of my work and the way people approach it in the same way people approach a Lichtenstein painting. You can write a one-hundred-page dissertation about why he used comics. Or it could be like, 'This is cute!'
I fell in love with L.A. To me, it is the most quintessentially American city.
I like the mix of something farmlike and something futuristic and artsy mixed together. It's kind of both my worlds.
I was Hillary in '08. I love Obama, but I was Hillary first, so I was happy to be back there with her again.
Posterity is something I'm a big fan of because that's how you leave your legacy. Not to sound pompous, but just to be truthful.
I was born dirt-poor with barely a stitch on my back, and no name or prestige attached to me, and no real clout or connections.
