American,Actor
I love extreme sports, I like snowboarding and motorcross and rollerblading and hockey.
A lot of people in my life are getting sick or potentially going to get sick from tobacco.
I used to be a hopeless romantic - I fell in love with everyone I went out with.
I don't need to hang out in a posse and try to act cool.
Most of my friends aren't actors - and not one of them is overly impressed with what I do.
I don't like characters that are left being jerks at the end of the movie.
I like for there to be a moral, for the character to have gotten something out of the experience.
Before the eighth grade, I probably went to seven or eight different schools.
If I am still doing what I'm doing and I still have respect in this town, haven't done anything completely and utterly stupid, then I'll be happy with myself.
Jason's got a family, so it's difficult for us to get together.
Growing up, my brother and I were begging for attention.
My brother is an excellent songwriter, and I play guitar and drums.
Right now music is more my outlet than acting, but I'm waiting for that one satisfying role.
I avoid crazy women.
I can't deal with high maintenance chicks.
I'll fly Away took place in the 50's and 60's in America's South, and there are a couple of scenes where me and my friends are supposed to be skinny dipping with these girls.
I don't really lift weights. It's kind of a vanity thing that I don't get into.
And my little sister died when she was 16.
If I died snowboarding, you could honestly tell everybody in the world that Jeremy London died happy.
It's like Scott Wolf, I never thought he looked like Tom Cruise until somebody said it and now that they've said it, I see it every time I look at him!
I didn't go to college, I went straight from high school to working on I'll Fly Away, I was very, very lucky.
I think it was when I realised I could talk anybody into doing just about anything I wanted them to.
They baffle me where they go with the storylines... we used to be a Golden Globe winning show.
What I'd really like to give a try is cricket, because I grew up playing American baseball.
I really got into the cricket and staying up late watching the World Cup.
You get to act for a living. You're fortunate. So act like it.
