American,Musician
Part of the healing process is sharing with other people who care.
I'm going to keep thinking about topping myself every time. I can say very confidently that Alice In Chains have done that on every record. It surprises me. I don't go in there expecting that, but I do go in there hoping for it.
Success has a lot to do with luck, but it also involves a lot of real hard work. The thing about success is you really can't gauge things by album sales.
I've never been a big soloist; I just put in what needs to be there. I'm more of a rhythm player who plays lead - or tries to play lead.
Every record that you do man, is sooo different in every way.
And when power ballads come back, we'll get big hair again.
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful.
Rehearsals and this band are two words that don't really go together, kinda like Military Intelligence.
To me not one thing is better than anything else, I'm completely proud of everything I've written and recorded.
That's always been a dream for me, to be able to collaborate and make music with the people that inspired you to make music.
One thing that you hope for when you want to be a musician is that you have that recognizable sound.
I've been a fan of Metallica and friends with those guys for a long time and that was just great - half Alice In Chains and half Metallica playing together.
I'm doing the best I can with what I got and that's all anybody in my band is doing.
In '98, I locked myself in my house, went out of my mind and wrote 25 songs. I rarely bathed during that period of writing, I sent out for food, I didn't really venture out of my house in three or four months. It was a hell of an experience.
Times change and you have to adapt.
I'm just thankful to have a tour and work something I can focus on.
Like everybody, I'm making up my life as I go along.
You feel different every day of your life. You just have to create your own space to survive, personally and professionally.
I can sing fine and I can play guitar fine, but put 'em together and it becomes a thoughtful effort.
Every record, you've got more experiences to draw on as a writer and a musician.
Bands don't last. Bands don't last forever - it's a rarity when they do.
Playing for someone else's crowd is always difficult for any band.
