American,Businessman
When I bought the team, I wasn't thinking about a new arena. But obviously I'm very proud of the contributions that the Bulls franchise has made to the community between Chicago Bulls Charities and the re-development of the West Side with the United Center being the catalyst.
I know I could have a better public image if I were less open, if I ducked more issues and didn't speak out. But it's not my nature.
I have to let the general manager do what makes the most sense, or I can't hold him accountable.
I do sincerely hope the Cubs win a World Series. After I die.
Sometimes you pay a premium to get what you want.
We completely support Commissioner Silver's decision today regarding Clippers owner Donald Sterling, and praise him for his prompt investigation and action.
The Commissioner was correct to ban Mr. Sterling from all official NBA business, to levy the stiffest allowable fine, and we will support his recommendation to press for Mr. Sterling to relinquish his ownership of the Los Angeles Clippers franchise.
Discrimination and prejudice of any kind have no place in sports or in our society.
I've said this over the years publicly - this is not a lucrative business. My goal every year is to break even with the White Sox.
When I look back, I did what I had to do for business and then fit family life into it.
I never believed in pushing my kids. My dad was very unhappy I wasn't going to be a doctor, but I couldn't stand to see the sight of blood. And I wanted to be a lawyer since I was in seventh or eighth grade.
When I gave up law to go into real estate, my mother said, 'How can you give up the law?' But she lived long enough to see the Bulls win all six championships. She would wear all six pendants at the same time. She could barely stand up.
I think every parent takes more pleasure in seeing their child succeed than seeing themselves succeed.
Losing is not fun. I know the fans don't like it, but they don't have to watch it every day. I have to watch it every day. I don't like watching bad teams.
I only had one player in my 33 years of sports that couldn't be traded. He wore No. 23 - and 45 when he played baseball.
Don't write us off. Nobody thought we'd win the World Series in 2005, but we did. There are years when we think we're great, and we're bad. I mean, the funny thing about this game is that you can't figure it out.
It is a very humbling honor to be selected as a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame.
Making the Hall of Fame has long been considered the top individual honor that one can achieve in any sport, but for me, I feel it is a culmination of all the input and effort afforded me from so many other people over the years that put me in this position today.
If we kept all the players I liked personally, we'd be a lot worse team over the years.
I operated a business where I let someone steal three-quarters of a million dollars.
I am constantly the butt of jokes.
We can't make a decision based on PR value. We have to do what we think is right.
I don't see any baseball expansion right now. If it were up to me, I would contract two teams. But I certainly don't think expansion on the horizon.
O'Malley wanted to move the Dodgers out of Brooklyn because he saw the promised land. He was right about that, but to this day I think he was wrong to take the Dodgers out of Brooklyn.
The team was supported by the fans, and the city was committed to a new building. But that wasn't good enough for Walter O'Malley. He had a better deal, and he passed up a good deal for a better one. I don't think that was right, because ownership of a ballclub is at least a semi-public trust.
Chicago seems to follow New York, and coming from New York and being in real estate, I worry about things happening in Chicago that have happened in New York. I've seen a great city like New York go downhill. It has a wonderful financial downtown, but the rest of the city is not very nice.
There must be free and open interdepartmental discussion and consideration of everyone's ideas and opinions. These internal discussions must not be considered an invasion of turf, and must remain private... When everyone is on the same page, trust develops, and teams can grow and succeed together.
I admire honesty more than any other trait.
Everyone loved my father. He was so nice that people took advantage of him. We were lower middle class. I slept in the hallway on a cot that rolled away during the day, and my younger brother and sister slept in my parents' room. My goal as a kid was to someday have my own room and to own a car - and I wanted to be able to take care of my parents.
I coasted through high school. I was 203rd in a class of 987.
I have tremendous confidence in John Paxson.
I've enjoyed being a baseball owner more because I've enjoyed owners being allowed to participate.
When I think about how I grew up sleeping on a cot in the hallway in a one-bedroom apartment in Flatbush, it's been a great life. I can't complain.
