American,Comedian
We want to do a lot of stuff; we're not in great shape. We didn't get a good night's sleep. We're a little depressed. Coffee solves all these problems in one delightful little cup.
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
Marriage is like a game of chess except the board is flowing water, the pieces are made of smoke and no move you make will have any effect on the outcome.
To me, if life boils down to one thing, it's movement. To live is to keep moving.
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it.
You have to motivate yourself with challenges. That's how you know you're still alive.
Make no mistake about why these babies are here - they are here to replace us.
A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason.
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.
Forty to 60 I would say is your prime. That's when you know the most, you've seen the most, you understand the most, and you still have some physical energy.
Once you start doing only what you've already proven you can do, you're on the road to death.
My theory is 98 percent of all human endeavor is killing time.
Pay attention, don't let life go by you. Fall in love with the back of your cereal box.
Being a good husband is like being a good stand-up comic - you need ten years before you can even call yourself a beginner.
If you're a surfer, you just want to surf. You don't know if anyone's going to see you, and you don't really care if they see you. You just live for that feeling.
The Four Levels of Comedy: Make your friends laugh, Make strangers laugh, Get paid to make strangers laugh, and Make people talk like you because it's so much fun.
Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains, a pretty violent image there. I think if you've got a T-shirt with a bloodstain all over it, maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem. Maybe you should get rid of the body before you do the wash.
The IRS! They're like the Mafia, they can take anything they want!
That's the true spirit of Christmas; people being helped by people other than me.
Being a stand-up is my mission in life; it's my passion. My ongoing goal is to simply be funny, on my own, in front of a roomful of strangers.
Where lipstick is concerned, the important thing is not color, but to accept God's final word on where your lips end.
There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know. Women do. Women want to learn. Men think, 'I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked.'
People who read the tabloids deserve to be lied to.
My parents didn't want to move to Florida, but they turned sixty and that's the law.
As a comedian, I found this thing, this profession, that suits my mind and life force. To drop it to do something else? I just don't get that.
I prefer the old theaters because the audience is... trapped.
Stand-up is hard.
The first real thought that I had of something that I might do was to write for car magazines, because I always had a car thing.
I like definitive things.
The Beatles created something that never trailed off. What a gift that was to their fans. If you're into the Beatles, you loved them from beginning to end.
Taking in a baseball game on TV is also a big treat.
The greatest thing about being a comedian is knowing other comedians. And you get to talk to them. Its the most fun.
Well, all comedy starts with anger. You get angry, and its never for a good reason, right? You know its not a good reason. And then you try and work it from there.
I love being a dad. I just love it.
We sold 'Seinfeld' all over the world but it was a very specific kind of show. In some countries it went down really well, in others they hated it.
Men like a ref decision because they just want to get back to the game.
I'll tell you one thing, since I'm married, single people look absolutely ridiculous to me.
Well, Howard Stern has been doing his impression of me for years. It doesn't really bother me.
I can walk through a hotel lobby and watch people at the desk and see what they're doing. People don't look at me. They don't even know I'm there.
When I jumped off a roof in Cannes in a bee costume, I looked ridiculous. But this is my business; I have to humiliate myself.
Nobody enjoys the 'little show about nothing' humor more than me, but that is never the way I look at it.
When I was a comic in the 1980s, I was on the road somewhere every day, and I'd get back to the hotel, and it was Carson and Letterman, and I looked forward to that all day.
To a guy like me, a laugh is full of information.
A lot of times, you could play me just the laughs from my set, and I could tell you, from the laugh, what the joke was. Because they match.
There's different kinds of laughs. It's like a baseball lineup: this guy's your power hitter, this guy gets on base, this guy works out walks. If everybody does their job, we're gonna win.
You don't even really need a place. But you feel like you're doing something. That is what coffee is. And that is one of the geniuses of the new coffee culture.
I do a little thing about the way people shake the sweetener packet. You know, like they're all excited. I want to get all the granules down to one end. I love all these rituals.
A lot of advertising has gotten worse. I think it's kind of lost its nerve, to be honest with you. I feel like the advertising of the '60s, they were nervier. You know why? Because there was less at stake.
Stand-up is hard. Or to keep it at a certain level is hard: I have no writers but me.
I do probably 60 concerts a year in the States. And I go out to clubs in the week. I'm doing new stuff all the time.
Forty is when you actually begin even deserving to be on stage telling people what you think.
Funny is the world I live in. You're funny, I'm interested. You're not funny, I'm not interested.
If you get something right, you really feel it, right in your chest, on stage. I think it's an incomparable experience.
It takes up enough of my time and interest just working on comedy. I just enjoy it and love doing it.
You want to do good things, and once you've done a couple of good things in a row, you think 'Well gee, let's not mess this up.' But I am lucky at this point that I have something I really love to do, and it completely holds my attention. I never feel frustrated by it.
There are very few people who really appreciate my shows. People come to the show and they pay and they enjoy it, but I don't really think most people really understand what they've seen.
For me, it's a purity thing about the joke itself. It's a test of a joke whether or not you do it completely clean and it works. If it does, then that's a legitimate item you have there. For me, it's nothing to do with finding those words offensive. It's just not what I'm in search of. Do it clean, and you are really earning that laugh.
The Internet offers opportunities that are more unique than ever before. With TV, I know I'm making 22 minutes; I know there's a commercial in the middle. With the Internet, no one knows anything. No rules.
I kind of thought that stand-up comedy would suffer from the Internet because people seem to know more about the craft of stand-up than ever before. I thought it would seem trite. Kind of like if you know more about magicians, you wouldn't love them.
You spend so much time in the world of virtual that the actual - which nothing is more actual than stand-up - it's a painful experience for the audience, and the comedian a lot of time - we miss that.
