American,Novelist
Actually 'Soon' has more than the Left Behind series, but I really believe less is more.
When I was a junior camp counselor and it was my job to tell the campers a bedtime story or devotional, I would tell them a rapture story.
Writers write. Dreamers talk about it.
In my opinion, Jesus is God's attempt to reach man. But while I believe Jesus is the way to God, it makes no sense to hate people who disagree.
Broken relationships are a source of heavy heartbreak that seem to affect every family.
As for dialogue, I think it keeps things moving to cut to the chase.
Books that do a tenth of what Left Behind has done are smashing successes.
Fiction has a unique role in conveying Truth. In fact, only fiction that is Truth with a capital T is worthwhile.
Funny, I don't feel any more powerful today than yesterday.
Gil Thorpe is a great diversion and is to book writing as poetry is to prose.
Good fiction must be entertaining, but what makes fiction special - and True - is that the realness of a novel allows it to carry a larger message.
He just kind of talks them through, and then I get the fun part cause I get to make up the stories.
I don't see success as the goal. Obedience is the goal.
I fear it's because religion is man's attempt to reach God, and when he feels he has succeeded, he cannot abide anyone else's claim to have done the same.
I love inventing worlds and characters and settings and scenarios.
I put off writing the first Left Behind book for a year because I got invited to assist Billy Graham in his memoirs, and had we known what we were putting off for a year, we might not have put it off.
I was raised as a Christian but the transaction has to be made by yourself - you and God - at some point.
I was raised in a Christian home and, in fact, my mother led me to Christ as a youngster.
I've written enough books with real celebrities, such as Walter Payton and Hank Aaron and Billy Graham, to know that fame looks good only to people who don't have it.
In the prequel we're going to tell about the characters before Left Behind, and the book would end with the rapture instead of start with the rapture like the first one did.
Ironically, in today's marketplace successful nonfiction has to be unbelievable, while successful fiction must be believable.
It's made me more expectant of the imminent return of Jesus, and also more sensitive to the people around me. Knowing Jesus will return soon makes me want all the more to tell people about him and all that he offers.
Left Behind takes what to some people may be unbelievable predictions from the Bible and shows how they might play out. It makes the events of biblical prophecy understandable and thus believable.
My dream remains to inform and entertain through fiction in the form of novels and movies that compete in the marketplace of ideas.
Of course, bad marriages are so pervasive that they have invaded the faith community too.
People are scared to death and they're looking for something beyond themselves.
