American,Businessman
You look at anything I've been a part of, it's when the laboring, the fatigue, when some of those things happen, that's what shows what you're going to be.
Have we gotten too full of ourselves? Possibly.
It wouldn't be the worst thing in the world if we didn't have a salary cap.
This quarterback Weeden can drive the ball down field. He's a thing of beauty on throwing a football. His passing motion and his arm, frankly, you won't see a more gifted passer, power, accuracy, the entire aspect of it.
I've tried to get cute - and I don't mind saying tried to be cute - at the quarterback spot.
The stat is the score. And when you don't win that score, nothing good happens.
I paid more for the Dallas Cowboys than anyone prior than that had ever paid to get involved in sports. But I wanted to be a part of the future of the Dallas Cowboys.
I personally think that the visibility that the Cowboys have, the kind of interest we have, is best served and best used by showing people that are contrite, know the mistakes they've made, and want to try to go in a different direction.
I lost my tolerance for a lot of things I probably should have tolerated.
Nobody is thinking they're going to come out here and put a team here and become a multimillionaire. I don't know anybody that comes into the NFL like that.
But if you look at teams that want to share more revenues, they're teams that don't have a lot on the table. They've long since not had any serious investment in their team.
I promise you that during my life, I was more concerned about not letting people down, about doing my part, than I was ever into what it did for me.
Stats are for losers. They relish in them.
Sports gives us the grandest opportunity of all to talk about reaching down and helping up or getting on somebody else's shoulders.
If we had picked Manziel, he'd guarantee our relevance for 10 years.
When I look back on my life, I overpaid for my big successes every time. And when I tried to get a bargain, get it a little cheaper or get a better deal on it, I ended up usually either getting it and not happy I got it. Or missing it.
I've never wanted anything as much as I want to win the next Super Bowl.
I am a monkey fan.
The only way to break out is to gamble - take a chance with that first pick if you wanna dramatically improve your team.
Personally, it was hard to see Emmitt in red.
We feel good about our running backs as we have them right now, and we will continue to see how they progress.
For me, I think that, certainly, the fact that Las Vegas has a gambling aspect to it is far overshadowed by the entertainment value, if you will, family appeal, that you have, the convention appeal. So it does not have disfavor with me, in my opinion, relative to being an NFL city.
You wouldn't want to see the size of the check that I would write if it would for sure get the Dallas Cowboys a Super Bowl.
It's free of hip dialing. You can have some pretty confidential conversations and not get overheard by the camera man by talking into this flip phone.
I can tell you, I grew up with great coaching, and it had nothing to do with sports. I had great parents. I really got some great input from there. They were entrepreneurial, middle-class business people.
Only 7 percent of NFL fans have ever been inside an NFL stadium.
