American,Clergyman
We will see a breakdown of the family and family values if we decide to approve same-sex marriage, and if we decide to establish homosexuality as an acceptable alternative lifestyle with all the benefits that go with equating it with the heterosexual lifestyle.
Temptation has been here ever since the Garden of Eden.
I work 6:00 a.m. to midnight, seven days a week.
Christians, like slaves and soldiers, ask no questions.
If I were president of the United States, I would include Moslems in my presidency.
God created the family to provide the maximum love and support and morality and example that one can imagine.
Any sex outside of the marriage bond between a man and a woman is violating God's law.
I do not believe we can blame genetics for adultery, homosexuality, dishonesty and other character flaws.
AIDS is not just God's punishment for homosexuals; it is God's punishment for the society that tolerates homosexuals.
The idea that religion and politics don't mix was invented by the Devil to keep Christians from running their own country.
And, these Islamic fundamentalists, these radical terrorists, these Middle Eastern monsters are committed to destroying the Jewish nation, driving her into the Mediterranean, conquering the world.
I believe that global warming is a myth. And so, therefore, I have no conscience problems at all and I'm going to buy a Suburban next time.
The whole global warming thing is created to destroy America's free enterprise system and our economic stability.
When you have a godly husband, a godly wife, children who respect their parents and who are loved by their parents, who provide for those children their physical and spiritual and material needs, lovingly, you have the ideal unit.
I truly cannot imagine men with men, women with women, doing what they were not physically created to do, without abnormal stress and misbehavior.
Textbooks are Soviet propaganda.
The First Amendment is not without limits.
I don't think religious groups should be allowed to apply for federal funds to start new ministries they have not been doing before the funding was available.
I think the Moslem faith teaches hate.
I don't think I know a Scientologist except when I see one or two of their actors on the Hollywood screen.
I am such a strong admirer and supporter of George W. Bush that if he suggested eliminating the income tax or doubling it, I would vote yes on first blush.
I believe that all of us are born heterosexual, physically created with a plumbing that's heterosexual, and created with the instincts and desires that are basically, fundamentally, heterosexual.
But I don't believe anyone begins a homosexual.
I believe with all my heart that the Bible is the infallible word of God.
God himself preserved the Bible, and brought it down through the ages.
If I were doing something that the Bible condemns, I have two choices. I can straighten up my act, or I can somehow distort and twist and change the meaning of the Bible.
