American,Model
I have good and bad days like everyone else. I just try to be positive and surround myself with great people. When I think about all the great things and people I have had in my life, that gives me confidence.
Modelling, it's being an artist as well. It's just being a silent artist. It takes a lot of self-control and a lot of discipline.
When you really see how much God loves you, there's no greater love than that, and I had to match that amount of love He had for me, which is the reason why I decided to take a vow of celibacy.
I'm keeping my power to myself and my glow. I'm not giving anybody my glow anymore.
There's so many misconceptions about me and my personality. People think I'm not a nice person, you know, or maybe a diva; not just about me, but the misconceptions of other models as well, or supermodels.
I've always done method acting. I'm a method actor, and I've done that for years. I never did acting and decided to take it seriously because all the parts people want me to do were playing the pretty role. If I want to play someone pretty, I'll play myself.
I don't attack innocent people.
Men mess up. Women create this big illusion in their head that the man they're going to be with is going to be perfect. Nobody's going to be perfect, and people are going to let you down. The only thing that you can hope for is someone that's going to be honest with you.
I moved back to Buffalo in 2009, and I had this moment where I wanted to have the best of both worlds. I wanted to be able to be in church and cook at home but then still get on a plane and fly back to New York and be this supermodel.
There's a part in a woman's soul, God has given it to every woman, and it's the part where you know whether he's telling the truth or not. Women see red flags.
I don't have anyone around me that's not spiritual.
I felt like if I wasn't sharing myself physically, I would actually get a chance to see the downfalls of my partner. I would be able to minimize my intake of being disappointed.
I truly am living out what true joy and happiness means.
Fashion is constantly changing from decade to decade, but I don't see a change in how many black faces I see on the runway, and it's something we should talk about because it's a problem.
I don't want my daughters to grow up the way that I grew up. I want them to actually see Mommy in a fulfilled relationship that's amazing for her.
I'm a lot more creative than people can imagine.
I'm a poet first and foremost, before the modelling.
I have male friends. I'm the type of girl that always had male friends, more male friends than female friends. So just because you see me with the person doesn't mean that I'm kicking it with them, hanging out with them, or we're romantically involved in any way, shape or form.
The only way you can get to know each other is by hanging out.
I'm such a robot when it comes to work.
I'd like to give people the hope and help I didn't have and that I had to learn by myself.
My hair is my protection.
I eat fast food all the time.
A lot of people fall in love because you're sharing your body with someone. And sometimes you get it twisted, and you think that that's real love.
I don't feel safe around a lot of people.
I live in Manhattan but travel all around the world; I moved to Paris when I was 16; I lived in London twice. It's kind of like, if I want to move somewhere, I don't have anything holding me back. I don't have children. If I wanna live in a certain place, I'll go. But I've lived everywhere, and I prefer New York to everything.
