American,Musician
I used to have hair so long, my nickname was Pocahontas.
I've been homeschooled since ninth grade.
I play volleyball on the beach. It's a great way to work out and have fun.
I love artists that just do what they do with so much passion and emotion.
Music has always been a huge part of my life.
I listen to music when I'm feeling down or just a certain way. I don't know what I'd do without it!
My friends are mostly familiar with music that plays on the mainstream radio.
During 'Idol,' I wasn't expecting anything. I just wanted to survive the competition, but my album and my music are a big part of who I am. Hopefully it translates well and I keep growing as an artist.
On 'Idol,' I understood that everyone wanted to hear my vocals, so I stuck with the ballads.
Before I was on 'Idol,' I just sat at home and played video games all day long. Now I get to travel and work towards my dream. It's the best feeling ever.
I personally love J.Lo because she's a fashion icon and I love her music.
I grew up singing ballads, but what I really wanted to get into was the mainstream music on the radio because I really love the beats and everything.
On 'Idol,' you have to show off your vocal abilities, so I stuck to the ballads, so I'm glad my first single is 'Tonight' so I can show off my fun, young side, and what I want to do as an artist.
I grew up always wanting to be a part of 'Idol,' and I never thought I would make it as far as I did. I was really lucky, and it's given me the opportunities that I have now.
I'm playing a powerhouse singer who is big competition, but she's also really down to earth and sweet. But the whole sweet thing goes away when she's in competition mode. I love the show, so I'm very excited to be a part of it. I'm going to kill it on 'Glee!'
I've been in the 'Idol' bubble, and now it's popped, and I don't know what's going to happen.
I wanna be more like the Rihanna kind of, Beyonce kind of thing, but I don't want to compare myself to anybody, because I wanna be somebody new, too.
'Idol' was more of a competition, and that was more of a platform that I wanted to get a hold of and get on top of. And I finally got that opportunity, and now it's more like, I just gotta show and prove myself to everybody that I'm not just the 'balladeer.'
I always make a wish at 11:11, even if it's something cheesy.
I don't speak Filipino or Spanish, but I've sung in both.
I was born in America, but I consider myself a Filipino.
