American,Actress
The natural state of motherhood is unselfishness. When you become a mother, you are no longer the center of your own universe. You relinquish that position to your children.
I regret those times when I've chosen the dark side. I've wasted enough time not being happy.
Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons.
I've never been a sunny personality. I've never been outgoing. I'm a solitary person.
I like playing characters who are out there on the edge, where they can explode at any moment or fall off the precipice.
This idea of selfishness as a virtue, as opposed to generosity: That, to me, is unnatural.
I've got nothing left to lose at this point. The work I've done is out there.
There are no explanations, there are no answers.
There's something magical still about it when I get in a darkroom, and you've shot a roll of film and you develop it and you look at your negatives, and there's, like, imagery there. That always stuns me.
I had never done Shakespeare before, but I don't think you can be an actor and not do it. There were moments when I thought, I'm just not going to be able to pull this off.
I have been a waitress, and I was a damn fine waitress too, let me tell you.
For me, acting was always a way to explore emotions - to dip into the well and really try to reach rock bottom down there. That was the most exciting part of it. I hadn't found anything that really allowed me to do that until I came upon acting.
To work on the actual location I think is great. This thing of going to Canada and pretending you're in New York, it's terrible.
What I love about photography, and it's the same thing I love about acting, really, is that it forces you, like, right into the moment, where you can't be distracted, where you can't be, like, thinking about other things or ahead of yourself or behind yourself.
Photography was a blessing because it filled my time. If I had to start over, I'd pursue photography - probably to the exclusion of acting.
Allow the diversity to exist. There is nothing wrong with it. Hell, we put up with the religious right-we can put up with transgendered human beings.
At a certain age, death becomes familiar to you-or a loss becomes familiar-the tragedies that are more commonplace in life.
All through life I've harbored anger rather than expressed it at the moment.
To my mind the election was stolen by George Bush and we have been suffering ever since under this man's leadership.
Because Shakespeare's language is so expansive, we're under this misconception that it's difficult. But I discovered that it's easy because it's so brilliantly written. The words are perfect, and the language is intelligent and very emotional.
Families survive, one way or another. You have a tie, a connection that exists long after death, through many lifetimes.
For me, nothing has ever taken precedence over being a mother and having a family and a home.
I am tortured when I am away from my family, from my children. I am horribly guilt-ridden.
I love being a mother. I loved being a daughter, a sister, a wife. I love being a woman with men. I love having given birth.
I never felt like I belonged in Minnesota when I was growing up there. That's why I was out the door as soon as I turned 18.
I worked on my voice for Sweet Dreams, but only to match my speaking voice to Patsy's actual singing voice. That was my way into that character.
I never shot on sets, but if I was traveling somewhere or on location, I would always have my camera, and I'd always be - it's that kind of fly on the wall approach to photography, though. I don't engage the subject. I like to sneak around, skulk about in the dark.
If you're really in the process of photographing, you are absolutely aware. You are looking.
I do love acting. But to work as a photojournalist would have been extraordinary.
So much of my sense of who I am is tied to mothering. When they left home, I fell into a huge, empty, black hole. Your children are grown and your career has slowed down - all the stuff that took up so much attention is gone, and you're left with expansive time and space.
