American,Actress
I can't even open my eyes underwater.
I don't want to be in my car all day. I love getting up in the morning in Venice and walking my dogs down to the cafe to get my tea, and then perhaps going to a bookstore and sitting and reading, then walking to the beach.
I'm very sensitive in real life. I cannot not cry if someone around me is crying. I will start to cry if someone is crying, even if it's not appropriate. I have that thing in me, a weakness or sensitivity.
I was excited that my films would finally see the light of day and people would see them. But I never imagined that such nice things would be said about a lot of my films.
There is this immediate connection, this intimacy when you're acting because there's no room to be polite or shy. Also, as an actor I get to connect with women I've never met before.
I have a feeling that very soon I'm going to fail very, very big. I'm going to try something and everybody's going to be like, 'What was she thinking?'
I love being around great actors and film-makers, and I try to hide the fact that I'm in awe of them.
I love fall because I love the whole cuddling aspect of it, and a sweater dress has that vibe of I'm going to hunker down and be warm, but it's also very feminine.
I have problems because I'm very expressive, and usually red lipstick gets on my teeth and face.
Broadway has always been a dream of mine.
I always say I am a realist, and my mom says, 'No, you just have anxiety.'
I'm the unknown everyone's already sick of.
Before, it was just about making the films - and now it's releasing them. Which is a steep learning curve.
People were confused by me, and at first I was auditioning a lot for the crazy characters or the victim, someone who'd been attacked. Which is great, because usually those are the best acting roles.
When I first moved to Los Angeles, I don't think anyone knew what to do with me.
I've actually been given a great gift. When I walk into an audition with a director, I'm carrying no baggage. They haven't seen me in anything, even though I've done nine films.
Whatever anyone says, I think the opposite will happen.
When something happens, I always check myself and know it's going to go away. So be prepared for it. This is a tough business for actors who are sensitive. If you try to hold on to things, you'll go crazy.
I'm inspired by people who are so sensitive and vulnerable that they try to cover it up.
You know, it's recently come into focus for me why I want to be an actor: It's because of the connection I feel to people.
Okay, I'm going to let you in on a little secret: I'm a very superstitious person. I'm walking onto the plane as we speak. I'm putting my hands on the outside of the plane and my feet are on the lip of the plane. I have to do it every time before I fly.
I think that with any emotion - fear, love, nervousness - if the actor's feeling it, then the audience feels it.
I try not to fake anything.
I'm the first person in my family to go to college.
I've had to learn how to say 'no' to offers.
I'm used to working really hard to get a role. I was always auditioning and talking my way into roles.
