American,Actor
'Friday Night Lights' was kind of like my college years because I did four seasons of that. It was my first series. It was the most time I had with one character, and kind of growing and evolving with the character over that long of a span of time, it just allows you to sort of learn in a completely different way that I had never experienced.
I'm open to all religions. Respecting Scientology is just like respecting any other religious view.
I grew up in a town outside of Waco, Texas, and we had 30 acres.
The reason you want to act is to continue to explore every different part of the human psyche.
I grew up half the time in a small town called Mart, Texas, and half the time in L.A., because I was acting. My high school was crazy about football.
I sing a little bit. I got a guitar for my 16th birthday.
In middle school, I played quarterback. I was at a tiny school, so you played offense and defense - I played linebacker, and in high school I stopped playing around my sophomore year because of my acting stuff.
I get a little freaked out when I'm around too many redheads. I only have about one or two red-haired friends, and when a bunch of us get together, I feel like there's going to be a fight that breaks out or something.
I was 3 and a half, and there was an open call for a Coca-Cola commercial. We were living around Dallas, and my mom took me. I think they were calling for 16-year-olds that could ride horses and swing a rope, and for whatever reason, my mom took me up there when I was 3. But I always had a rope, and I was a little cowboy at that age.
I didn't really start doing stuff until I was 8 or so, but I was an extra in a bunch of different movies, and I just really took to it and really enjoyed it. I kind of bugged my parents to give L.A. a shot, and they were just super-supportive.
I love playing guitar. I grew up with my dad playing. But acting is definitely the forefront, I guess I'd say, in terms of career and something that I really enjoy and feel lucky to be able to do.
I will say, I'm a great, great, great grandson of Stephen F. Austin. He founded Austin, Texas, which is kind of cool.
My focus is to grow, have fun, and work with people who inspire me, like Philip Seymour Hoffman.
It would drive me crazy if I picked roles with the goal of being a leading man. You never know what you're getting into when you sign onto a project, and more times than not, the characters that are close to the leading man are more interesting and more fun to play.
'Breaking Bad' is great at blurring the line between good and evil. It makes you feel compassion for Walter White so you're with him throughout this descent into the darker parts of his psyche. The bad that we're capable of is all circumstantial.
I grew up half the time in a small town called Mart, Texas, and half the time in L.A., because I was acting.
Usually, nerds on TV are completely stereotypical, like Urkel, or they're not really so nerdy.
'Grey's Anatomy,' that was a great show to be part of, but they work really long hours. They were all just really tired. Just worn out.
