American,Athlete
Obesity in children is growing out of control. A big part of this is economic. Fake foods are more affordable. It's enticing people to eat more because they think they're saving money when they're really just buying heart disease.
I've always believed fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier, healthier life. When your health is strong, you're capable of taking risks. You'll feel more confident to ask for the promotion. You'll have more energy to be a better mom. You'll feel more deserving of love.
Transformation in real life is extraordinarily incremental, and that's all I'm going to say.
Lazy doesn't exist. Lazy is a symptom of something else. The person who can't get up off their butt is just a person who's depressed. It's usually a pervasive lack of self-worth, or a feeling of helplessness.
You can look for external sources of motivation and that can catalyze a change, but it won't sustain one. It has to be from an internal desire.
If there's something I hate the most, it's feeling helpless, powerless.
People believe practice makes perfect, but it doesn't. If you're making a tremendous amount of mistakes, all you're doing is deeply ingraining the same mistakes.
Parenting is not for sissies. You have to sacrifice and grow up.
I was homophobic because I obviously didn't know that I was gay.
It's important in life to celebrate any victory in life.
I don't lock into one type of exercise.
Gay is not a choice.
When it comes to the chocolate, I allow it every single day, but I only get 200 calories worth. So I work it into my daily calories. It's a candy bar. But I usually only need it after dinner.
You need to cultivate your passion and crystallize your vision. If you don't know where you're going, how are you going to plan a road-map for how to get there?
There is really no room in any healthy diet for trans fat, artificial sweeteners, and artificial colors in food.
Everybody has haters.
I only eat healthy food, and I only want healthy love!
I have this intrinsic sense that everything will be okay.
It seems at times fate knocks on people's door, and they are too afraid to pursue it.
I had a second-degree-blue-belt test, and I broke two boards with my right foot, and the next day I walked into school, and no one ever picked on me again. I suddenly believed in myself and respected myself. I had some inkling of my power, so the bullying stopped instantly.
I find television to be a bit like a meat grinder. It's like, you have a cow, you put it through a meat grinder, and out comes a hot dog. It's almost unrecognizable.
Fake fat, fake colours, fake flavours, fake sweeteners: this is poison.
For years, I always thought it was hilarious that I was this fitness guru, because fitness was just a tool I utilized to help people improve their confidence. For me, it's never been about fitness. It's always been about helping to empower people.
I was an overweight kid, and my father struggled with his weight, too. We would go for a ride on his motorcycle on Sunday morning to get doughnuts, to make pizza together, or go get ice cream. I quickly learned that food equalled love and attention.
You can dramatically affect the expression of your metabolism and your biochemistry by the way you eat and the way you live.
I'm not sympathetic. I have zero sympathy. I understand about emotional eating, I understand how painful the process can be, but I also understand that change is possible.
People tend to think that metabolism is genetically predetermined. That you're either cursed or you're blessed. And that's not true.
In my experience, honesty is the best policy. And being a friend to somebody is not always the best way to help them.
My dad was a crazy person, but some of the best qualities about me came from him.
It's like, 'Oh, well of course you want gay marriage, you're gay.' I think when heterosexual people are talking to their peers and they're like, 'This is an equal rights thing,' it's a little bit easier.
If I was ashamed of who I am, I would be in the closet.
I was picked on as a kid. I had a nose the size of a softball plus braces and acne. It was rough.
Try not to say, 'I'm a failure.' Instead, ask, 'What can I do better? What did I do wrong?' Then re-approach.
My mom gave me enough self-worth to carry me through difficult experiences. She was very loving and accepting. She was like, 'Whelp, you're gay? OK, cool.'
Stop turning to fad diets and use common sense.
The fad diets are doing way more harm than good.
The key is to master a few simple ways to exercise that will burn the most calories in the least time. And you also need to figure out how can you eat more of the good stuff and less of the bad stuff without feeling deprived so your diet regimen feels manageable.
I was 175 pounds at 13 years old and 5 feet tall.
I'm done with 'Biggest Loser.'
I'm unbelievably superstitious.
Look several months ahead, see where the obstacles lie, and figure out ways to overcome them.
Allow yourself a few parties, but be mindful the rest of the time.
Put your choices in perspective.
People that know me know I'm very good about doing my own thing and minding my own business.
If you don't solicit me for help, I'll leave you alone.
There are millions of people who do want help. I'm not going to waste my time convincing people who aren't receptive.
When you think of 'Biggest Loser,' you think of it as a TV show. But people are coming to lose weight. I take that very seriously.
I love yoga, but the namaste thing only takes you so far.
Every now and again, you just gotta hit something. Not someone - something.
You can be predisposed genetically, but it's not a sentence. I'm genetically predisposed, but I manage my weight. The root of obesity, though, is usually emotional. The poor habits are a symptom of a deeper emotional issue.
If I'm looking at a client, I can say, 'Oh, wow, this is where you're weak; this is what you need to work on.' I can correct her in a matter of seconds, and then she's practicing specifically on the thing she needs to work on instead of repeating the same mistakes. Having that feedback is essential for beginners.
When you eat a piece of white bread, think of it as putting a tissue on a fire. But if you eat something that has wholegrains, whether it's a little bit of oatmeal, a little bit of protein, it's like putting a log on the fire.
Everyone is trying to make ends meet, and even if you aren't, no one wants to get ripped off.
I'm a capri pant girl.
I looked to my mom as an example. And this is what I try to tell so many women: that my mom had a career, and she went to the gym. She took care of herself.
I think that when moms just give themselves up, the kids know. They feel guilty; they resent their mother for making them feel guilty, and then they grow up and do the same thing. Whereas my mother showed me that it's okay to focus on yourself.
I could open up a little gym, and I would be blissfully happy.
I've wanted to be in daytime television for a long time, because that's where you can convey a message.
By the time I'm 40, the hope is that I'll be solidly in daytime television and producing the various other experts we've brought along the way.
When I go, I go hard.
Strong, not skinny, is now sexy, and long workouts are a thing of the past.
I train in different modalities so that each muscle is targeted twice a week, with two days of rest in between.
Whenever I've had a rough day, I like to pour my frustration into my workouts.
When you feel strong and you accomplish something physical that you didn't think you were capable of, your heart and mind open up to many possibilities that previously felt out of reach in other areas of your life.
I like to train the body from as many different angles as possible to use every modality available to do it.
The results I've seen with Bodyshred have been far superior to any program that I've ever created.
My partner loves gardening and beekeeping and chickens and all that stuff.
Gardening is not my thing. You're digging in the dirt, and then a couple of months later, something happens.
There's a confidence and sense of self that comes with age that I didn't anticipate.
I think that anything in life is about the middle ground.
I had my nose done when I was 16 years old, and I'll be honest: it did change my life.
Not to say you should let your physicality define you, but there are some things that can make people feel really insecure. So, if there is something you want to fix that allows you to feel a little bit more confident, I support it.
I really want to train Hillary Clinton.
Politics aside, you look at Barack Obama, he is ripped.
Oh, God, food is a constant struggle for me. With exercise, I get my workout done, and I'm done until tomorrow. With food, I eat, and then an hour later I'm hungry again!
Whenever you have a failure or setback, you need to take a step back and find out what you can learn from the scenario. What did you do to contribute to that failure? This way, you can make sure you don't repeat that pattern.
If you don't learn from why you're in the position you're in, you are doomed to repeat it. You need to bring meaning to every setback.
You have to learn how to listen to your emotions, letting your internal compass guide you. Your emotions let you know when you are on and off track.
Seeing my two kids together is a magical feeling.
Life? You can't manipulate it or bend it to your will. You have no choice but to roll with it.
I don't believe in eating throughout the day. I eat every four hours.
The adoption process was not an easy one. The paperwork took nine months. It's a full-time thing!
I was a gay kid who didn't know I was a gay kid, which was really challenging because you think there is something wrong with you until you understand what it is.
The irony is that I'm actually a very empathetic person, but I don't believe in sympathy at all.
There's still a tremendous amount of homophobia out there in the world, but it is what it is. I am who I am, and the people in my life are who they are, and they love us, hate us, for whatever reason. It is what it is.
I was an overweight kid, and I went through a period where, oh my God, they were making cow sounds at me when I walked down the hallway and just humiliating me. Kids can be mean.
I'm part Bridget Jones, part Larry David. I'm shy; I'm prude.
I supplement a lot. So I'll take a probiotic, and I mostly eat green food.
If you have the means, I would highly recommend using supplementations for optimal health.
There is a huge misconception that if you do something like hot yoga, you'll burn more calories, and the opposite is true. You want to heat your body from the inside out, not the outside in.
