American,Editor
You know, a dog can snap you out of any kind of bad mood that you're in faster than you can think of.
I admit that I am hopelessly hooked on the printed newspaper. I love turning the pages and the serendipity of stumbling across a piece of irresistible information or a photograph that I wasn't necessarily intending to read.
I have to pay attention to work on the weekends and always have my iPhone with me, but I don't mind.
I think that a great newspaper is one that puts a real premium on digging to get the story behind the story.
My advice on getting a raise is what everybody's advice is: to become a confident negotiator; but that is so hard. My admiration for women who are good at that is unbridled. Women in general have a harder time talking about money with their bosses.
The idea that women journalists bring a different taste in stories or sensibility isn't true.
I do see myself as someone who has a lot of story ideas.
I don't pretend I know everything.
Although I believe the Web has greatly increased the distribution of quality news, I do worry about those who don't have Internet access.
As a big user of public libraries, I deplore the cutbacks they have had to sustain.
The printed newspaper is a powerful showcase for news, opinion and advertising.
I've taught a college journalism course at two universities where my students taught me more than I did them about how political news is consumed.
Budget cuts are a sad reality in most newsrooms, and I am concerned that they reduce the collective muscle of journalists who are doing the expensive, and often dangerous, work of on-the-ground reporting.
I think about the question of perspective in reporting all the time, and since I spent 20 years of my career in Washington as both a reporter and an editor I'm keenly aware that a newspaper should not be dominated by stories in which the only voices and perspective come from those in power.
I like the immediacy of blogs and the democratizing effects of letting millions of voices bloom on the Web.
I don't keep up with Twitter all day long.
In one's relationship with dogs and with a newsroom, a generous amount of praise and encouragement goes much better than criticism.
People often assume New York City is no place to keep a dog. This is certainly what my parents told me when I was growing up there. But I have found this not to be the case at all.
With the fragmentation of television audiences and the advent of cable and on-demand services, the prestige of being an anchor is not what it was in the days of Walter Cronkite.
I think the Huffington Post has been inventive and presents what it aggregates well.
I'm a huge dog nut - giant, giant.
Nobody wants a unitary voice of authority any more.
I have an older sister who sounds, unfortunately, exactly like me, and we sound like our mother did.
Having small children and being an investigative reporter would seem like a difficult mix, but it worked well for me. I was often working on my own enterprise stories, which were not as deadline sensitive.
I am in awe of women who have full family lives and seem to work round the clock in the 24/7 news cycle.
As someone who has spent a lot of her career as an investigative reporter, I'll confess that a frustration of mine has always been that so much investigative journalism involves a dissection of events in the past.
