American,Businessman
I am doing my best to find it. I will find it before the public finds it. I will get out of it before it's too late. The reason I will do that is because that's what I'm paid to do.
I think that stocks have been this tremendous, tremendous equalizer for people in this country. Guys who can't make a lot of money at their jobs have been able to make a lot of money in the stock market.
The people who are buying stocks because they're going up and they don't know what they do deserve to lose money.
I think that there are changes that have occurred in technology that make is that more people can have the same level of information that I have. My advantage is that I'm very good at interpreting the information.
We are all wrong so often that it amazes me that we can have any conviction at all over the direction of things to come. But we must.
And, strangely, this one of the few things in life that the third, the latter, the buy with our eyes closed has actually done better than everybody else.
I don't think that's changed at all. I think there are a thousand stocks out there that could make you rich, totally independent of what you do for a living.
I have never for a minute felt in was my stock picking abilities. I feel that my stock picking abilities aided- I was able to pick out which are the good stocks in the good market, but I have been blessed with a great market.
I invest in funds myself even though I run my own fund for my daughters.
I made a small fortune. I made a lot of money and I made a lot of other people wealthy.
I mean I'm not smarter than the market, but I can recognize a good tape and a bad tape. I recognize when it's right and when it's wrong and that's what my strength is.
I mean it's the most objective industry in the world. If your numbers stink, you're out. If your numbers are good, you get more money. It's the most Darwinian, it's beautiful, it's brutal, it works.
I mean that what makes me a professional, but the market itself has been fabulous during this whole period and I've got to give the market credit before I give myself credit.
I think that I could have been take apart if the bear market continued, but I waited three years before I felt the bear market was over and I was right.
I think that the public is in and the public is in big, and the public is not, I don't think going to pull out because the public knows what I said about 1987.
I think you'll do as well as most professionals. Most professionals don't beat the market. Let's not over-rate my industry. But if you have time, you can be in good mutual funds that have good records.
I want to buy them, because historically these have been great engines of enrichment for the middle class, 'historically' meaning now for a good ten years.
If you can't find the next McDonald's, I'll find the next McDonald's. But it's vital to be with people who with looking for 'em, because they do exist. They are created.
It's the company itself, but most of these mutual fund companies, the guy who runs the company is just a fact totem and the guy who runs the money is the power. But we really don't know who they are.
Microsoft was not a mysterious, strange entity. You put your PC on and there's an ad for them.
The corporate killer downsizing is directly responsive to what the mutual funds have wanted.
The danger that we have right now are people who get the same information as I do and, therefore, think they'll reach the same conclusions that haven't traded as long, don't have bear claws up and down their backs like I do.
The mutual fund industry provided the money for Intel and Motorola and Hewlett-Packard to crush the competitors.
The party line is that stocks historically have outperformed all other investment plans.
The way the credit cards were made in the '80s to be a people's form of capitalism and be able to make it so that you could get a loan that you would have been denied previous, now that's the way stocks are.
There are tons of people who are late to trends by nature and adopt a trend after it's no longer in fashion. They exist in mutual funds. They exist in clothes. They exist in cars. They exist in lifestyles.
