American,Businessman
I'm a big advocate of freedom: freedom of speech, freedom of expression, freedom of thought.
Imagine a world in which every single person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge. That's what we're doing.
We have to come together, worldwide, and 'think.' We have a tool - the internet - to let us do that. Let's use it wisely.
If it isn't on Google, it doesn't exist.
Things work well when a group of people know each other, and things break down when it's a bunch of random people interacting.
My view is that good community management is like having good municipal government: You should be able to have dissenting opinions and so on, freedom of speech, but your grandmother should also be able to walk down the street at night without having to worry about getting mugged.
We've seen how grassroots journalism by blogs has had an impact at various points politically, as ordinary people have amplified stories that were being ignored by the traditional press.
Massive numbers of people are going to come online from cultures we don't normally interact with.
People are not fundamentally bad. It only takes the smallest of correctives to take care of that tiny minority that wants to disrupt the community.
I'm very much an Enlightenment kind of guy.
If you see a blatant error or misconception about yourself, you really want to set it straight.
There's kind of this real social pressure to not argue about things.
Wikis and social networking are just tools.
Our growth rate continues to be staggering.
Love. It isn't very popular in technical circles to say a lot of mushy stuff about love, but frankly it's a very very important part of what holds our project together.
I have always viewed the mission of Wikipedia to be much bigger than just creating a killer website. We're doing that of course, and having a lot of fun doing it, but a big part of what motivates us is our larger mission to affect the world in a positive way.
I have always liked the idea of going to print because a big part of what we are about is to disseminate knowledge throughout the world and not just to people who have broadband.
My original concept was to provide a free encyclopedia for every single person in the world.
The goal is to give people a free encyclopedia to every person in the world, in their own language. Not just in a 'free beer' kind of way, but also in the free speech kind of way.
I think that reality exists and that it's knowable.
We don't need secrecy.
I'm not real good at the administrative part of running a company.
I can't do anything quietly anymore.
A lot of people who work on open-source software don't mind making money elsewhere. They aren't anticommercial.
People take issue with individual aspects of Wikipedia all the time. But it's kind of hard to hate the general idea of a free encyclopedia. It's like hating kittens.
To create and distribute a free encyclopedia of the highest possible quality to every single person on the planet in their own language - That's who I am. That's what I am doing. That's my life goal.
I worry about censorship in many parts of the world.
While I'm optimistic about the direction the world is headed, generally, I think there is a need for constant vigilance and pressure on repressive governments.
There's a big tendency to gravitate toward a closed and proprietary approach too easily.
One of the ways that Microsoft beat Apple way back in the day was that they were a lot more open; today, in the world I come from, the free software and open-source world, Microsoft is not generally viewed as open; they're viewed as proprietary.
A huge amount of what goes on in the Middle East has to do with people being fed really bad information.
If I had some information, the last thing I would ever do with it is send it to Wikileaks.
