American,Driver
How do you say no when a little kid is asking you for ice cream? I know I can't say no to it myself.
I've met a handful of presidents, from Jimmy Carter to Bill Clinton to George Bush to Barack Obama.
I didn't get into racing to make friends.
Driving will never be away from me - I can't just give it up. It's all I've ever done, and there's something about being in that car.
I've been very fortunate to dodge a nickname throughout my entire career. I've never had one.
I feel I'm entitled to my opinion, right or wrong.
Very few athletes have the chance to be brought into the White House.
I lived in Wisconsin for a while, so I keep my eyes on the Packers. I grew up in San Diego, so there's the Chargers, but outside of that, I'm really kind of lame because I don't have a specific team I pull for.
I really enjoy the football season.
The Daytona 500 is a career-winning race. It defines careers for drivers, crew members, crew chiefs and race teams. It has that power.
The competition in today's world of racing is so tough.
I lift weights four times a week, usually run five days a week.
I do find it amusing when somebody cuts me off, makes an aggressive move on me in a car. I'm like, 'Do you have any idea what I do for a living? Why?'
I don't need to break the speed limit. But if I'm not passing other vehicles on the interstate, I get a little irritated.
The thing I love about off-road racing is the pride in how abusive it is.
I've always looked for my affirmation through my peers, the people I race against, and within my team.
You watch guys live through their peaks, and then unfortunately, you've got to come down from that peak.
I grew up on two wheels in the dirt.
There is no other way to start the season than to win the Daytona 500.
I suck at golf and a variety of other things I go out and do with my friends.
I swam in high school.
Since I was kid, what's drawn me to racing is the feeling inside of me, the passion I have for the sport, the feeling I have while competing and doing what I do in a car, on a bike, whatever it's been.
NASCAR fans are very knowledgeable and very passionate.
My fans are always extremely loyal.
I've always wanted to get involved with designing a video game.
I own motorized bar stools.
