American,Athlete
I have a lot of stories to tell because I've been down a lot of roads people haven't been.
The thing I like about astronomy is being outside at night and seeing the stars in a dark sky. It makes you feel small.
Swinging a gold club is sort of a throwing action, and even as a kid, I could throw things far and fast.
I've always felt like I belonged, and you need affirmation every now and then.
It feels so good to win, you want to do it again and again.
You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out you can't see any stars living in the city. I studied some light-pollution maps, and knew I'd have to get out of San Antonio.
Sometimes hard work doesn't pay off.
To have a tournament right where you live is very cool.
I travel all over the country, all over the world, and I'm happy to call Texas home.
I'm not just Jimmy Walker the golfer. I have a lot of friends. I've got two little boys; I've got a great family. It's all stuff that's helped me become better.
There are guys you've never heard of who drive the ball better than anybody I've seen on the PGA Tour.
Today, at 35, I can throw a small football close to 80 yards - and straighter than I can hit a golf ball.
In Little League back in Oklahoma, I struck out 14 batters in a six-inning game, and we won the state championship.
I'm not going to say I know a ton about what I'm looking at, but I enjoy capturing the photos and the artistry of it. I'm getting better at it, and I'll keep getting better.
Winning a major, that's what everybody wants to do, and I worked my whole life to do it. And to realize that, it's incredible.
How does one gain confidence? It's just the repetitive nature of telling you how good you are. How good of a putter and chipper you are. How you've got this. You can beat the best players in the world. You've got all the talent. You just have to believe in yourself.
Sometimes things don't come easy, and golf isn't an easy game.
The confidence came along as I played well.
I love playing; I love playing good, and it's fun to be up around the top and having a chance.
Sometimes pars are hard.
Sometimes it's hard. I'm not going to lie. It's tough. You feel like you're killing yourself, and you're giving it all you've got, and you're just not seeing it.
I'm a good putter. Like good shooters, just keep shooting. I'm just going to keep putting, and they're going to start going in.
You still have to go perform; it doesn't matter what the tournament is.
The par putts sometimes are bigger than the birdie putts.
I felt very calm and controlled. That's what you've got to feel and do when it's time to win. It's easy to say, hard to do.
I could remember thinking when I met him, 'Wow, that's Andy Sanders from Houston. He's really good.' And he tells me he said, 'Wow, that's Jimmy Walker. He hits it really far.'
