American,Musician
Wrinkles will only go where the smiles have been.
Searching is half the fun: life is much more manageable when thought of as a scavenger hunt as opposed to a surprise party.
People who think too much before they act don't act too much.
Well, I'm still here. Didn't have to go to rehab, and I'm not broke.
Indecision may or may not be my problem.
Older and wiser voices can help you find the right path, if you are only willing to listen.
Is it ignorance or apathy? Hey, I don't know and I don't care.
It takes no more time to see the good side of life than it takes to see the bad.
I hate to mention age, but I come from an era when we weren't consumed by technology and television.
It's been wonderful for me, and I feel so privileged to have fans that are that loyal.
There's something missing in the music industry today... and it's music. Songs you hear don't last, it's just product fed to you by the industry.
If life gives you limes, make margaritas.
If I couldn't laugh I just would go insane, If we couldn't laugh we just would go insane, If we weren't all crazy we would go insane.
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.
I just want to live happily ever after, every now and then.
And I try to give the best bang for the buck. I love performing more than anything else.
Places I've lived since then had to have some kind of uniqueness and character about them. And logically Key West, and then Down Island. So, all of that stuff sort of had it's roots in New Orleans and went crazy.
Quitting doesn't enter my mind.
If we weren't all crazy, we'd just go insane.
I still consider it a summer job, though. So, I try to maintain that summer job as long as I can. But it's exciting to be able to have the opportunity to do things I always dreamed of as a kid.
I'm a big follower and reactor to weather.
If it doesn't work out there will never be any doubt that the pleasure was worth all the pain.
We are the people our parents warned us about.
Elvis was the only man from Northeast Mississippi who could shake his hips and still be loved by rednecks, cops, and hippies.
My mother insisted that her children read.
To describe my scarce leisure time in today's terms, I always default to reading.
