American,Author
We are all born with a unique genetic blueprint, which lays out the basic characteristics of our personality as well as our physical health and appearance... And yet, we all know that life experiences do change us.
For every path you choose, there is another you must abandon, usually forever.
What does immortality mean to me? That we all want more time; and we want it to be quality time.
Humans may be the only creatures on Earth who spend significant time thinking about the fact that someday their lives will end.
Everything born has to die, in order to make room for the future.
The contradictions are what make human behavior so maddening and yet so fascinating, all at the same time.
Each time, storytellers clothed the naked body of the myth in their own traditions, so that listeners could relate more easily to its deeper meaning.
Fear of the unknown is a terrible fear.
Probably I chose immortality because mortality is a universal human obsession.
Studying anthropology, I developed a kind of holistic view of human existence, in which the dichotomies you listed are all necessary and vital aspects of life.
There's no such thing as a free lunch, at least on the karmic level.
The futures and ultimate fates of the characters in The Snow Queen are profoundly changed by choices made in their own minds or hearts, as well as choices unexpectedly forced on them by things beyond their control.
I was thinking about what I wanted to write next, after my first novel, and had decided that I wanted to write a story with a lot of strong female characters in it.
Here was a fragment of Goddess myth that, through all its permutations, had somehow escaped being turned on its head. It was the perfect springboard for the sort of novel I wanted to write.
Besides, wouldn't it be wonderful if no one ever had to worry about the random cruelty of fatal illness or the woes of old age attacking them or their loved ones?
The ecosystem of our world is a closed system: it would run out of gas, collapse of its own weight.
The mers were also designed to reproduce only at long intervals, in order to maintain the natural balance of the environment in which they were placed.
Humans are upsetting a fragile balance that their own human ancestors established.
Moon is also a naive native girl when she sets out for Carbuncle.
I wanted to show those characters discovering it is possible to find common ground, as they make their way through a plotline that I hope is engrossing enough to keep the reader a willing participant.
What I do not want to write is didactic political tracts.
These days too many of us seem inclined to cover our ears, close our eyes, and blindly follow the most narrow, conservative tenets of religion; or else seek comfort in the ancient traditions of New Age ritual.
And so The Snow Queen also became a story about the need to seek equilibrium, in our own lives, with the natural world, even within the universe at large.
Beyond that, I seem to be compelled to write science fiction, rather than fantasy or mysteries or some other genre more likely to climb onto bestseller lists even though I enjoy reading a wide variety of literature, both fiction and nonfiction.
Throughout the ages, stories with certain basic themes have recurred over and over, in widely disparate cultures; emerging like the goddess Venus from the sea of our unconscious.
As for the historical inspirations I drew on in writing The Snow Queen, I suppose I would call them more cross-cultural inspirations, though they frequently involve past societies as well as present day ones.
