American,Model
No matter what shape or size you are, you should feel confident in your own skin. You should feel like a beautiful woman, no matter what!
I think that's the most beautiful thing about being confident - just loving yourself, not caring what everybody else thinks. Because you could be Mother Theresa, and people are still going to try to find some imperfection.
No one is the same, and we all have different life experiences. It's not my place to judge them or for them to judge me. We should all be accountable for our own lives.
I am even thankful for the negative things that have made me a stronger and better person.
Everything that you do in this entertainment business, you build a fan base.
Our society is used to judging content by its package and label.
Just taking care of yourself is a job of its own.
Helping others is the key duty for everyone on this earth who is remotely capable to do so.
I am a really humble person.
Sexiness has its different roles.
I could never be with a married man. I just can't. I could never imagine myself being the mistress of somebody.
People think we just wake up looking perfect, but it's all about the hair and the make-up, staying in shape, and eating healthily.
One of my best friends had a tough time getting pregnant, and her situation had me really thinking about freezing my eggs.
I'm very proud of my body; I work really hard to try to stay in shape and eat healthily. I'm super proud of it, and I believe that if you have it, you flaunt it!
I can't stand cocky, rude people.
I'm not afraid of needles.
I had kids make fun of me because not only was I blonde but also Polish.
I was bullied in school, but thankfully, I was surrounded by amazing family that love me and kept my head high and didn't allow me to fall into depression because of it.
I don't want to sacrifice my life, as I feel that I'm still very selfish and still want to pursue my dreams.
I don't work my butt off at the gym in order to walk around covered from head to toe. Plus, my husband loves it when I dress sexy.
It's all about Jesus.
Why do a reality show if you're going to be fake?
I like to speak my mind.
I thank my mom... I thank God for my mom every day because I think if it wasn't for her, who knows?
I'm very confident with myself and, like, yeah, everyone has little issues about themselves, but I don't, you know... I don't really worry about it.
I'm not a big worrier because I just think stress is just not a good thing... it's just like, what's the point?
The voiceless and most defenseless ones are the animals, so most of my attention goes to them.
Selfish, arrogant people drive me crazy.
I came to Miami for the first time during the winter, and naturally, I fell in love with the weather.
