American,Musician
My guitar is not a thing. It is an extension of myself. It is who I am.
You got nothing to lose. You don't lose when you lose fake friends.
Life is strong and fragile. It's a paradox... It's both things, like quantum physics: It's a particle and a wave at the same time. It all exists all together.
Other people will call me a rebel, but I just feel like I'm living my life and doing what I want to do. Sometimes people call that rebellion, especially when you're a woman.
I'm concentrating on staying healthy, having peace, being happy, remembering what is important, taking in nature and animals, spending time reading, trying to understand the universe, where science and the spiritual meet.
For me the challenge isn't to be different but to be consistent.
Nobody knows what anticipation is anymore. Everything is so immediate.
When you're onstage and the audience is smiling and singing and bopping along and you're all on the same level, it's the best feeling in the world. It may sound dumb and corny to say it, but it's like pure love.
I grew up in a world that told girls they couldn't play rock 'n' roll.
I think I was born strong-willed. That's not the kind of thing you can learn. The advantage is, you stick to what you believe in and rarely get pushed out of what you want to do.
Obviously, some people are thick, and they're not gonna see what they don't want to see.
We all make judgments on people, but some are much more brutal than others. It's easy to say, 'Ya know, I'm not crazy about what she's wearing,' but you don't have to be nasty about it, and you don't have to be public about it.
People are very sincere in their praise, and you can't take it lightly.
People like to tear you down. People are always going to take shots. You've just got to go for it.
Aggressive, tough and defiant may describe me, but that leaves the impression I'm mean and I'm not. People expect me to have fangs.
I feel like it's my job to carry the torch.
I figured out it was a social thing, what women were allowed to do. At a very young age, I decided I was not going to follow women's rules.
Shaving my head was a millennium ritual, to not let it pass as just another New Year's Eve. A lot has happened to me in the last couple of years, personally and spiritually. I wanted to mark it for myself.
We were really grown up for our age and it was an incredible special band.
Factory farming is one of the biggest contributors to the most serious environmental problems. The meat industry causes more greenhouse gas emissions than all the cars, trucks, planes and ships in the world.
Even though everybody's lives are different, in general we're all human beings, and we go through the same things: disappointments, the pleasures of life, life and death. That's always been a really big part of the show to me, making sure the audience feels connected, and that carries through to the album.
Girls see these defined roles they're supposed to follow in life, but when I was a young child, my parents told me I could be anything.
I remember times when I was at shows and the person onstage locked eyes with me. And in that moment, everything was right with the world. I think that's part of my job, to create these thousands of moments every night. And for the rest of their life, they can say, 'You guys looked at me,' or 'You sweated on me,' or 'I got your gum.'
When I came back to it, we amicably separated from Warner Bros. I just picked up where I left off, trying to write the rest of this record. It took awhile to get out.
The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny.
People don't want to see women doing things they don't think women should do.
So it was out of necessity that Blackheart was born. I think it's great that now, 25 years later, we're not only putting out our own music, but are able to put out music by other bands. That's really exciting for us.
So now 20 years later people want us to get together so they can take shots at all these old babes trying to get back some youth. I mean come on; I've been there. I know what the press would do.
We always play clubs. It's not something that I feel above. Those are my favorite shows because they're intimate, they're tight, their sweaty, they're hot. You're close to the people. Those are my favorites.
Why there aren't people out there willing to have fun playing rock 'n' roll. I just don't get it.
You know I don't care if the world thinks I'm smart or not.
You know, I have a really tough time finding new bands.
Before I settled on music, I wanted to be an archaeologist, an astronaut, all sorts of really diverse things.
Anyone who wants to know who I am can just read my lyrics - I've always written about who I am.
I've always got something to say.
Well, I'll tell you, I don't know how aware teenagers are of me. I think it really depends on the teenager and how well-versed in music they are and what kind of music they like.
A lot of the songs I've recorded are songs I write.
Disharmony is natural in any band.
Pop music is not a threatening style of music.
I know music is subjective.
I was in drama, wanted to be an actor.
I love school. I was a great student.
I'm a good person.
Things work in cycles.
I'm not necessarily intimidated by really jocky guys. I can talk football with them, you know what I mean?
You follow any family around, you're going to see elation, you're going to see disharmony.
I've done some acting and a lot of different things, but mostly it's the music.
I bought one of those Learn How to Play Guitar Chords By Yourself and it shows you the diagram where to put your hands and I took that in my room, sat with my singles and learned how to play guitar.
I'll be working until I die.
God, I always just think of myself as a jeans and T-shirt kind of person.
I'm not a list person.
Beyond just writing about falling in love and out of love and wanting to do certain things and going out and partying and all the things that I grew up writing about, I want to write about deeper things.
I have a tough time judging myself.
I think it's important to have mystique.
I want to be singing to everybody, and I want everybody to think that I'm singing to them. Guys, girls and everyone in between.
I don't like to say where I'll be in 10 years.
I don't know if I get recognized necessarily, though I do get looked at a lot - but I don't know if it's because of who I am, or if people just think I look weird.
A lot of people ask me why I don't expand and explore other musical areas, but I like the plain three- and four-chord rock-and-roll that I call the the semi-blues.
It's easier to sit there and say you don't like feminists because they don't have a sense of humor.
I leave for the show at least an hour ahead, and I do some vocal warm-ups, and that's pretty much it.
You want to have butterflies in your stomach, because if you don't, if you walk out onstage complacent, that's not a good thing.
I do not knowingly kill any living thing - including insects or rodents - and I thank my food for sustaining me.
Cutting meat out of your diet is the best thing you can do for animals and your own health.
My job is intense. It's very physical.
Performance-wise, you really need to be down in the trenches; you need to do the hard work, for a lot of reasons: To build yourself as a performer, to get a sense of the audience, to work hard and to wonder, 'Do I really want to do this?'
If you really believe in yourself, you cannot listen to other people.
One of the mistakes I made was believing that the rock n' roll genre as a genre was much more free than the whole pop or R&B scene.
I left my family, and I left my brother and sister, and I went and lived my dream. I saw everybody, but is it ever enough?
I don't look good in beige.
