American,Musician
I need to find a church on Sunday. I need to say 'please' and 'thank you,' 'yes sir' and 'no ma'am.' Do the little things because that's part of being an adult.
I want to see success right away. And I want to never give up, never stop.
Stubbornness and ignorance and determination are a very fine line from each other. I'm a very stubborn person, but not so stubborn that I can't learn new things and meet new people, but I have a one-track mind.
It doesn't really matter to me what the rest of country is doing. I'm not caught up in trying to make a record that sounds like everybody else. That, to me, is a record label's absolute biggest downfall.
Anybody can get lost in themselves.
The Dalai Lama's entire being is about peace and harmony, forgiveness and self-discipline. Those are qualities to be admired. I am really looking forward to meeting His Holiness.
My previous visits to Australia created fantastic memories, so I'm definitely looking forward to another visit. It is one of the most beautiful places I've ever been. I think every person in the entire country is nice. Seriously, I haven't seen or heard of a mean person yet. And they love country music.
Australia is breathtakingly beautiful, and I can't wait to visit again.
Life on the road is very different from a normal, day to day life, and sometimes that surrealistic existence can have an effect on you, you tend to forget that's not really how things are supposed to be. But there comes a point where you have to pace yourself and find a place in your mind where you can be real.
I'm a traditional country singer and we're always trying to make that a fresh and modern sound. That's always going to be the challenge with me.
Sometimes as an artist you get wrapped up in what you are doing and you can't be objective.
It's always a pleasure to perform for people who love country music. And Australians definitely fall into that category. Each time I go back, I learn something new about the country, and I get to see some of the most beautiful places on the planet.
In my mind, as long as I did what was right for me, I was cool. But that's not the way it works. You have to think about other people and take their feelings into account.
I love Halloween, trick or treating and decorating the house. And I love Thanksgiving, because of the football and the fall weather. And of course, I love Christmas - that's my favorite of all!
I'm big into fishing, but I've never been much of a hunter. I never was really raised around it a whole lot, so I never got a chance to do it a whole lot.
The people who are competing business-wise out there want what other successful labels and artists have. I don't want what they have; I want my own path, my own sound, my own identity. Record labels care nothing about identity or artistic freedom, they want good business.
The way that I am now, I don't want to accept mediocrity. I don't want to accept the easy road.
I've certainly had to bite my tongue on occasion and live to fight another day, so to speak, on certain things. But when you're new and fresh, you come out and think, 'I don't want to screw my chance up, so I'll go along with what everybody else does.'
I am a sports fanatic and being able to perform at halftime for the fans of the Steelers and the Jets is such a thrill for me.
It's important to show solidarity for a child, no matter what. It's important for a child to be raised in a situation where she sees love, solidarity, commitment and honor.
It's important that adults get along with each other for the child's sake, and that is our situation.
My message to kids who bully other kids is: You know it's wrong! What's really going on? Try not to make somebody else's life miserable because you are.
We have a good opportunity to be good parents right now.
I enjoy every minute, because there are going to be a lot of moments in your future that you're going to wish you held onto longer.
There's been a lot of really cool stuff that's happened to me throughout my career, and I remember everything, but I don't think I savored every moment of it like I should have or like I do now.
Everything that's cool that happens, I look at my wife and I say, 'We need to enjoy this moment right here! This is really special!'
You have to believe that things can be bigger than what you see in front of you in order to move forward.
When people have passion there's nothing they can't do.
Sometimes you have to listen to other people, and see what the audiences want. That's what entertaining is about.
I think every artist would love to just please themselves musically all day long.
Being an entertainer includes knowing how to connect with an audience.
That's what we need nowadays, is more children that have goals other than being a sports figure or some kind of celebrity.
For me, I wanted somebody that got me musically, that understood that I'm an artist and this is who I am. I'm not going to be like another artist on your label, probably - hopefully. I found all those things with the Broken Bow group.
My first record deal was an independent record deal back in 1995 or early 1996.
The risks are 'How country can you go?' rather than 'How rock can you take it?'
I married a woman who's not going to take anything. No slips. She's very accountable, and she holds me very accountable.
You know, I'd like to sit here and blame everybody else for my trouble. I just can't do that. I can't find it in myself to do it.
You know, I can be the happiest man in the world with minimal record success.
