American,Politician
Our flag honors those who have fought to protect it, and is a reminder of the sacrifice of our nation's founders and heroes. As the ultimate icon of America's storied history, the Stars and Stripes represents the very best of this nation.
The American flag is an enduring symbol of liberty, democracy, and justice. It is fitting that the House act to protect it as we approach our nation's birthday, and as our men and women in uniform rally behind it in Iraq's battlefields.
I would point out that if you're a believer in the Bible, one would have to say the Great Flood is an example of climate change and that certainly wasn't because mankind had overdeveloped hydrocarbon energy.
I will use my position as chairman emeritus on the Energy and Commerce Committee to try to bring some common sense to EPA regulations.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is continually reviewing its safety plan for the 100-plus operating civilian nuclear reactors in the United States. And when those plants were put into operation, they were required to have double and triple redundant safety systems.
I tell my environmental friends that they have won. Every issue we look at from an energy perspective is now also looked at from an environmental perspective.
Now, if you're Al Gore, you can afford $10 a pop for squiggly-pig-tailed fluorescent light bulbs. But if you're mainstream America, two or three kids, mom and dad working outside the home, that's not a very good deal.
I think we should drill up in Alaska.
No one in the United States has become seriously ill or has died because of any kind of accident at a civilian nuclear power plant.
Supercookies are legal, but I don't think they should be.
The constant abuse of online activity must stop.
People don't want Congress dictating what light fixtures they can use.
Texans are by nature independent people.
Wind is God's way of balancing heat. Wind is the way you shift heat from areas where it's hotter to areas where it's cooler. That's what wind is.
Adapting is a common natural way for people to adapt to their environment.
I believe the earth's climate is changing, but I think it's changing for natural variation reasons and I think mankind has been adapting to climate as long as man has walked the earth.
CO2 is not a pollutant in any normal definition of the term.
