American,Coach
When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence, excellence becomes a reality.
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks.
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
Its the name on the front of the jersey that matters most, not the one on the back.
Losing a game is heartbreaking. Losing your sense of excellence or worth is a tragedy.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
You have to perform at a consistently higher level than others. That's the mark of a true professional.
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
The name on the front of the jersey is what really matters, not the name on the back.
What is a coach? We are teachers. Educators. We have the same obligations as all teachers, except we probably have more influence over young people than anybody but their families. And, in a lot of cases, more than their families.
You must relate athletic experiences to life.
My thing was play as hard as you can, don't be stupid, pay attention to details, and have enough guts in the clutch that you're not afraid to make a play. Some things I thought were important for a young man to know.
We shall act with good intentions, but at times we will be wrong. When we are, let us admit it and try to right the situation.
I've had a wonderful experience here at Penn State.
We have to realize a kid will love us one day and hate us the next. That cannot change who we are and what we are about.
Publicity is like poison; it doesn't hurt unless you swallow it.
In every life, there have to be some shadows. Look at me. My life has been filled with sunshine. A beautiful and caring wife. Five healthy children. I got to do what I loved. How many people are that lucky?
Here, I have an opportunity to affect the lives of a lot of young people - and not just on my football team. I'm not kidding myself that that would be true at the professional level.
Mostly I want to talk positive; I wanna talk about a bunch of great kids that I coached and made me look good and the university that I've seen grow from a cow college, which it was, only 12,000 people, and when I came here, we weren't at Pennsylvania State University, we were at Penn State College.
You need to play with supreme confidence, or else you'll lose again, and then losing becomes a habit.
The minute you think you've got it made, disaster is just around the corner.
I'm not as concerned about me. What's happened to me has been great. I got five great kids. Seventeen grandchildren.
I really enjoyed coaching.
I don't think I deviated from what I'm all about and what I thought was important. Whether you want to call that a legacy, or whatever you want to call it.
It doesn't matter what people think of me. I've lived my life.
To teach an academic subject is certainly not easy, but compared to coaching, it is. We can say 'two plus two is four' to every kid and be sure that we are right. But in coaching, we have to literally get to the soul of the people we are dealing with.
