American,Businessman
Your attitude will go a long way in determining your success, your recognition, your reputation and your enjoyment in being a lawyer.
If you are not emotionally involved, your client is not getting your best effort.
By not trying the small cases, the lawyers don't get the courtroom experience. So when the huge, bet-the-company cases come along, there are only a handful of trial lawyers who can handle it. That's why these big corporations still call us old-timers every day.
When Frank Broyles coached at Arkansas, he used to have a golf tournament each year for all the Southwest Conference coaches.
That's a good feeling, to save your clients two billion dollars.
I happen to have a giant ego, an admission that will not shock my close friends or critics. I am not uncomfortable in saying that because the ego of a man often gets great things done.
I don't think I'm a good ol' boy. Honestly, the last thing I am is a redneck. I like silk sheets, fancy cars, beautiful women, good whiskey.
The trick is to learn to contain one's ego, not conceal it.
I think the average American has forgotten the great feel for liberty and accountability that the framers of the Constitution believed.
I didn't know who she was, but I knew she was hungry, so I started handing out $100 bills and called the office and told them to bring me a bunch more. Then I had my cousin's store deliver a bunch of smoked ham and turkeys. I mean, these people are hungry and living under a bridge.
Do you know what the root of mediation is? Mediocrity!
The feeling of being accepted and acknowledgement and recognition and fame - I'm vain like everybody else. The feeling of achievement that I've helped the poor or somebody in need far outweighs the money.
We can still do good for others and do good for ourselves. I would wither and die, truthfully. I need to be somewhere where the light's on me.
I sent people to the penitentiary as fast as I could, never thinking about whether they deserved it.
The Depression did more to me than being a little Lebanese kid did.
I can't describe the feeling I got the first time I won a jury award for an injured person.
You had to have a unanimous jury verdict, and one percent of contributory negligence barred all recovery. It was so satisfying to realize I could do it. And I'll tell you what motivated me: competitiveness. I was betting on me. That's what a contingent-fee lawyer does.
I think Wallace Hall is an imbecile.
I don't think the trial practice is dead. But it is very ill. There are some days you could throw a hand grenade down the hall of the Harris County Courthouse and not hit anybody.
There are more pompous, arrogant, self-centered, mediocre-type people running corporate America who should be sent out on some postal route delivering mail.
Ever since I was a kid, I've known I could talk to people.
For every dollar we have given to athletics, we have given about 27 to higher education or medical research.
If you start comparing my practice of law to what I could have been - selling bananas - you'll know why I gave money to the University of Texas.
It's not a bad thing fighting for equality and helping the poor. It's not a bad thing to have on your professional tombstone: 'He believed in equality and he helped the poor.'
I spent a year at Southwestern Louisiana Institute, then transferred back to the University of Texas, where I majored in English and history.
I didn't do too well until my second year, when I realized that there were no right or wrong answers and that my professors were interested only in how well I could develop an argument.
