American,Musician
'Fast Life' is just about going out with your friends and having a good time - I think it's one of those songs that people can relate with and like.
I had a New Year's kiss once. But it was like, 'Let's start the year off together,' and then we wound up breaking up the night after!
I'd love to act more. I've had to turn down multiple movies because I was on tour, but it's encouraging to know that someday there might be the right role, the right timing. And I've been writing a lot of music, so hopefully very soon I'll have recorded a project of my own. I also want to get a boat and open a restaurant.
Sometimes the only way to win is to die trying.
I became friends with a lot of chefs. I was a judge on 'Top Chef' last year. It was a dream come true.
I can't grow a moustache.
I love sightseeing.
There's nothing wrong with being gay, but I'm not.
A lot of people put pressure on themselves and think it will be way too hard for them to live out their dreams. Mentors are there to say, 'Look, it's not that tough. It's not as hard as you think. Here are some guidelines and things I have gone through to get to where I am in my career.'
I remember when I was growing up, I always wore glasses and so if I was on-stage or just being able to move around playing sports, I was never really able to because I had glasses holding me back. Wearing contacts has just been very helpful.
The first CD that I ever bought was 'Britney Spears.' It was at a 7-Eleven and I was like, 'Can I get this?' It was literally her EP and I picked it up and, of course, I fell in love with her. It was an early crush for me.
One thing they don't have out here in California is Rita's Italian Ices. We used to have one right next to our house and it was so good!
When I meet a fan, I always try to learn something about that fan.
I was going to make movies. I was the one in the family who was always rolling the video camera, making movies of my brothers around town, and then screening them for my parents. I still would love to make movies someday... that's something that really means a lot to me, and I know I'll have the chance to do it one day.
I think it's important to watch out for our environment and to be careful.
I love a good fitted suit. England is known for men who can wear good suits.
A lot of people look back ten years ago and go, 'Why was I wearing that?' I look back a year ago and say the same thing. The craziest outfit I ever wore was this white suit that I wore to an awards show in L.A. that I teamed with yellow shoes. It was interesting. It popped.
I had a faux-hawk for a while and I used to buzz the sides and design it. It was really bad.
Adele's amazing, I think the world of her and her music and I think Tinie Tempah is cool. To work with someone like Kanye West would be awesome.
I've gone through a lot of stuff in my life so far. There are stories I haven't really been able to tell.
Being on stage makes me come to life. When all eyes are on you, they're watching every move you make.
I wanna go play my music in a club.
Chris Brown is a fantastic artist and songwriter and to be able to work with him was kind of unbelievable.
Writing 'Fast Life' has been an incredible experience. It's something totally different from what I am used to.
I have definitely written a happy song about someone and then we ended up splitting up, but you have to put those kind of things to the back of your mind and tell yourself that it's a good song and it works on the album.
I feel like every artist has an opportunity to create something new and to challenge themselves to reach out to a new crowd.
