American,Athlete
Unless you have bad times, you can't appreciate the good times.
Competing at the highest level is not about winning. It's about preparation, courage, understanding and nurturing your people, and heart. Winning is the result.
It's nice to be in first place. But just because you're not on a winner doesn't mean you're a loser.
Stress is something that is sort of out of your control. You get stressed out over looking at the finish line. Stress is something that is an outside thing. Stress is an anxiety.
I have no problem with cheating. Whatever you can get away with.
There's nothing that can replace the feeling of winning.
Golf is the only game I know where you call a foul on yourself.
Even though I was never a Yankee fan until I put on the uniform, when you think about the deep history of this organization, you always knew what the Yankees represented.
Every place where I played or managed is special to me because of the memories and the friendships that each afforded me.
When I was 16 years old, my brother Frank said, 'You'd better become a catcher, because you're too big and fat to do anything else.' Well, I took his advice. It was a quick way to get to the big leagues, and I've never regretted it.
When we lost, I couldn't sleep at night. When we win, I can't sleep at night. But, when you win, you wake up feeling better.
The fact that somebody is reducing your salary is just telling me they're not satisfied with what you're doing.
When you're in a slump, you do something different, just to try it. I remember one time I was in a slump, and I borrowed one of Henry Aaron's bats and hit two homers. I used my own bats the next night. I just needed a change.
Respect is the word I want. You have to earn it. You give, and you get it in return, that's how I see it.
I am deeply saddened and shocked at the loss of umpire Wally Bell.
It's my job that if somebody wants to have a discussion about something, I'm certainly sensitive to that, and I'm willing to do it.
People are proud of their players.
Pitchers make adjustments, and it's up to the hitters to readjust and sort of tweak what they do.
When I became the manager of the New York Yankees, it was an opportunity to realize my lifelong dream of winning the World Series. We were fortunate enough to succeed in our first season in 1996, and in the years that followed, we wrote some great new chapters in Yankee history.
I think that winning creates chemistry, as opposed to other way around. I've been on a lot of friendly teams that couldn't win, trust me.
First of all, you want umpires to call what they see. In the case of fair or foul, the smartest thing is to call the ball fair. Because if it's called foul and ruled fair, where do we put the runners?
At 7-1, your pitching has obviously controlled that other team. At 16-10, I'm not sure when it's safe.
It's huge. You win the first game of the series, you want to win the series.
It's something you hope doesn't happen. When you sign on to do a job, you hope you'll be able to get it done. But that's not always in your control.
My 12 years in New York were very, very special, the fans were very special, and it's something I will take with me wherever I go and into retirement.
You're always in the storm's eye, so to speak, when you're with the Yankees.
Every time I pull somebody out of the bullpen, I believe he can do the job. I have to believe it. If he doesn't, hopefully he will do it the next time.
You have to fix something when it first appears.
It just feels good to beat the world champs to be the world champs.
With negotiations, you never know what's going to happen.
We all have different ways to do things.
I'm a very private person, and I don't want to share stuff with anyone.
TV is not accurate.
When I was a player and hit into a double play, I felt as if I was letting everyone down.
I know in the heat of battle, it's hard not to get angry, especially in the 19th inning.
Scott Boras, I've known for a long time. We were both in the Cardinals organization. I'm a lot older than Scott. He's a very tough man, very tough agent.
I've enjoyed my time in the American League, the fans of Southern California and other friendships.
St. Louis has always been special to me.
My father wasn't the best role model to me.
Kids are much more intuitive these days. Not that I'm crazy about what's on TV, but they know so much these days.
I can understand the fact you don't want the ball slipping out of a pitcher's hand because someone can get hurt.
When I was coming home from school as a youngster, and I saw my dad's car in the driveway, I would go to a friend's house. I connected my dad being there with fear.
Whatever sport you're looking at, it's usually the team that makes the least mistakes that has the most success.
You can't win the Kentucky Derby unless you're on a thoroughbred.
I don't have a great deal of stress job-wise in my life, and that feels good.
You could have the bases loaded, and you bring up the best pinch-hitter in the world to pinch hit, he hits into a double play, and then all of a sudden: 'How could you do that?'
I never concerned myself with other people's decisions.
Baseball has always been filled with negative statistics.
To wind up in Cooperstown is surreal for me. To go into the Hall of Fame is one thing. When you think of all the other Yankees that are in here, it's pretty special. This is just a shrine. To visit it, much less be inducted, it's still sort of unbelievable to me.
I hated the Yankees and Dodgers and wound up managing both.
Major league baseball is about the history of the game. Baseball history is so important. It's so much more than money.
I've been very, very fortunate. I never had to work for a living.
If you do the best you can, you never have to look back.
You hear the word 'cancer,' it scares you. You think of death.
'Million Dollar Arm' touches on many of the Safe At Home Foundation's core values, such as children, teamwork and family.
I just don't like to dwell on stuff.
We've beat up our umpires. They're now allowed to be human.
Umpires sometimes have a quick trigger.
I'm not very complicated.
If I intimidate people, that's not my intention.
I won't be managing the Mets. I am closing the door on managing the Mets and probably everybody else.
I don't think there's any player that's more talented than Alex Rodriguez. He cares very deeply about doing well. Baseball is his life. He puts a lot of pressure on himself.
In regards to steroids, I think we're all to blame, all of baseball. I never realized how far-reaching this problem has been.
Chicago is a pretty good town.
You know, Mike Milken, the money that he has raised for cancer research has been remarkable.
One thing you have to realize is that cancer is not something you necessarily cure, but you want to just take care of yourself and extend your life as long as you can.
I felt there was a lot of love in my house. And my mom was, you know, the basis of all that.
My relationship with George Steinbrenner was great. He was the boss, and I accepted that.
When you take a job, you don't just accept the pats on the back. You have to accept the kicks in the pants.
I knew what the Dodgers uniform represented as a kid growing up in Brooklyn.
I think there's more of opportunity to win games in the National League than the American League because there are more decisions to make.
If a club is winning, you never pay attention to a guy who's 0-for-10. If a club is losing, all of a sudden you'll find that he's the main reason why you're losing, which is absurd for me.
Spring Training is a fun time for me.
The Dodgers to me are the Yankees of the National League.
It's nice to have writers write nice things about you and guys on radio and TV say nice things about you, but the guy who's in the locker next to you is the one you play the game for.
I think that I have a sensitivity toward people, and that is a strength.
There will be a time when everyone on the team is going to contribute to winning a pennant.
As a member of a competitive team, you want to make sure you have yourself ready to play. You don't control anything but what you do.
I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.
