American,Actor
Every couple years, you know, these great things drop in my lap. It's been fantastic.
I like to sing with people, whether they're good or not.
I like when guests come over early and we chop veggies and talk and play music.
Mary-Kate and Ashley, who played Michelle, were great. I miss them, I love them, and I need to borrow some money from them.
I have never been so calculating as to sing some Barry White song to get a girl. But I do think it's very romantic to cook dinner and sit around the piano at night and sing together.
I'm happier in my career now than I've ever been.
When I was 16 or 17, I remember kissing one of my first girlfriends, Kim Anderson, under a stairwell at Disneyland. I'll never forget that feeling.
I also find it interesting that a lot of people in their 30s are not married and don't have kids. There are a lot of people in this age bracket that are out there dating and trying to find love. And I never thought that at my age I would be.
People look at me and go, 'You must have it made. You have girls. You have a great life.' It's not true. I mean you pull the curtain away, and you see I'm just as insecure and neurotic and scared and vulnerable as anybody, you know.
For so many years, fans and friends have been wanting me to succeed and be back on TV every week, which hasn't happened since 'Full House.' I feel like I came through for them.
I do know I want to have children. That's the only thing missing in my life. I certainly thought I'd have some by now.
I don't want to replace anyone, especially Charlie Sheen.
I got cast on ER, I knew I'd be playing a great character and I knew the show was great.
I grew up doing sitcoms and theater and even playing with the Beach Boys, where you're programmed to perform, your body gets into a rhythm and you know it has to perform.
I have a trainer that I box with. Luckily, on ER, they'll tell me if I have a shirtless scene coming up and I'll have a few weeks to power it out.
I mean you pull the curtain away, and you see I'm just as insecure and neurotic and scared and vulnerable as anybody, you know.
I once dated someone who worked at McDonald's. She came up and asked if I wanted a Big Mac.
I started Pilates. I'm the only guy in there. They plot before I get there: 'How can we make John look ridiculous?' Because every exercise involved my legs up, like I'm in the stirrups or something.
I think I got turned onto The Beach Boys for the first time with the 'Endless Summer' album in 1974. The power of that music still, to this day, bypasses the brain and goes straight to the heart. You don't have to think about it; it's something that you feel.
I went to Broadway and I've been doing some fun guest spots with 'Entourage' and 'Glee' and I'm ready to have my own show.
I'm finally looking older and inviting my wrinkles.
I'm not the guy who bursts into the room. I'm the most insecure person you'll meet if you get to know me.
I've been been on the cover of TV Guide, on every single talk and entertainment show except Letterman. It's interesting being older and dealing with this kind of success. I'm more appreciative of it now, and I don't take it for granted.
I've had a fairy tale life. I had a perfect family, a beautiful childhood, an incredible upbringing. I lived a lot of life but a lot of good life.
In the last few years, losing my father, going through a divorce and not getting some jobs I really wanted, is making me a much more interesting person, I think. This all really does feel like a rebirth, a new chapter.
Joining 'ER,' I felt like that kid who got the golden ticket in 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.' I've been offered chocolate bars all these years, but there had been no golden ticket. Just the stomachache that was called 'Jake in Progress.'
