American,Coach
The most important thing in the world is family and love.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes.
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.
Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.
Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
In the end, it's about the teaching, and what I always loved about coaching was the practices. Not the games, not the tournaments, not the alumni stuff. But teaching the players during practice was what coaching was all about to me.
Never lie, never cheat, never steal.
Be true to yourself. Make each day a masterpiece. Help others. Drink deeply from good books. Make friendship a fine art. Build a shelter against a rainy day.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful.
A coach is someone who can give correction without causing resentment.
The main ingredient of stardom is the rest of the team.
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.
The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.
There's as much crookedness as you want to find. There was something Abraham Lincoln said - he'd rather trust and be disappointed than distrust and be miserable all the time. Maybe I trusted too much.
Teaching players during practices was what coaching was all about to me.
Earn the right to be proud and confident.
When you hurry you're more apt to make mistakes. But you have to be quick. If you're not quick you can't get things done.
Failure is never fatal. But failure to change can and might be.
I had three rules for my players: No profanity. Don't criticize a teammate. Never be late.
Adversity is the state in which man most easily becomes acquainted with himself, being especially free of admirers then.
What you are as a person is far more important than what you are as a basketball player.
If I am through learning, I am through.
I talked to the players and tried to make them aware of what was good and bad, but I didn't try to run their lives.
If I were a young coach today, I would be extremely careful in selecting assistants.
I'd be satisfied just coaching in high school. I turned down a number of colleges when I was teaching in South Bend, Indiana, before I went into the service. I honestly believe that if I hadn't enlisted in the service, I would never have left high school teaching. I'm sure I would have never left.
Love is the most important thing in the world. Hate, we should remove from the dictionary.
I've been blessed in so many ways.
I seldom was ever off my seat on the bench during the game.
Be prepared and be honest.
Friendship is two-sided. It isn't a friend just because someone's doing something nice for you. That's a nice person. There's friendship when you do for each other. It's like marriage - it's two-sided.
I think you have to be what you are. Don't try to be somebody else. You have to be yourself at all times.
Ability is a poor man's wealth.
I'm no wizard, and I don't like being thought of in that light at all. I think of a wizard as being some sort of magician or something, doing something on the sly or something, and I don't want to be thought of in that way.
If there's anything you could point out where I was a little different, it was the fact that I never mentioned winning.
There are many things that are essential to arriving at true peace of mind, and one of the most important is faith, which cannot be acquired without prayer.
I'd rather have a lot of talent and a little experience than a lot of experience and a little talent.
I don't think I was a fine game coach. I'm trying to be honest. I think I was a good practice coach.
I don't believe in fate.
No one can really honestly be the very best, no one.
I think permitting the game to become too physical takes away a little bit of the beauty.
I'm glad I was a teacher.
I like to spend time in the past, with the things that have been important to me.
I was built up from my dad more than anyone else.
I don't believe in praying to win.
I'm not afraid to die.
I found golf was too time consuming, but I did enjoy it.
Defense is a definite part of the game, and a great part of defense is learning to play it without fouling.
Somebody asked me - you know, how come it took you so long to win a national championship? And I said, 'I'm a slow learner; but you notice when I learn something, I have it down pretty good.'
I met Tiger Woods when he was younger. He's amazing - obviously technically, but his mental approach, too. He's really something.
