American,Novelist
All life is inherently dangerous. But beyond that, Los Angeles is just a wonderful place to be.
Conspiracy is a small but durable seller, retooled every year or so.
Retirement is purgatory for the former sports star. The world outside organized sports is unforgiving.
Class was always the domestic issue during the Vietnam War, not communism.
Evading military service has a long history in American life.
Most anyplace one lives is essentially dangerous. There are floods in the Midwest, and tornadoes. There are hurricanes along the Gulf. In New York, you get mugged.
I liked Los Angeles for odd reasons. For one, there was no sense of community. You were really left to your own resources, spending this inordinate amount of time alone in a balloon of an automobile. I liked that a lot.
Anecdotes are factoids of questionable provenance, burnished to a high gloss, often set in gilded venues and populated with familiar names as background atmosphere, purged of ambiguity in the interest of keeping the narrative flowing smoothly.
In what purports to be an egalitarian society, the existence of class is the secret about which no one speaks.
A writer is an eternal outsider, his nose pressed against whatever window on the other side of which he sees his material.
Gavin Lambert was the first person in the movie business my wife and I met when we moved to Los Angeles in 1964.
I call myself a harp because I like the sound of the word - it is short, sharp, and abusive.
Being exposed to the enlisted Army was an eye-opener. I thought everyone was like me, but the enlisted Army is a constituency of the dispossessed.
I love cops; I'm fascinated by the criminal justice system.
I am willing to believe, but I do not have the gift of faith. I'm skeptical.
What the world does not need is another script or television writer.
Being a professional screenwriter is perhaps the hardest occupation. Because nothing is ever yours and, by the nature of the medium, you are never ultimately responsible for your work. It can be interesting - if you have another outlet.
Life is much more available in New York - there are a dozen movie theaters within walking distance. Living in California is easier, but you get sedentary.
I got 'The Red White and Blue' out of journalism. It puts you in touch with the world.
I've always thought a novelist only has one character, and that is himself or herself. In my case, me.
I'm a great believer in the novelist being 'on the scene,' reporting, traveling, meeting all sorts of people.
I'm not a bad mimic, and I can pick up speech cadences that I would not pick up if I didn't hit the road.
You do nonfiction, you get to meet people you would not normally meet.
I resist and resent the idea of California as a metaphor. It's something thrust upon us, usually by people in the East.
There are no new facts about the Kennedys, only new attitudes, a literature that, like the automobile industry, puts new bodies on old chassis.
The myth of the Kennedys - and the hold - was always the hold of the renegade rich, out there on the frontier beyond accountability.
