American,Businessman
As a leader, you don't get too high on the highs or let the bumps balance down. Every leader over time has probably equal amount of good luck or bad luck - or, you could argue, has good opportunities or challenges.
We'll have a sales leader go run engineering. A lawyer go run business development. A business development leader go run our consumer operations. We're going to train a generalist group of leaders who know how to learn and operate in collaboration teamwork. I think that's the future of leadership.
Since I became CEO, 87 percent of the companies in the Fortune 500 are off the list. What that says is that companies that don't reinvent themselves will be left behind. I also think that's true of people. And I think it's true of countries.
It's connectivity that really makes the industrial Internet work: it's giving the right information at the right time to the right person or right machine to make the right decision.
When you're a large company with significant market share, it's tempting to view market disruptions as a threat, but we view them as an opportunity.
I think, as time passes, people will come to see that the United States' credit standing is really not quite the same level as the ones that we rate AAA.
By exciting citizens about the new digital opportunity, breaking down silos of competing groups to form a truly open innovation ecosystem and shifting day-to-day resources to focus on big long-term investments for the future, countries can ensure that they break through and bridge the digital gap.
The industry has to learn how to do CEO succession well. If your definition of success is Intel or Microsoft or HP or IBM, that's not a good track record, and yet they are the most successful ones.
Widening the talent pipeline sufficiently will require a generational commitment to teaching math and science, providing technical training, and mentoring young people of all backgrounds so they understand the full range of possibilities that a career in technology affords.
If every company becomes a technology company, business models and transitions are going to occur. From a CEO's perspective, this is going to be the biggest technology transition of all times.
Never ask your employees to do something you wouldn't be willing to do yourself.
Everything becomes connected, and cyber security becomes the top issue for CEOs. An average company has 40-60 security vendors, and they have a violation every three months with viruses.
It's easy for me to see how a business proposition is going to play out, or who our next-generation competitors are, from taking this data point from this customer and another data point from another customer... and jump to Z.
Once you put in backdoors, once you allow a government to intercept anything they want, you have to give it to other governments around the world. Once you do that, there is no privacy; there is no security. There is no protection for democracy.
Understand what you are acquiring and protect it at all costs. You are acquiring people and next-generation products. You are making an investment that together you can grow faster, make more profits, and take more market share.
Do you have the same vision of where industry is going as the target of your acquisition? If visions differ, you might get together economically for a while, but then you are going to have problems.
What makes Silicon Valley really work? It's a unique combination of great educational institutions - especially at Stanford - that generate engineers and a culture that starts companies.
Wearable technology will tell us how well we are sleeping and whether we need to exercise. Sensors in the street will help us avoid traffic jams and find parking. Telemedicine applications will allow physicians to treat patients who are hundreds of miles away.
Today's world requires a different leadership style - more collaboration and teamwork, including using Web 2.0 technologies. If you had told me I'd be video blogging and blogging, I would have said, 'No way.' And yet our 20-somethings in the company really pushed me to use that more.
When a leader doesn't do his or her job, it isn't just a problem with the person. They take their whole organization down.
A well-run organization turns over 10% of their organizations, including senior leadership. I don't have the heart to do that.
Often, what I tell a new CEO asking for advice, or one of my own new leaders, is the two most important decisions that your team is going to watch is the first person you hire and the first person you promote - because you are saying that's the type of person I want.
I had two parents who were doctors, and my mom was valedictorian in multiple classes.
I don't make fun of people. I call people by what they want to be called. What does your best friend call you? What does your spouse call you? It helps you emotionally connect to people.
It would surprise you how many government and business leaders with dyslexia. Some people view it as a weakness, and maybe it is. What dyslexia forces you to do, you don't go A, B, C, D, E... to Z. I can go A, B... Z with speed.
I had an issue with dyslexia before they understood what dyslexia was. One of my teachers, Mrs. Anderson, taught me to look at it like a curveball. The ball breaks the same way every time. Once you get used to it, you can handle it pretty well.
You've got to really enable the next generation of start-ups.
Every company, city, and country is becoming digital, navigating disruptive markets, and Cisco's role in the digital transformation has never been more important.
Our next CEO needs to thrive in a highly dynamic environment, to be capable of accelerating what is working very well for Cisco and disrupting what needs to change.
In 2001, we were like most high-tech companies, with one or two primary products that were really important to us.
We want a culture where it is unacceptable not to share what you know.
Some people need a command-and-control environment.
Digital is going to have five times the impact than the information era. Just because you led the first transition as a company or country, that doesn't mean you will lead in this one.
If you asked would I have done a startup in India, the answer is yes.
You want to select the right applications at the right time for your industry.
Our line of business structure has served us very well in the past, when customer segments and product requirements were very distinct.
We're living through the second Industrial Revolution.
Cities, too, are embracing digitization. Barcelona has installed in-ground parking sensors and launched connected public transportation as part of its Smart City strategy.
To create a truly digital Europe will require a foundation of high-speed, high-quality broadband, both wired and wireless.
When I think about developing solutions, I think about how we can use technology to make a difference.
People who might normally have to travel hours to a distant city to see a cardiologist can now do so virtually, through Cisco technology, at their local hospital or health clinic. Clinicians use technology to share patient reports and diagnostic images and collaborate on cases.
When I look at the success of the Cisco Networking Academy program, which has reached more than 4.75 million people since 1997, I know it could have never achieved this scale without our partners. Together we provide the tools, equipment and training for our students and teachers.
In 2008, we began an initiative to outsource projects from our Israeli office to three companies in the Palestinian Territories.
As a country, we must come together to provide the training, certifications, and jobs that our veterans have earned and deserve.
We know that veterans have valuable skills and experiences that are highly sought after in today's workforce.
It's important to remember that finding a job is only the beginning of a smooth transition to civilian life for our troops - as employers, we must also ensure their ongoing success.
There's a lot to learn from President Clinton. It kills me as a strong Republican saying it, but he was the most effective president during my lifetime. And when business got out of line, he smacked them.
The business community is very comfortable with Romney.
I don't enjoy politics. I like to get things done, and I like Republicans and Democrats, and that doesn't always work well.
We will see growth in the U.S., and we will selectively acquire in the U.S., but we prefer to use our global opportunity.
At Cisco, we are moving to collaboration teams, groups coming together that represent sales, engineering, finance, legal, etc. And we're training leaders to think across silos.
We're going to become the number one security company.
There is no secure data center in the world; they have all been broken into. We can help you prepare for it and minimize the damage when it does occur.
If you agree with everything I have said, then I have failed.
The Internet will change the way we work, live, learn, and play.
There are two equalizers in life: the Internet and education.
There are two types of companies: those that have been hacked, and those who don't know they have been hacked.
I have interacted with several top leaders. Modi is among the three smartest leaders I have met.
I think Mr Trump is going to be a good president.
I think India should be our top ally in Asia Pacific. And the two countries have so much in common, including being the largest and most powerful democracies.
In September 2014, the USIBC members indicated an investment figure of $41 billion that was likely to be invested over a 2-3 year period.
To go back to a 1950s voice mentality with Title II and net neutrality would be a tremendous mistake for our country.
I think it was a major mistake to revisit Title II.
This will be the first time in my lifetime I'm voting for a Democrat. I'm going to vote for Hillary Clinton. I've already voted.
I support both Democrats and Republicans on many issues. I'm more interested in where they are on technology.
I hope that the new leader, whoever they are - and I hope that it will be Hillary - will bring our country back to participation by all groups and will talk about how technology will enable not just 10% of our population, but all of our population.
In France, President Francois Hollande is leveraging the next wave of the Internet to jumpstart economic reforms and create jobs for hundreds of thousands of citizens. A historically socialist government, France has had the courage to quickly implement unique partnerships with the business community to drive entrepreneurial spirit and thinking.
Government leaders need to ask themselves if they are positioning their country to reap the full potential of the digital economy.
The start of 2016 offers great promise as the world awakens to the power of connectivity and increasing digitization. The new Digital Age is upon us, and it is unlike anything we have experienced before.
