American,Politician
You win by working hard, making tough decisions and building coalitions.
Very few charter schools are being created in some of the best school districts in the state. If you're an educational innovator, that isn't where the greatest need is.
I had made a decision early on that we were going to do the right things and that if they worked we were going to be very successful. And if for some reason they didn't, all the claims and the protestations and the excuses wouldn't make any difference.
As you look around the country there are still a significant number of states where their whole school debate is over school funding and we've been focused on the quality debate for most of the '90s.
Michigan is also the only industrial state that has a AAA credit rating.
I've gone from being one of the youngest governors to now the longest consecutive serving governor in the country.
I have an old saying that the harder I work, the luckier I get.
All 50 states had the same national economy. And on virtually any measurement you wish to look at, Michigan has moved up and improved against the others.
The greatest luck that I've had has been the ability to find men and women who came into my administration who worked with me and brought extraordinary talents that we were able to take full advantage of.
Redistricting is one of the purest actions a legislative body can take.
The current Michigan Constitution was written in 1961 and '62.
I've been in the legislative branch and now the executive branch and in each case I felt it was important we use our constitutional responsibilities to the fullest.
We didn't pass any constitutional amendments that affected the executive branch while I was governor.
I created no authority that wasn't already there under the constitution.
And there should not be a limit on the creation of new public schools. We ought to expand choices for parents.
We have broken the cycle of dependency. People have found out they're better off working.
The parent knows instinctively that if they're working and setting an example for their child that means that child is more likely to be in school, more likely to stay out of trouble and more likely to complete their education.
I'm a compassionate conservative.
I don't put labels on myself.
Sometimes it is better to begin the journey, to get under way, then it is to sit back and wait until such time that you're convinced that all conditions are perfect and that there'll be no surprises along the route.
Nobody gets any guarantees.
I kept telling everyone I wasn't going to Washington to stay. I go to visit.
I expect my next job to be outside government.
I wish we could have acted quicker on Detroit or other failing schools.
I'm very pleased with the job President Bush is doing and he's off to a terrific start.
The Clean Michigan Initiative has been and continues to be a success.
