American,Educator
If there is cultural imperialism, it is definitely American.
America's health depends on all businesses, not just healthcare companies, to do their part.
Coca-Cola is an American icon.
Personal brand equity erodes much faster than corporate brand equity.
Brand preferences and consumption levels in emerging markets such as China, India and Brazil tend to be more fluid. Consumer research is therefore critical to aid marketers trying to cement brand preferences early on as these economies develop.
It is well documented that brands that increase advertising during a recession, when competitors are cutting back, can improve market share and return on investment at lower cost than during good economic times.
The Starbucks brand has shifted over time from being a specialty brand to being more of a mass brand. There is a gap at the top of the market.
The closer a brand can cozy up to a consumer with a message along the lines of, 'We're all in this together,' the better off a brand will be.
View health as an investment, not an expense.
Ease of navigation is important in both physical and virtual space.
The FTC doesn't regulate political speech.
If you have market power like Nike, you can set terms that are much tougher because athletes value the endorsement of Nike - it means as much to them as it does to the company.
Mention health in most companies, and the cost of health insurance is what comes to mind, not how the company can invest to prevent further escalation in societal health care costs.
Instant, soluble coffee has long been the unspeakable wasteland of the coffee business. Conventional wisdom would be that no premium brand should go near it. But Howard Schultz's vision from day one has been to bring quality coffee to the mass market.
You certainly don't want to market the president as if he or she were a box of breakfast cereal.
When we're talking about brand, we're talking about what does the brand stand for. And when we're talking about approval, we're talking about whether or not I approve of what the brand stands for.
China is a very brand-intensive society. The reason that brands are so very important is that they are a way to signal social status.
Consumer behaviour changes in a glacial fashion.
Changing our consumer behaviour is similar to quitting smoking. Unless people are shocked into doing it, either by social disapproval or family disapproval or fear of the medical consequences, they'll just keep on smoking.
Every time there is a recession, consumers will typically be more cautious, more conservative, take more time, and make more serious price-performance trade-offs.
You have to be willing to totally immerse yourself in China in order to have in-depth exposure to China.
Product downsizing in the face of inflation in order to maintain retail price points has long been used by food companies, notably manufacturers of candy.
In flush times, a rising tide of consumption can compensate for less than optimal branding, positioning, pricing or segmentation.
When times are good, there is budget available for increased research on secondary products or customers.
The opinions of a convenience sample... may not represent all users.
Pepsi and Coke have to co-exist on the shelf for the long term because if they pull each other down, no one's going to drink carbonated soft drinks anymore.
