American,Author
I am just a human being trying to make it in a world that is rapidly losing its understanding of being human.
When one lives in a society where people can no longer rely on the institutions to tell them the truth, the truth must come from culture and art.
We cannot change the political system, we cannot change the economic system, we cannot change the social system, until the people control the land, and then we take it out of the hands of that sick minority that chooses to pervert the meaning and the intention of humanity.
One Earth, one mother - one does not sell the Earth.
All that I am is me. So I'm not really a poet or a writer or an actor or an activist; I'm me, and these are things that I do.
What I view life like is about energy. Everything is about energy - everything. We physically are little units of electrical energy, and we vibrate and project electromagnetic thought.
Because we are all of an oral tradition in our beginning histories, the voice of the poet in this particular society will be heard.
You go back and you read your Constitution. You read your Declaration of Independence. And you will see that the only people who could decide these freedoms were white males who owned property, and all the rest of us were excluded.
It's always good to go home. It's strengthening to see your past and know you have someplace to go where you're part of a people.
There have been some positive things that have happened for the tribes, but it's a constant, vigilant fight about protecting what resources we have in terms of land and rights.
Everybody interprets things differently with their own perception, and I want poetry to pull out of them their own feelings.
I don't want to tell people how to remember me. I want people to remember me as they remember me.
For decades, my identity was political, but I've come to understand that there's no political solution when you're dealing with someone else's rules.
I have a real interest in working with younger Native artists. I think it's a very important way for Native people to communicate the realities of our culture and remember our ancestors.
I find there is room in music to talk with music. It may expand ways people can participate with music. It doesn't sound hokey or like some kind of voice-over.
I appreciate all of your expressions of concern, and I appreciate all of your expressions of love. It has been like a fire to my heart.
I'm basically a starving artist.
All politics to me - Indian or white - is an illusion preventing us from being authentic because we're communicating through something that isn't real to us.
Life is all about the spirit.
I have experienced within my own lifetime the attack of my winter camp and the killing of the women and children. It left me even angrier than I was - and I was never too calm to begin with.
I wasn't interested in having to live with a camera - I have a hard enough time getting along with myself. I don't need cameras around and all that action.
I don't write as much now as I used to, but I write. The lines still come, maybe periodically, and I'll go through these little bursts of time where I write a lot of things then a long period of time where maybe I don't write anything.
When I left politics in the early Eighties and started writing and recording, my idea was that I could have an influence further down into other generations. That Natives could come into the culture through arts and music.
I'm a member of the American Indian Movement, and I'm from the indigenous nations of the Western Hemisphere.
I was going mad. One day, I just started writing, and it was like therapy because I was in a position where I couldn't rage. I never expected to be a writer; it's a different world than I ever expected to be in.
I'm not a musician making words to go with my music.
