American,Astronaut
It has been my observation that the happiest of people, the vibrant doers of the world, are almost always those who are using - who are putting into play, calling upon, depending upon-the greatest number of their God-given talents and capabilities.
There is still no cure for the common birthday.
The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.
People keep talking about how we have to go to Mars. We may want to go to Mars sometime.
I was hooked on aviation, made model airplanes, and never thought I would be able to fly myself. It cost too much. But then World War II came along and changed all that.
I don't know what you could say about a day in which you have seen four beautiful sunsets.
I'm not interested in my legacy. I made up a word: 'live-acy.' I'm more interested in living.
This is a day we have managed to avoid for a quarter of a century.
An end of something means the beginning of something else, and I don't think that something else is going to be the death of the manned space program.
You should run your life not by the calendar but how you feel, and what you're interests are and ambitions.
I pray every day and think everybody should.
If people like Edison had waited to make every - or Ben Franklin or some of those people had waited to solve every problem on Earth before they did their research or before they were curious about doing something new, we'd never have made a lot of the progress we have.
One of the first things I learned in the Marine Corps is that any military mission has to be defined as precisely as you can possibly define it, and then you size the force and equipment force to accomplish that mission without fail.
You can't relive your life.
The best space movie in my view is 'Apollo 13.' That's just the way it happened.
Quite often, while I'm getting up in the morning, I think my warranty is running out on these body parts because it's not working quite the way it used to.
I wouldn't oppose a women's astronaut training program; I just see no requirement for it.
I do not have to watch late-night television, watch a movie, to find out what combat is like.
You can always say that it was scarce dollars when Lewis and Clark wanted to go to the West Coast and explore the West. And people complained about it, I understand, from a reading of the history books.
Fear connotes something that interferes with what you're doing.
When the new becomes commonplace, people become accustomed to it. That's a tribute to our sense of adventure.
Old folks have dreams and ambitions too, like everybody else. Don't sit on a couch someplace.
I can't say I've ever had a dream about space or that I ponder it all the time.
I've seen John Wayne's 'True Grit' about 10 times.
As far as entertainment, 'The Right Stuff' is a good movie. As far as a documentary of the early space days, which they purported it to be, it is not at all.
The space station is the most unique laboratory we've ever built. The reason we have it is to do research on materials, people, medical matters, pharmaceuticals - the possibilities are nearly endless.
