American,Chef
The true mark of professionalism is the ability to respect everyone else for their styles and always find something positive in every dining experience and highlight it in your thoughts and words.
Every few years, I change my look for the simple reason that I get bored. If you Google Image me, you will see so many different looks: long hair, short hair, clean shaven, beard, etc.
Baking is about multi-tasking. If you are organized and prepared, that's half the battle.
Chocolate is one of the backbones of the pastry kitchen. It is one of the most important ingredients in our pantry. It is very versatile, it is complex, and it is extremely temperamental.
I can't even kill a lobster without saying a Hail Mary for it.
Whenever a chef cooks for his own ego rather than his guests, he/she set themselves up for ridicule and failure. In the end, it's the service industry. Our goal is to make our guests happy through our cooking.
Cooking is about imbibing different cultures and putting them in a plate on the table.
I fell in love with pastry because I felt I could be much more creative. It's precise, and you don't have to kill anything.
I didn't come from a wealthy family. My dad told us if we wanted spending money, we had to earn it. So I developed an early work ethic.
My mom was a rescue veterinarian, and I grew up helping her nurse injured animals back to health. Any deer hit by a car, fox caught in a trap, whatever it was that got hurt, everyone brought them to my mom.
A savory chef must first master his knife skills and understand the basics of sauces and soups, etc., before he/she may move on to become a great chef. It is no different for pastry chefs. If you do not have a strong foundation and are a master of the basics, then you will never be that strong - you will never be a master of the trade - period.
I was an amusement and water park fiend as a kid growing up. I loved them. My brothers and I would go whenever we could. We liked all the super steep/fast slides and flumes where you would get completely soaked. Our absolute favorite was the tubes, though.
I see myself as half country boy and half city boy, so I need both to balance me out. I couldn't spend all of my time in either place.
Desserts are last, but don't let them be least.
As most people will tell you, the best pies have the best crusts. It has to be tender, flaky, and full of flavor. That is the key to a great pie.
I'm very much half city and half country boy.
Everyone has days when things can go wrong. That doesn't make you a bad pastry chef - that makes you human.
When you think about French pastry, one of the most classic traditional pastries is the eclair. An eclair is like a blank canvas that can be easily adapted to any environment. Ingredients are the most important aspect of a perfect eclair, and they need to be used at their peak.
If you take everything personally and to heart, it will tear you apart. Take criticism, learn, adjust, and move on.
I drink at least a couple of espressos every day and love the flavor of coffee.
I actually have a pig collection in my cabin: all types of old wood hand-carved pigs that my mom started for me as a housewarming gift.
A pastry chef's lifespan in a restaurant is limited. You have to open a bakery or pastry shop. There's only so far you can go in a restaurant.
I eat to survive, you know?
I am a sugar freak.
The biggest fear in my life is being mediocre.
Both my parents worked. So it wasn't like the previous generation where we learned how to cook and bake from our mothers and grandmothers.
I dislike cloyingly sweet desserts - sweet is not a flavor - so I suggest dialing back the sweetness and focusing on what the dessert is about, whether it is a ripe fruit, chocolate, etc.
I am classically trained in French pastry, but I am American and have a natural curiosity and playfulness that comes through in my cooking. I like to present flavors that people are familiar with in unique combinations and forms that may surprise them.
Adding salt to desserts helps to balance and pronounce flavors. Almost all of my desserts have salt in them. They don't taste salty per se, but if I gave you two of the same item - one with salt and one without - side by side, you would realize something was missing.
You can tell a lot about your cooks' personalities by their music collection. I personally have such an eclectic collection, partly due to the combining of music libraries with girlfriends past.
Just because you love to cook and you are good at in your home environment doesn't necessarily mean that you are cut out for competition. It is a different animal and requires you to approach cooking in a very different way.
I love biscuits. I have a real thing for a biscuits, and if it's not made right, I'm gonna come down hard on somebody.
As kids, my mom would always let us help bake, and if we behaved, we got to lick the beaters clean.
I really loved traveling the U.S. and seeing regional differences within the same country and how the same ingredients are used in very different ways. I love how the 'old guard' of cuisine are still pioneering so much of the direction of food today.
There's always time to date.
I have worked in kitchens since I was 15 years old and never had a break.
The inspiring thing is that people are often more experimental with their desserts than other courses. It allows me to be more creative and excite people.
There are so many restaurants that cook for themselves and think they are different. But it is always about making your guest feel special.
