American,Politician
South Carolina, as a matter of compromise, displays the Confederate flag on a flagpole in front of the state capitol. Because I grew up in the South and believe that the Confederate flag is a very divisive symbol, I have stated publicly a number of times that I believe that South Carolina should remove the flag from the state capitol grounds.
If you want to beat me up, feel free. You cannot beat me up more than I have already beaten up myself.
I want to be a champion for the people I have fought for all my life - regular people.
In 2006, 2 years ago, I made a very serious mistake. A mistake that I am responsible for and no one else. In 2006, I told Elizabeth about the mistake, asked her for her forgiveness, asked God for his forgiveness.
My faith informs everything I think and do. It's part of my value system. And to suggest that I can somehow separate and divorce that from the rest of me is not possible.
In America we believe that every child, no matter where they live, who their family is, or what the color of their skin, is entitled to as good an education as the richest parent in America can give to their children.
I actually defeated an incumbent Republican senator who was part of the Jesse Helm's political machine in North Carolina, the result of which is I'm now the senior senator from North Carolina instead of Jesse Helms, which is a very good thing for this country.
I didn't get to the Senate by accident.
There is so much work to be done to treat gays and lesbians and gay and lesbian couples with the respect that they're entitled to. They deserve, in my judgment, partnership benefits. They deserve to be treated fairly when it comes to adoption and immigration.
The president of the United States actually has to be able to walk and chew gum at the same time.
I think an Edwards-Kerry ticket would be powerful.
This is America, where everything is still possible.
I'd say if you live in the United States of America and you vote for George Bush, you've lost your mind.
The facts are the vice president's company that he was CEO of, that did business with sworn enemies of the United States, paid millions of dollars in fines for providing false financial information, it's under investigation for bribing foreign officials.
The president said that he would unite this country, that he was a uniter, not a divider. Have you ever seen America more divided? Have you ever seen Washington more divided?
I have grown up in the bright light of America.
If we do the work that we can do in this country, the work that we will do when John Kerry is President, people like Christopher Reeve will get up out of that wheelchair and walk again.
I was wrong to vote for this war. Unfortunately, I'll have to live with that forever. And the lesson I learned from it is to put more faith in my own judgment.
I don't think God's through with me.
I'm in love with one woman. I've been in love with one woman for 31 years. She is the finest human being I have ever known.
I was slapped down to the ground when my son Wade died in 1996, in April of 1996.
I'm not sure I had a political career for the future anyway. I'm not sure that politics was what I wanted to spend my life doing.
I'm their sole parent, and there is nothing more important than being the best father I can be.
There's no question that I've done wrong. I take full responsibility for having done wrong. I will regret for the rest of my life the pain and the harm that I've caused to others. But I did not break the law.
I would not, under any circumstances, try to impose my personal faith and belief on the rest of the country. I don't think that's right. I don't think that's appropriate.
There's a lot of America that's Christian. I would not describe us, though, on the whole, as a Christian nation.
