American,Comedian
Most people presume my mustache is not real because it's much darker than my regular hair.
First of all, I wish I could grow a beard.
Publishers, editors, agents all have one thing in common, aside from their love of cocktail parties. It's an incredible taste and an ability to find and nurture authors.
When you think about it, the end of the world is a little bit like death: We all know it's going to come eventually, and as we get older, we feel we see the signs more and more distinctly.
Any time you try to create an Internet meme, automatic fail. That's like the worst thing you can do.
The villain of any story is often the most compelling character.
A lot of my time is spent reading antique or out-of-print books of reference.
My type of humor is me not caring whether people know what I'm talking about or not.
I think that obviously, there is a perverse attraction to a fundamentally changed world or the end of the world. There is a death wish, a perverse death wish. Not just for ourselves, not just for the movie 'Death Wish,' but for the end of all human life.
I actually own a copy of my own book; that's how dedicated I am as an author.
Here's the thing: I am not only a creature of civilization, I'm an asthmatic person. I will only live so long as I have stockpiled the proper inhalers. I'm effectively a cyborg. You know how in Jurassic Park, they bred those dinosaurs with the lysine deficiencies, so if they ever got off the island, they'd die? That's me.
I am not an Internet superstar.
My fame is due to broadcast television.
I am someone who values truth - actual truth as opposed to 'truthiness.'
While I understand that all things must come to an end, whether it's a television advertisement or one's life or the world itself, it doesn't make it any easier to deal with.
Well, I always had this desire to celebrate and somehow be a part of things that I thought were really great.
Comedy does offer an avenue to television and film careers for untelegenic people that great drama does not.
Part of the transaction between writer and reader is the pleasure of building a community and encouraging people to play along.
Everyone wants to write a book. Very few people are able to do it.
People forget how outcast 'They Might Be Giants' can be. They have a reputation for writing really deft, funny, clever melodies, and they also make a lot of music for kids, which is terrific, but when you see them in concert, they can rock the house.
When I listen to music - I don't particularly do it for fun all that much. It's not a big part of my life, and I'm not really on top of what's happening in the world of music in the way I was when I was a teenager.
For a long time, I would write without music, because I thought it was distracting until I appreciated that it actually unlocks a certain unconscious productivity vault in my mind.
In the '80s and '90s, I was really interested in, moved by, exhilarated by, and troubled by rap in all the ways a white person from Brookline, Massachusetts should be. That was music that was making trouble, and it was interesting and provocative trouble.
As you know, the thing that I know the least about is the topic of sports.
Many people, many girls have tried to teach me the rules to football. And you would think that it would get in my head that way, but I just don't understand it.
I know nothing about letting go.
I do not think that a museum needs to engage with pop culture in order to make itself interesting to museumgoers. Museums are already interesting and engaging with pop culture for its own sake is just a quick way to seem and become dated.
As a freelance writer, I'd be asked to become an expert for various magazines on any subject, whether food or wine or history or the life span of veterinarians. I was completely unschooled in any of these things.
