American,Businessman
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
The most important thing for a young man is to establish a credit... a reputation, character.
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
I believe in the dignity of labor, whether with head or hand; that the world owes no man a living but that it owes every man an opportunity to make a living.
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.
The only question with wealth is, what do you do with it?
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it.
There is nothing in this world that can compare with the Christian fellowship; nothing that can satisfy but Christ.
This Sunday School has been of help to me, greater perhaps than any other force in my Christian life, and I can ask no better things for you than that you, and all that shall come after you in this great band of workers for Christ, shall receive the same measure of blessedness which I have been permitted to have.
I would rather earn 1% off a 100 people's efforts than 100% of my own efforts.
And we are never too old to study the Bible. Each time the lessons are studied comes some new meaning, some new thought which will make us better.
It is wrong to assume that men of immense wealth are always happy.
Giving should be entered into in just the same way as investing. Giving is investing.
Competition is a sin.
The ability to deal with people is as purchasable a commodity as sugar or coffee and I will pay more for that ability than for any other under the sun.
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
After it is all over, the religion of man is his most important possession.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty.
Every right implies a responsibility; Every opportunity, an obligation, Every possession, a duty.
We can never learn too much of His will towards us, too much of His messages and His advice. The Bible is His word and its study gives at once the foundation for our faith and an inspiration to battle onward in the fight against the tempter.
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity.
I believe that thrift is essential to well-ordered living.
