American,Journalist
Journalists can get very pompous, especially in the formalized days of 'Meet the Press,' when they took themselves so damned seriously.
Anyone who magnifies the power of a television talk show is very unrealistic.
I don't miss being a priest. The fulfillment factor in matrimony is far greater.
I do put my questions in terms of the sharpest polarities of the issue. But I don't want a preponderance of opinion over factual data.
I'm proud to be associated with the public policies of Richard Nixon.
My position is that of detective, confessor, vaudevillian, advocate. And devil's advocate.
Radio, in a way, is preaching.
There's no substitute for the experience of childbearing or child rearing.
I like good humor.
When faced with economic uncertainty, people don't want freedom. When they can't see their economic future, they want the nanny state.
President Obama took charge of the Oval Office seven years ago. He promised a positive reset in relations with Russia. But with the radioactive poisoning of a British spy in London, the downing of passenger jets over Europe, and the aggressive advances of Russian forces from Ukraine to Syria, President Putin of Russia has rebuked Mr. Obama.
According to the White House, the president's proposed 2016-2017 spending would add - get this - $62 billion to the deficit.
I predict that as warm weather returns to Europe, so will the flood of Middle Eastern immigrants.
Once citadels of free expression and occasional revolutionary ideas, today many American colleges have endorsed political correctness.
Terms such as 'microaggression,' describing an inadvertent act of offense, have entered the college lexicon, empowering an atmosphere of prior restraint on speech. And many colleges are also disinviting speakers in fear of offending certain elements of their student communities.
American colleges are now increasingly reflexive in maintaining politically correct dialogue over controversy, and some say universities have lost sight of education's ultimate purpose.
I predict 2016 will be a year of upheaval and realignment across the world. China's economy will continue to sputter. Commodity exporting countries will suffer. Europe's growth will remain flat-lined. The U.S. will plug along at under 3% growth.
The acquisition of knowledge need not be like listening to the Gregorian chant.
My theory is people say under pressure for the most part what they really mean.
In a confrontational situation, you'll get their gut. And I want their gut! And that's why people watch this show!
Despite the occasional high decibel level, 'The Group' is not a shout fest. I don't simply want panelists with opposing opinions trying to out-shout one another.
What I want is a clash of ideas, not opinions.
I don't want just attitude and loud opinion.
Conflicting views and contrasting ideas are the essence of all great debates throughout history, from the Greeks to the Oxford Union Debating Society. Today, we turn to television for the creative clash of ideas on matters that touch our lives.
Liberals always blame the other guy.
My feeling is talk shows have not kept pace with the breakthroughs and changes in format in television generally.
