American,Clergyman
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda.
There are two kinds of pride, both good and bad. 'Good pride' represents our dignity and self-respect. 'Bad pride' is the deadly sin of superiority that reeks of conceit and arrogance.
A word of encouragement from a teacher to a child can change a life. A word of encouragement from a spouse can save a marriage. A word of encouragement from a leader can inspire a person to reach her potential.
Teamwork makes the dream work, but a vision becomes a nightmare when the leader has a big dream and a bad team.
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision.
Time management is an oxymoron. Time is beyond our control, and the clock keeps ticking regardless of how we lead our lives. Priority management is the answer to maximizing the time we have.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
A minute of thought is greater than an hour of talk.
The difference between average people and achieving people is their perception of and response to failure.
Enjoyment is an incredible energizer to the human spirit.
Growth is the great separator between those who succeed and those who do not. When I see a person beginning to separate themselves from the pack, it's almost always due to personal growth.
Without failure there is no achievement.
The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.
Good leaders must communicate vision clearly, creatively, and continually. However, the vision doesn't come alive until the leader models it.
Your attitude towards failure determines your altitude after failure.
If you are a leader, you should never forget that everyone needs encouragement. And everyone who receives it - young or old, successful or less-than-successful, unknown or famous - is changed by it.
Failed plans should not be interpreted as a failed vision. Visions don't change, they are only refined. Plans rarely stay the same, and are scrapped or adjusted as needed. Be stubborn about the vision, but flexible with your plan.
As a leader, the first person I need to lead is me. The first person that I should try to change is me.
Family and friendships are two of the greatest facilitators of happiness.
The best way a mentor can prepare another leader is to expose him or her to other great people.
Live to learn, and you will really learn to live.
A lack of realism in the vision today costs credibility tomorrow.
All good leaders are connectors. They relate well and make people feel confident about themselves and their leader.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do.
Educators take something simple and make it complicated. Communicators take something complicated and make it simple.
When you are full of pride on the inside, it makes you stiff, stubborn, and creates strife with others.
The best leaders are readers of people. They have the intuitive ability to understand others by discerning how they feel and recognizing what they sense.
I vividly remember a conversation I had many years ago in 1974, which marked a turning point in my leadership journey. I was sitting at a Holiday Inn with my friend, Kurt Campmeyer, when he asked me if I had a personal growth plan. I didn't. In fact, I didn't even know you were supposed to have one.
If you want to reach the top, don't run over others. Likely, the only way you'll reach the top is to be carried there by others.
Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up.
Success comes to those who have an entire mountain of gold that they continually mine, not those who find one nugget and try to live on it for fifty years.
As you get older, time speeds up but life slows down.
We choose what attitudes we have right now. And it's a continuing choice.
Leaders who are kind of insecure or egocentric, they basically sabotage themselves.
For more than a decade, I led an organization that put on an elaborate Christmas program each December. It was a big production, with over 250 people participating in more than 20 performances. By the end of the season, everyone who participated was exhausted.
To remain a credible leader, I must always work first, hardest, and longest on changing myself. This is neither easy nor natural, but it is essential.
Ranking among the greatest Christmas movie classics, 'It's a Wonderful Life' tells a beautiful story about the priceless value of relationships.
Time is more valuable than money, because time is irreplaceable.
Exceptionally hard decisions can deplete your energy to the point at which you finally cave in. If you mentally crumble and degenerate into negative thinking, you'll magnify the problem to the point where it can haunt you.
Look at our society. Everyone wants to be thin, but nobody wants to diet. Everyone wants to live long, but few will exercise. Everybody wants money, yet seldom will anyone budget or control their spending.
When a person starts to talk about their dreams, it's as if something bubbles up from within. Their eyes brighten, their face glows, and you can feel the excitement in their words.
Most people don't like change. They revolt against it unless they can clearly see the advantage it brings. For that reason, when good leaders prepare to take action or make changes, they take people through a process to get them ready for it.
People who add value to others do so intentionally. I say that because to add value, leaders must give of themselves, and that rarely occurs by accident.
We all have done something unethical.
Life can be boring unless you put some effort into it.
If you're lying, you're lying.
Good executives never put off until tomorrow what they can get someone else to do today.
If you are a parent, you have probably already realized that your children are always watching what you do. And just as children watch their parents and emulate their behavior, so do employees who are watching their bosses.
It seems the older you get, the more life comes into focus.
The experience of pain or loss can be a formidably motivating force.
Dividers seek to make themselves look or feel better by making others feel worse. They damage relationships, fracture teams and organizations, and create havoc in people's lives.
You will never fulfill your destiny doing work you despise.
Positional leaders ignore the fact that every person has hopes, dreams, desires, and goals of his own. And leaders must bring their vision and the aspirations of the people they lead together in a way that benefits everyone.
One of the roles of the Presidency is to lead a political party. Having a President in office is usually a huge advantage to a party because it gives the party a mouthpiece and an advocate at the highest level.
Talent grips us. We are overtaken by the beauty of Michelangelo's sculpture, riveted by Mariah Carey's angelic voice, doubled over in laughter by the comedy of Robin Williams, and captivated by the on screen performances of Denzel Washington.
How do leaders serve their people? They may pay good wages and treat employees with respect.
The most talented do not always end up as celebrities, and those with less talent often do. Upsets are written into our history and occur around us every day.
Whenever a high-profile leader dies, people immediately attempt to summarize that person's life in a sentence. Often, critics and commentators get caught up looking at the leader's style, or which political or philosophical camp they represented.
