American,Musician
When you live on the road, going home is a place to escape and just be with your family to unwind.
I don't care what people think or say about me, I know who I am.
You laugh at me because I'm different, I laugh at you because you're all the same.
The music industry can make you feel like a prostitute.
Real friends stab you in the front.
When I listen to music, I don't want to hear about flowers. I like death and destruction.
I'm a human being and every human being has problems.
I've been a fan of electronic music since the beginning.
I don't like painting flowers in my music. I like painting guts and pain.
Every day I've got to hear about unemployment and people starving.
Issues deals with the issues I had, the fears I had and it isn't a 'nice' album but fears and depressions are not particularly nice.
Some people are desperately looking for scapegoats, they just don't want to see the truth!
Be yourself, let you come through.
It's really cool to see glowsticks at the show, to see dance music culture infiltrating and becoming one with the metal community.
The kids out there want something they can relate to, something that's real; most of that whiny stuff isn't real. The cheesy pop songs just bore me to death.
The fans have been really incredible everywhere we've been. You want to make sure you put on the best concert of your life to show them how appreciative you are.
People die from typewriters falling on their heads.
I like reading Ball Tongue lyrics and all that stuff. And they published a book, and I wouldn't give my lyrics, and it's all wrong in the book, and I giggle. It's funny.
We're not trying to change the world; just music.
I don't know the true meaning of happiness.
A lot of people don't realize that depression is an illness. I don't wish it on anyone, but if they would know how it feels, I swear they would think twice before they just shrug it.
It is quite annoying that we have to change the sound we invented just to avoid sounding like people who simply copy us, but... it is flattering and of course challenging.
I don't believe in organized religion - I dealt with them hand in hand, and a whole bunch of Catholic priests tried to molest me. Telling me I was gay and I should go home with them and stuff.
Sometimes I go out disguised, but people still recognize me, so I find there is no point in even trying. It would be nice to get away from it, from time to time, but the fact is, there is no place on earth where I can go unrecognized.
At first I was queasy; I'll never forget the sound of the scalpel cutting a body open. But it was so cool trying to work out how these people died.
I'm a big rock star, I got a beautiful girl, and they still call me a fag. Its' like high school never ends - the jocks are always on top.
