American,Actor
There's something really appealing about the simplicity of black-and-white images.
The spiral in a snail's shell is the same mathematically as the spiral in the Milky Way galaxy, and it's also the same mathematically as the spirals in our DNA. It's the same ratio that you'll find in very basic music that transcends cultures all over the world.
Every day I've got to be thankful that I am alive, and you never know - the cliche is, I guess, you could get hit by a bus tomorrow, so you'd better be at peace with whatever you got going at the moment.
It's less about what you do and more about who you are doing it with.
I think some of the best actors ever were little kids.
My dad never blew anything up, but he probably had friends who did. He and my mom have always preached that the pen is mightier than a Molotov cocktail.
Even today, in our progressive times, in most movies that come out, the men have to have biceps and the women have to be thin or something.
The most valiant thing you can do as an artist is inspire someone else to be creative.
Hollywood has the idea that movies have to be dumb. But especially movies for or about teenagers have to be really dumb!
Celebrity doesn't have anything to do with art or craft. It's about being rich and thinking that you're better than everybody else.
I was studying for the SAT's and learning lines.
When I started editing on my home computer, I said to myself, 'Well, I could be at home studying for a class or I could be at home editing a video.'
Storytelling in general is a communal act. Throughout human history, people would gather around, whether by the fire or at a tavern, and tell stories. One person would chime in, then another, maybe someone would repeat a story they heard already but with a different spin. It's a collective process.
Normally you read a screenplay - and I read a lot of them - and the characters don't feel like people. They feel like plot devices or cliches or stereotypes.
As soon as you are trying to be funny or dramatic, that's when things start feeling fake and boring.
There's no royalty in America, so people deify actors.
When I was a teenager, if anyone recognized me for anything I did, it would ruin my day. I couldn't handle it. It was some sort of neurotic phobia. I guess I was paranoid that people would treat me differently, or in an unfair way, because of my job.
Most scripts are bad. I read a lot of them.
I was such a big Dustin Hoffman fan when I was young.
If you're going to put yourself above everybody else, you might end up alone.
I was just watching baby videos of me and I was obviously an exhibitionist.
When I was a teenager I loved acting, but I really just loved it for myself. I didn't like the fact that anyone else saw the work I was doing. When I moved to New York, I started to realize that I wanted people to see the stuff that I was doing, and I wanted it to mean something to them.
Ummm... well, the only thing I want to do is stuff with people who care about what they're doing, which sounds obvious, but it's really not.
Actors didn't use to be celebrities. A hundred years ago, they put the theaters next to the brothels.
To me, a sex scene in a movie generally means a gratuitous scene that doesn't serve the story but gives a kind of excuse - we've got these two actors, we want to see them naked, so let's bring in the music and the soft light.
The only thing I want to do is stuff with people who care about what they're doing.
I hate cars.
The thing about Occupy is that the sentiment the movement embodies is timeless: Don't be greedy, share.
I think the dual existence thing is a regular pastime for all human beings, and for that matter anything in this universe.
My personal belief is that everything is always happening all at once.
I mean, movies in general tend to sort of portray time, space and identity as these very solid things. Time moves forward. Space is what it is. You are you, and you're always you.
I stopped getting nervous a long time ago, so any time I do get nervous, which is rare - about work, anyway - I always take that as a really good sign.
Press is basically a created story. It's all just stories.
I just like to do work that inspires me, and I don't pay any attention to whether it's a high- or low-budget movie.
I never intended to only do dark, serious things.
There's an absolute prejudice that good movies are dramas and comedies are more dismissable. But I couldn't disagree more.
Comedy takes a very specific technique, specific skills.
Sometimes what someone else does is really not what you expected them to do, which to be honest, sometimes doesn't work.
On some level, we as human beings can be who we want to be.
I would like to do a musical, if I could find a cool one. A song-and-dance role is closer to me personally than other characters I play.
Making checklists of things you're looking for in a person is the numero uno thing you can do to guarantee you'll be alone forever.
The career stuff is for business people.
