American,Businessman
Some memories are unforgettable, remaining ever vivid and heartwarming!
You can find peace amidst the storms that threaten you.
The more often we see the things around us - even the beautiful and wonderful things - the more they become invisible to us. That is why we often take for granted the beauty of this world: the flowers, the trees, the birds, the clouds - even those we love. Because we see things so often, we see them less and less.
Sometimes we should express our gratitude for the small and simple things like the scent of the rain, the taste of your favorite food, or the sound of a loved one's voice.
As with the butterfly, adversity is necessary to build character in people.
Those who stand at the threshold of life always waiting for the right time to change are like the man who stands at the bank of a river waiting for the water to pass so he can cross on dry land.
Honesty is of God and dishonesty of the devil; the devil was a liar from the beginning.
Desire, burning desire, is basic to achieving anything beyond the ordinary.
To me, integrity means always doing what is right and good, regardless of the immediate consequences. It means being righteous from the very depth of our soul, not only in our actions but, more importantly, in our thoughts and in our hearts.
In spite of discouragement and adversity, those who are happiest seem to have a way of learning from difficult times, becoming stronger, wiser and happier as a result.
There is no limit to the potential of brethren working together in complete brotherhood and selflessness toward spiritual goals. The power of God working through such channels will bring unimaginable blessings to all concerned.
I give thanks to my Creator for this wonderful life where each of us has the opportunity to learn lessons we could not fully comprehend by any other means.
Most of us don't mind doing what we ought to do when it doesn't interfere with what we want to do, but it takes discipline and maturity to do what we ought to do whether we want to or not.
Kindness is a passport that opens doors and fashions friends. It softens hearts and molds relationships that can last lifetimes.
The true greatness of a person, in my view, is evident in the way he or she treats those with whom courtesy and kindness are not required.
Great leaders communicate a vision that captures the imagination and fires the hearts and minds of those around them.
I know that each of us has much to do. Sometimes we feel overwhelmed by the tasks we face. But if we keep our priorities in order, we can accomplish all that we should. We can endure to the end regardless of temptations, problems, and challenges.
True love lasts forever.
Men and women who decide to flirt with adultery just once can become enmeshed in misery and unhappiness for themselves and their precious families.
Perseverance is a positive, active characteristic.
Valued companionships begin with a personal commitment to be an exemplary companion.
Kindness is the essence of greatness and the fundamental characteristic of the noblest men and women I have known.
Many of the most important and life-changing moments of my life occurred when I was a young man. The lessons I learned then formed my character and shaped my destiny.
We have no middle ground, no foggy gray area where we can sin a little without suffering spiritual decline. That is why we must repent and come to Christ daily on submissive knees so that we can prevent our bonfires of testimony from being snuffed out by sin.
Each minute is a little thing, and yet, with respect to our personal productivity, to manage the minute is the secret of success.
Lying, stealing, and cheating are commonplace.
Our computers have become windows through which we can gaze upon a world that is virtually without horizons or boundaries.
My father was truly a great man. I remember one day putting my feet in my father's shoes. I was amazed at the size. Would I ever be big enough to fill his shoes? Could I ever grow into the man my father was? I wondered.
Missionaries labor diligently to teach and baptize those who accept the gospel. In the process, their own testimonies become deeply rooted.
Our families should gather for family prayer morning and night.
Many years ago, large packs of wolves roamed the countryside in Ukraine, making travel in that part of the world very dangerous. These wolf packs were fearless. They were not intimidated by people nor by any of the weapons available at that time. The only thing that seemed to frighten them was fire.
Some people are weak in their faith and testimonies but are not even aware of how precarious their situation is. Many of them likely would be offended at the suggestion.
I urge you children to be patient with your parents. If they seem to be out of touch on such vital issues as dating, clothing styles, modern music, and use of family cars, listen to them anyway. They have the experience that you lack.
As parents know, little children are, by their nature, without guile. They speak the thoughts of their minds without reservation or hesitance as we have learned as parents when they embarrass us at times. They do not deceive. They set an example of being without guile.
Priesthood quorums teach and assist their members to attain good health, financial stability, and a year's supply of food and clothing. They also teach their members to be self-reliant and to give their time, talents, and means in behalf of the Church, community, and needy.
The Savior encouraged brotherhood. He was not a long-distance leader. He walked and worked with those whom he led. He was not afraid of close friendships. He spent many hours with his disciples, and his relationships with them were intimate.
William McKinley Oswald was my high school football coach. He was a great coach and had a profound influence on my life. But I think he could have learned his method of motivating players from an army drill sergeant.
Even when we make mistakes, we hope others will love us in spite of our shortcomings - even if we don't deserve it.
A testimony of the truth of the gospel does not come the same way to all people. Some receive it in a unique, life-changing experience. Others gain a testimony slowly, almost imperceptibly until, one day, they simply know.
Average leaders inspire people to punch a time clock. Great leaders inspire industry and passion.
Though our trials are diverse, there is one thing the Lord expects of us no matter our difficulties and sorrows: He expects us to press on.
Prophets have no other purpose, no other mission except to serve God.
Marathon runners set explicit goals.
We are commanded to seek out those who are lost. We are to be our brother's keeper.
Some carry the burden of bitterness and resentfulness for many years.
Much of the Netherlands lies considerably below sea level, as you well know. Through the process of building dikes to wall out the salty sea and through pumping the water into canals, the country of the ingenious, resourceful, and doughty Dutch has literally been born of the sea.
I remember the first time I met my wife, Elisa. As a favor to a friend, I had gone to her home to pick up her sister, Frances. Elisa opened the door, and at least for me, it was love at first sight.
Charity can be the outward expression of faith and hope.
We don't have to be perfect today. We don't have to be better than someone else. All we have to do is to be the very best we can.
A computer can be a useful and indispensable tool. But if we allow it to devour our time with vain, unproductive, and sometimes destructive pursuits, it becomes an entangling net.
Parents should plant deeply the seed of the work ethic into the hearts and habits of their children.
Our prayers can and should be focused on the practical, everyday struggles of life.
Modern medicine uses imaging 'windows' such as magnetic resonance imaging scanners to bring into view otherwise unseen vital information that skilled physicians can use for the benefit of their patients.
Young people should ponder over problems that might confront them and be prepared to cope with them in a way that their parents, their leaders, and their Heavenly Father would have them cope, that they might keep themselves clean and pure.
In some respects, progressing through life is like running a marathon.
We have at our fingertips information that 500 years ago would have made the poorest man a prince.
If we become ill, modern medicine can work healing miracles.
I have known exceptional people who have endured severe trials while others, at least on the surface, seem to have lived charmed lives.
Knowledge is very important and one of the few things that accompanies us into the next life.
The responsibility to do missionary work rests with every member of the Church.
Pride and vanity, the opposites of humility, can destroy our spiritual health as surely as a debilitating disease can destroy our physical health.
The people who misuse the Sabbath lose the blessings of spiritual food and growth promised to those who keep this commandment.
We observe that in the scriptures, fasting almost always is linked with prayer. Without prayer, fasting is not complete fasting; it's simply going hungry.
Immorality, violence, and divorce, with their accompanying sorrows, plague society worldwide.
As an Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ, I testify to you this day that the time will come when every one of us will look into the Savior's loving eyes.
Sometimes we make the process more complicated than we need to. We will never make a journey of a thousand miles by fretting about how long it will take or how hard it will be. We make the journey by taking each day step by step and then repeating it again and again until we reach our destination.
Great sculptors and artists spend countless hours perfecting their talents. They don't pick up a chisel or a brush and palette, expecting immediate perfection. They understand that they will make many errors as they learn, but they start with the basics, the key fundamentals first.
Some feel as though the world is their oyster; others feel as though they were the oyster itself, plucked from the ocean, cracked open, and robbed of all that is precious to them.
Yes, education is the catalyst that will hone and sharpen our talents, skills, and abilities and cause them to blossom.
I loved my mission in Switzerland and Germany. As I left on the train from Basel, Switzerland, tears flowed down my cheeks because I knew then that my full-time service in the Church had ended.
The word 'seek' means to go in search of, try to discover, try to acquire. It requires an active, assertive approach to life.
The more sin is rationalized, the greater the possibility of destruction by Satan's wolves.
At the final day, the Savior will not ask about the nature of our callings. He will not inquire about our material possessions or fame. He will ask if we ministered to the sick, gave food and drink to the hungry, visited those in prison, or gave succor to the weak.
Some pass their days as though suffering a deep sadness they cannot name. Others are unhappy because life didn't turn out the way they thought it would.
The consequences of ignoring the Lord and His prophets are certain and often accompanied by great sorrow and regret.
In the scriptures, 'peace' means either freedom from strife, contention, conflict, or war, or an inner calm and comfort born of the Spirit that is a gift of God to all of his children, an assurance and serenity within a person's heart.
Financial problems cause distress and loss of self-respect.
The light from the sun breaks through space, bathing our planet as it encircles the sun with life-giving warmth and light. Without the sun, there could be no life on this planet; it would be forever barren, cold, and dark.
The Holy Ghost will warn us of danger, and it will inspire us to help others in need.
My mother was a very positive thinker; she was always active, always doing something good.
The spiritual self of each of us is that part of us that will never grow old, or ill, or die, but it must be nurtured and invigorated!
This I have observed: There are no language barriers in the Church. There is a mighty power that transcends the power of messages conveyed by words alone, and this is the power of messages communicated by the Spirit to our hearts.
When we are baptized and confirmed, when brethren are ordained to the priesthood, when we go to the temple and receive our endowment, when we enter into the new and everlasting covenant of eternal marriage - in all these sacred ordinances, we make solemn commitments to keep God's commandments.
Telescopes and microscopes bring to our view the otherwise unseen and unknown.
In the lonely hours, I have spent a great deal of time thinking about eternal things. I have contemplated the comforting doctrines of eternal life.
Some of the choicest blessings of my life have been the close friendships I have experienced over the years. Often, these friendships have been forged in the fires of shared experience.
Dates that come around every year help us measure progress in our lives. One annual event, New Year's Day, is a time of reflection and resolution.
The Resurrection is at the core of our beliefs as Christians. Without it, our faith is meaningless.
All too often, lotteries only add to the problem of the financially disadvantaged by taking money from them and giving nothing of value in return.
Mortal experiences give us the opportunity to assess what we are doing with our lives.
The Lord is well aware of our mortality. He knows our weaknesses. He understands the challenges of our everyday lives. He has great empathy for the temptations of earthly appetites and passions.
When we reach out to assist the least of Heavenly Father's children, we do it unto Him. That is the essence of the gospel of Jesus Christ.
Oh, it is wonderful to know that our Heavenly Father loves us - even with all our flaws! His love is such that even should we give up on ourselves, He never will.
We see ourselves in terms of yesterday and today. Our Heavenly Father sees us in terms of forever.
Although we might settle for less, Heavenly Father won't, for he sees us as the glorious beings we are capable of becoming.
Patience with family members and others who are close to us is vital for us to have happy homes.
Anything that does not draw us closer to God takes us away from Him.
Life will continue on the other side of the veil.
Not even death can take us from the eternal blessings promised by a loving Heavenly Father.
In my early teens, I was a janitor. In high school, I got up early to deliver to accounts that required early service.
The next time you're tempted to groan, you might try to laugh instead.
The Lord did not people the earth with a vibrant orchestra of personalities only to value the piccolos of the world. Every instrument is precious and adds to the complex beauty of the symphony.
Think of how dark that Friday was when Christ was lifted up on the cross... It was a Friday filled with devastating, consuming sorrow that gnawed at the souls of those who loved and honored the Son of God.
God's commandments are not given to limit or punish us.
The most cherished and sacred moments of our lives are those filled with the spirit of love.
We are all busy. It's easy to find excuses for not reaching out to others, but I imagine they will sound as hollow to our Heavenly Father as the elementary school boy who gave his teacher a note asking that he be excused from school March 30th through the 34th.
We will all rise from the grave.
What people think and believe and plan are all very important, but what they do is the thing that counts most.
Every day carries with it a responsibility.
Some of the happiest people I know have none of the things the world insists are necessary for satisfaction and joy.
We've all met those who seem to radiate happiness. They seem to smile more than others; they laugh more than others - just being around them makes us happier as well.
Nets are generally defined as devices for capturing something. In a more narrow but more important sense, we might define a net as anything that entices or prevents us from following the call of Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God.
Some have been ensnared in the net of excessive debt. The net of interest holds them fast, requiring them to sell their time and energies to meet the demands of creditors. They surrender their freedom, becoming slaves to their own extravagance.
We can easily get our lives out of balance.
There is something about prosperity that brings out the worst in some people.
Prosperity often leads to pride, which leads to sin.
Sin leads to wickedness and to hearts that become hardened to things of the Spirit.
Having received the Spirit of Christ to know good from evil, we should always choose the good.
Integrity, a firm adherence to the highest moral and ethical standards, is essential to the life of a true Latter-day Saint.
While we yearn for peace, we live in a world burdened with hunger, pain, anguish, loneliness, sickness, and sorrow.
Wayward, disobedient children cause their parents grief and anxiety.
The Holy Ghost is a personage of Spirit: a separate and distinct member of the Godhead.
The gift of the Holy Ghost, which is the right to receive the Holy Ghost as a constant companion, is obtained only upon condition of faith in Christ, repentance, baptism by immersion, and the laying on of hands by authorized servants endowed with the Melchizedek Priesthood.
Through the Prophet Joseph Smith, the Lord has established His Church once again among men.
Fast offerings are used for one purpose only: to bless the lives of those in need.
I don't know whether we Church members fully appreciate the Book of Mormon, one of our sacred scriptures, as we really should.
The Lord, Jesus Christ, is our perfect example of patience.
Husbands, be patient with your wives; and wives, be patient with your husbands. Don't expect perfection. Find agreeable ways to work out the differences that arise.
When the Savior Himself was born, there were troubled times.
The Prophet Joseph Smith lived in troubled times.
The gospel of Jesus Christ is not a religion of mourning and gloom.
Too many sit at the banquet table of the gospel of Jesus Christ and merely nibble at the feast placed before them. They go through the motions - attending their meetings perhaps, glancing at scriptures, repeating familiar prayers - but their hearts are far away.
No matter our age, circumstances, or abilities, each one of us can create something remarkable of his life.
My beloved Elisa, my companion and wife, whom I love and revere, is one of the most noble of our Heavenly Father's handmaidens.
I love the German and the Swiss people for their many fine traits of character. I love their language that is so exacting and yet so expressive.
Bookstore operators tell us that the books which head the bestseller list are books on peace and happiness.
My own great-grandfather suffered so much from asthma that he had to walk a mile or two behind the covered wagons crossing the plains to avoid the dust. However, he always arrived at his destination and did his share of the work.
As society has shifted from an agrarian to an urban structure, the joy and necessity of diligent, hard work have been neglected.
Every person on the earth today lived at one time in heavenly realms. We walked with our Heavenly Father. We knew Him. We heard His voice. We loved Him.
There are many reasons our prayers may lack power. Sometimes they become routine. Our prayers become hollow when we say similar words in similar ways over and over so often that the words become more of a recitation than a communication.
The Spirit is as operative today in communicating the gospel to all who seek the truth as it was on the day of Pentecost anciently.
President Benson's mighty influence is felt in many ways. His timely and inspired counsel to read the precious Book of Mormon brought an added appreciation of this sacred scripture to all who followed his direction.
Some people erroneously believe that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and its members are not Christian. We have difficulty understanding why anyone could accept and promote an idea that is so far from the truth.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints bears His name. He stands at its head and directs it through His chosen prophets.
Why must we love the Lord? Because as we do so, we become refined, pure, and holy.
Look at every Zion society from ancient times to present, and you find at its center love for others.
Yes, the fullness of the gospel is a pearl of great price worth any effort.
For each human being, time is a necessary resource. It can neither be ignored nor changed.
Our bodies are truly the result of what we eat, what we think about, and the exercise we receive. If we are not wise, these little things can soon cause major health problems that will limit our success and ability to serve.
Inordinate desire for material possessions can become an obsession that consumes our thoughts, drains our resources, and leads to unhappiness.
Sadly, many in our world today encourage idleness, especially in the form of mindless, inane entertainment that is on the Internet, on television, and in computer games.
Born of a noble father and a saintly mother, President Hinckley learned as a young boy the truths of the restored gospel from his faithful parents. He came to respect deeply and value highly his pioneer heritage.
The gospel of Jesus Christ is more enduring than fame, more precious than riches, more to be desired than happiness.
A worldwide web of electronic connections now moves data at ever-increasing speed and volume along what we call the information superhighway.
During my life I have heard many sermons on the Resurrection. I can recite the events of that first Easter Sunday. I have marked in my scriptures passages regarding the Resurrection.
God wants us to serve willingly and obediently.
Gauchos are like cowboys in the United States.
As you grow and mature, you will want and will earn more freedom to live your lives your way and to make your own choices. This you should do.
Home teaching is an excellent preparation for missionary service.
When I was a deacon, the ominous signs of the Great Depression began to appear. Tens of thousands lost their jobs. Money was scarce. Families had to do without. Some young people did not ask their mothers, 'What's for dinner?' because they knew all too well that their cupboards held very little.
My parents were hardworking. They made every penny stretch as far as possible. That was probably the major reason everything they gave me was always two or three sizes too large.
Prior to high school, I played a lot of neighborhood football.
We cannot have the fruits of the gospel without its roots.
The Godhead consists of three separate, distinct personages who are one in purpose. The Father and the Son have tangible bodies of flesh and bone while the Holy Ghost is a personage of spirit.
God truly is our Father, the Father of the spirits of all mankind. We are his literal offspring and are formed in his image. We have inherited divine characteristics from him.
A sure indicator of true religion is a concern for the poor of the earth.
Expressions of solemn testimony have long been important to the children of God upon the earth.
Logic itself affirms that a loving Heavenly Father would not abandon His children without providing a way for them to learn of Him.
Wherever I go throughout the world - no matter the language, no matter the culture - I thrill to hear the testimonies of the Saints.
Relatively mild gusts of wind blow some trees down. Graceful palm trees, for example, are lovely to look at but will not stand up in a heavy wind because they are not well anchored.
Jesus Christ is infinitely more than a great teacher and philosopher.
Duty is too often what one expects from others and not what one does.
Those who make happiness the chief objective of life are bound to fail, for happiness is a by-product rather than an end in itself.
Joseph Smith was true to his calling and fulfilled his duty even in the face of severe persecution and great personal sacrifice.
Mortality is very brief but immeasurably important.
Seeing life from an eternal perspective helps us focus our limited mortal energies on the things that matter most.
As we progress and become more like the Savior, we can strengthen every group with whom we associate, including families and friends.
Joining a new church and starting a new life is never easy and often frightening.
If we seek things that are virtuous and lovely, we surely will find them. Conversely, if we seek for evil, we will find that also.
Though we live in the world, we must not be of the world.
You can get people to work by using threats or by promising rewards.
Sin may result from activities that begin innocently or that are perfectly legitimate in moderation, but in excess they can cause us to veer from the straight and narrow path to our destruction.
Many of us enjoy going to ball games and watching them on television. I am no exception. I love to watch a good athletic contest. If we spend excessive time with sporting events, however, we may neglect things that are much more important.
Pondering, which means to weigh mentally, to deliberate, to meditate, can achieve the opening of the spiritual eyes of one's understanding.
All evils to which so many become addicted begin in the mind and in the way one thinks.
Experience teaches that when the will and imagination are in conflict, the imagination usually wins. What we imagine may defeat our reason and make us slaves to what we taste, see, hear, smell, and feel in the mind's eye. The body is indeed the servant of the mind.
If Satan can weaken or destroy the loving relationships among members of families, he can cause more misery and more unhappiness for more people than he could in any other way.
Building our homes as fortresses of righteousness for protection from the world takes constant labor and diligence.
Often, parents feel overwhelmed. Many must accomplish the whole job single-handedly while bearing all of the emotional pain of divorce.
Many run primarily for the exercise, but others run to condition themselves for well-publicized races of various distances.
The ideal course of life is not always easy.
Too often today, we do not rely on faith so much as on our own ability to reason and solve problems.
Often what passes for faith in this world is little more than gullibility.
The Gospels record that nearly everywhere the Savior went, He was surrounded by multitudes of people. Some hoped that He would heal them; others came to hear Him speak. Others came for practical advice. Toward the end of His mortal ministry, some came to mock and ridicule Him and to clamor for His crucifixion.
Remember this: debt is a form of bondage. It is a financial termite.
When we make purchases on credit, they give us only an illusion of prosperity.
We think we own things, but the reality is, our things own us.
You are stronger than you think.
The living prophet and the apostles today are as lighthouses in the storm. Steer towards the light of the restored gospel and the inspired teachings of those who represent the Lord on earth.
We should always be learning. However, we must be careful not to set aside our faith in the process, because faith actually enhances our ability to learn.
In my younger days, I loved to run. Although it may be hard for you to believe it, I did. And I did win a few races.
Today is the day of decision.
Each night before I go to bed, I take out a small card and write a list of the things I need to do the next day in order of their priority.
For me, the Lord has opened the windows of heaven and showered blessings upon my family beyond my ability to express.
How can we love days that are filled with sorrow? We can't - at least not in the moment.
The next time you're tempted to groan, you might try to laugh instead. It will extend your life and make the lives of all those around you more enjoyable.
You may feel singled out when adversity enters your life. You shake your head and wonder, 'Why me?'
There is no substitute for kindness in the home. This lesson I learned from my father. He always listened to my mother's advice. As a result, he was a better, wiser, and kinder man.
The birth of the Savior into mortality is an event of immeasurable significance that occurred almost 2,000 years ago. In much of the world, calendar years are numbered forward and backward from the entire time of His birth.
We do not know the precise time of the Second Coming of the Savior, but we do know that we are living in the latter days and are closer to the Second Coming than when the Savior lived his mortal life in the meridian of time.
For individuals to become fully active in the Church, they generally must experience a spiritual conversion and a social integration.
The Lord has promised great rewards for those who reach out to strengthen their brothers and sisters.
Everyone has wondered if his or her life will ultimately be a happy one.
'Success' is a seductive word. Thousands of books have been written on the subject. They promise money, freedom, leisure, and luxury.
Work is therapy for the soul.
The sweet companionship of eternal marriage is one of the greatest blessings God has granted to His children.
The compassion of Christlike friends deeply touches and changes our lives.
To beguile is to deceive or lead astray, as Lucifer beguiled Eve in the Garden of Eden.
Priesthood lessons are regularly devoted to topics of family leadership, and quorum leaders everywhere are feeling more and more their responsibility to teach and train their quorum members to be better husbands and fathers.
At a very early age and continuing throughout my life, I have marveled at the beautiful story of the birth of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Perfection is worth striving for, even if it is ultimately unattainable in this life.
There was never any doubt of Christ's priorities.
When some people have a difficult job to do, they give up everything else until that job is finished. Others just give up.
We have numerous examples of perseverance in the scriptures, in secular history, and in our own experiences.
Perhaps the best-known Old Testament example of perseverance is the story of Job.
Indeed, the world is a better place because there was such a leader as President Gordon B. Hinckley.
President Eyring is a wise, learned, and spiritual man.
I remember when I was young, there was an older boy who was physically and mentally disabled. He had a speech impediment and walked with difficulty. The boys used to make fun of him. They teased and taunted him until sometimes he would cry.
Many feel discouraged because they have not measured up to their potential.
My parents taught me to react quickly when temptation comes and to say 'No!' instantly and emphatically. I recommend that same counsel to you. Avoid temptations.
In the first century A.D., members of the growing Church in Corinth were enthusiastic about the gospel. Almost all were recent converts to the Church. Many were attracted to it through the preaching of the Apostle Paul and others.
