American,Businessman
What I learned from 9/11 that is really important, first and foremost, you have to motivate all the workers and understand that they've left their families to help clean up a pretty awful situation. Every time you have an emergency management situation, it's all about teamwork.
The bracelet says 'Fear Nothing.' It was given to me by my friends, and it was made for me and my friends during the period of time that I was going through chemotherapy. And I still wear it, because it's a great reminder of friendship and how my buddies and others came together in my time of need.
Margaret Thatcher was a 20th century visionary who understood the power of individual freedom versus the tyranny of government collectivism. She was a loyal supporter and friend of the United States and her terms as prime minister were marked as the beginning of the resurgence of the economy of the United Kingdom.
People should be respected for the strength of their convictions, and I also believe in freedom of expression.
I cannot be separated from Rudy Giuliani, but I am also not Rudy Giuliani.
There is no reason for anybody to have an assault weapon.
I have voted for a Republican for president ever since I was voting and since I was 18 years old.
New York is in my DNA.
I'm never surprised by the insensitivity of 'The New York Times' editorial board.
I do fear God, but I will also tell you that when a doctor diagnoses you and the word 'cancer' comes out of his mouth, at that point, it changes your life and you do fear less and it also has allowed me to be a lot more open as a person. It's changed me.
The mayor of New York is the chief executive of the city. It is a complex organization and it requires the requisite skills to understand how to be the leader of the people and manage the government of N.Y.
Mayors of New York have been elected not because of their party label, but because of their philosophy and their approach overall, and that has been since time immemoriam in New York, that people are not party-oriented in New York.
This idea of tying me to Giuliani is quite unique. I know Rudy Giuliani. I like Rudy Giuliani. I worked with him during his administration. But we're completely different people.
The 'Libertarian' thing was a mistake on my part for saying it, but I am.
I was involved in some of the very first meetings that created the maps that showed what would happen if you had a Category 1, 2 or 3 hurricane in New York.
Everybody knows I return all of my phone calls. I pick up my cell phone myself, much to the chagrin of my staff.
I don't think the Port Authority does a good enough job in anything that they do, quite honestly, but clearly in the area of security. Those cops get paid more than N.Y.P.D. cops, and quite honestly - I know I'm going to get into trouble for saying this - they're nothing more than mall cops.
I have gone to Albany constantly in my capacity as budget director, because I don't think the way the transit authority works with the City of New York is very appropriate.
My best quality is that I talk to everyone. My worst quality is that I talk to everyone.
I was involved as deputy mayor in New York City on 9/11.
