American,Comedian
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory.
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
The wheel that squeaks the loudest is the one that gets the grease.
Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope.
Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense.
Life is short, but it's long enough to ruin any man who wants to be ruined.
In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us.
There are two things in life for which we are never truly prepared: twins.
A puppy plays with every pup he meets, but an old dog has few associates.
Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place.
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
The road to ruin is always in good repair, and the travellers pay the expense of it.
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there.
One of the rarest things that a man ever does, is to do the best he can.
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.
Honesty is the rarest wealth anyone can possess, and yet all the honesty in the world ain't lawful tender for a loaf of bread.
Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it.
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing.
Be kind to your mother-in-law, but pay for her board at some good hotel.
One of the best temporary cures for pride and affectation is seasickness; a man who wants to vomit never puts on airs.
There are some people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
Money will buy a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail.
The best medicine I know for rheumatism is to thank the Lord that it ain't gout.
I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry.
Reason often makes mistakes, but conscience never does.
I have lived in this world just long enough to look carefully the second time into things that I am most certain of the first time.
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves.
Advice is like castor oil, easy enough to give but dreadful uneasy to take.
It is much easier to repent of sins that we have committed than to repent of those that we intend to commit.
Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven; confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
If a man should happen to reach perfection in this world, he would have to die immediately to enjoy himself.
Most people when they come to you for advice, come to have their own opinions strengthened, not corrected.
The thinner the ice, the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear.
I have never known a person to live to be one hundred and be remarkable for anything else.
If there was no faith there would be no living in this world. We could not even eat hash with any safety.
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed.
Take all the fools out of this world and there wouldn't be any fun living in it, or profit.
Threescore years and ten is enough; if a man can't suffer all the misery he wants in that time, he must be numb.
I haven't got as much money as some folks, but I've got as much impudence as any of them, and that's the next thing to money.
Don't ever prophesy; for if you prophesy wrong, nobody will forget it; and if you prophesy right, nobody will remember it.
Most people repent their sins by thanking God they ain't so wicked as their neighbors.
It's not only the most difficult thing to know one's self, but the most inconvenient.
The man whose only pleasure in life is making money, weighs less on the moral scale than an angleworm.
Man was created a little lower than the angels and has been getting a little lower ever since.
It is a very delicate job to forgive a man, without lowering him in his own estimation, and yours too.
It ain't often that a man's reputation outlasts his money.
About the only difference between the poor and the rich, is this, the poor suffer misery, while the rich have to enjoy it.
There are people who are always anticipating trouble, and in this way they manage to enjoy many sorrows that never really happen to them.
Woman's influence is powerful, especially when she wants something.
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go.
As a general thing, when a woman wears the pants in a family, she has a good right to them.
