American,Actress
To manifest your hearts desires you must be what your heart desires.
People desire to separate their worlds into polarities of dark and light, ugly and beautiful, good and evil, right and wrong, inside and outside. Polarities serve us in our learning and growth, but as souls we are all.
Don't let anything stand in the way of you claiming and manifesting the life that you choose rather than the life you have by default.
Information can bring you choices and choices bring power - educate yourself about your options and choices. Never remain in the dark of ignorance.
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be.
You are all things. Denying, rejecting, judging or hiding from any aspect of your total being creates pain and results in a lack of wholeness.
If every year is a marble, how many marbles do you have left? How many sunrises, how many opportunities to rise to the full stature of your being?
Your inner knowing is your only true compass.
You may not seem able to change some outer circumstances but you can start by changing your inner experience of life and yourself.
Sometimes all it takes to change a life is to decide which beliefs do not serve you and to literally change your mind about those beliefs.
Choose beliefs that serve your soul - choose beliefs that serve the grander dream of who you choose to be.
Instead of focusing on that circumstances that you cannot change - focus strongly and powerfully on the circumstances that you can.
You manifest based on who you are already - so you must own the identity of the dream in order to manifest it.
Fear is your greatest obstacle - so question your fear. If it does not serve your greatest life then do not make it your master.
Freewill means that the Universe never judges, never interferes with your own choices - and sees you as a being of equal creative power.
You are the God-being that is here to create life, to breathe soul into your body, to walk this world as your own source of power, love, worth and life.
After an eternity of seeking the sudden threshold of seeing and finding leaves one filled with a strange paradox of ecstasy and grief. I was born to see.
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you can choose to be.
