American,Musician
As you know, the business is cyclic with styles. It's no different from clothing styles.
There's also, I think more so in the music business and especially for women, this ceiling that people put on you if you have children or a family and decide to spend time with them.
I never stopped working, but I did let my contract run out. And I didn't really actively pursue it.
This genre of music seems to want to push people into a certain time slot, which is unfortunate.
In between that time, I've done book narrating, you know, books on tape for Dove Audio.
I've had the big ups and the big downs.
I like the big ups. I'm into the big ups.
I work a lot, and not just in Las Vegas.
It would be nice to garner new fans and make it a success - and success is relevant, we already know all that.
I can't live off of yesterday - that's in the past.
My biggest successes were mainly in the pop market during the 80s.
But these days, I get a lot more attention and airplay from the Adult Contemporary and country radio stations, and I feel comfortable saying I'm a part of that.
Songs like the Buck Owens tune, for example, are very simple and straightforward, and recording it really gave me a chance to get into and get a sense of Buck's personality, a feel for that whole Bakersfield sound.
And looking at today's music scene, I think it's cool that there are a lot of consumers and fans not limited by what radio and the record companies tell them to buy.
I've always enjoyed playing live onstage.
Our show doesn't rely on the typical whistles and bells, and smoke and mirrors. It relies mostly on the music.
And I think that we're more of an alternative act in that sense, and that flavor comes across to the audience.
I've been lucky. I've had this history of having an appeal to more than one type of audience.
I'm really fortunate that I've had some mega hits.
The very fact that I've had those established me to continue on to do new music and new projects.
I'm not a toy boy, bellybutton band, so I don't have to worry about that. Actually, I never did.
I'll do a cappella stuff, rock 'n' roll and swing stuff.
I'm just thrilled to see people enjoying the music.
When the audience leaves, I'd like them to feel positive when they go.
