American,Athlete
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical.
I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity.
You can feel the vibes, feel the people pulling for you.
Goals determine what you're going to be.
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end.
I think I started learning lessons about being a good person long before I ever knew what basketball was. And that starts in the home, it starts with the parental influence.
I demand more of myself than anyone else could ever expect.
I had to spend countless hours, above and beyond the basic time, to try and perfect the fundamentals.
To be great we need to win games we aren't supposed to win.
One of the most predictable things in life is there will be change. You are better off if you can have a say in the change. But you are ignorant or naive if you don't think there will be change, whether you want it to or not.
I came from a broken home, so my mom was a major influence in my life.
When I went to Philadelphia I was 26 years old and really sitting on top of the world. Family life, a professional career, plenty of friends and associates, and a good reputation, a wish list that could be the envy of many.
When I get a chance to power jump off both legs, I can lean, twist, change directions and decide whether to dunk the ball or pass it to an open man. In other words, I may be committed to the air, but I still have some control over it.
In a lot of areas of my life, particularly in my teenage years, I began to think about the world, and to think about the universe as being a part of my conscious everyday life.
There's the typical books, Moby Dick and, I guess in my adult life I began to read biographies more than fiction. I started to want to relate to other people's lives, things that had really happened.
Teachers are sort of faced with a thankless task, because no matter how good they are, unless they find a way to personally rationalize the rewards of their effort, nobody else is really going to do it for them en masse.
And from the first time I picked up a basketball at age eight - I had a lot of difficulty when I first picked up a basketball, because I was a scrub - there were things that I liked about it.
I liked the game, I enjoyed the game, and the game fed me enough, and gave me enough rewards to reinforce that this is something that I should spend time doing, and that I could possibly make a priority in my life, versus other sports.
And I continued to grow until I was 25 years old.
Right up until the time I retired at age 37, I felt like there were still things that I could do better.
I pulled the plug on it at a time that I thought was right for me to exit.
If you've experienced having control, you don't want to be moved to a subordinate position, if you have your druthers.
I always try to keep a pretty conservative demeanor on the court.
That was just my own personal program: I didn't want to get too high over the good moments because I didn't want to be saddened and depressed when things didn't go as I had planned.
I grabbed 19 rebounds in my first professional game, and somehow found a way to score 20 points. I felt real good about it. I felt that this was the beginning of something good.
My role models in the business were the older guys on my team when I first got there: Gray Scott, Adrian Smith, Roland Taylor. These were the guys who took me under their wing, and really schooled me in terms of what the business was about.
