American,Actress
I love being my husband's wife.
I think the whole world should try not talking for a day.
A good wife is someone who thinks she has done everything right: raising the kids, being there for the husband, being home, trying to do it all.
Small gestures can have a big impact.
I drink too much coffee.
I've always had a tomboy quality to me that I embrace and don't run away from. At the same time I'm a real girlie-girl.
Do what you love doing.
I'd rather go back to waitressing than play a character that I hate.
I know this is going to sound corny, but I love my life. I love my baby, so I love getting to wake up with him. And I have the most amazing job, with writing that any actor would love and costars who I can't wait to see on Monday mornings. And I love coming home to my husband.
I would have gone to law school, or gotten a psychology degree. I wasn't interested in sleeping on a futon forever. And what happened is I walked into auditions, and I had nothing to lose, because I had a backup plan.
I feel responsible that everyone has a really wonderful experience and to do the best work possible, and to always know my lines and to always be on time and to bring a level to the show in terms of quality that other people will follow.
I'm the kind of person who always has to be on time and I'm incredibly professional.
The reason I met my husband was because I remembered a friend's birthday. The moral of the story is: Remember people's birthdays.
I'm one of those strange people: I really love going to the gym.
I got pregnant at 40 by surprise. It's funny, because when we found out we were pregnant, I said, 'Okay, let's experience that.' You just have to just go with it because it's rare.
It might be scary because you're taking a risk, but at the end of the day you can say you tried.
I think the whole under-eye-bag thing is hereditary, and I just got lucky.
I was never much of a kid person. I mean, I thought they were cute to look at, but I didn't want them in my house.
I am a big believer in women's lib, but I love when a man holds a door for me.
I love being one half of a romantic couple.
I love making money, but you can't live your life waiting to get rich in a job that no longer feeds you artistically.
I've done so many independent movies I'm sure no one will ever see, but I've loved the work.
I can tend to over-think things.
If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day.
Isn't there a danger with Tweeting, like drunk dialing? Isn't there a drunk Tweeting danger?
I don't have a lot of stomach for people who don't show up to a set knowing their lines because you're keeping 150 people waiting.
