American,Musician
I've always been a loner, and I've spent most of my life as a single person.
The first kiss between two people is something really good in life.
I'm just trying to get rid of all the mystery surrounding me and let people see what I'm thinking. So they can understand me and stop assuming things about me.
I don't feel bad or scared about getting older in terms of my looks or anything like that. I'm not afraid of my face changing. I enjoy seeing my face change. I think it's really interesting. I wouldn't want to have same face for my whole life. It would be boring to look at the same face in the mirror for 80 years.
All I'm trying to do is to keep going and keep evolving.
I have many moods, and there is no objective reality. And I kind of live by that.
Puerto Rico has a stray dog problem. Tens of thousands of homeless canines - hundreds of thousands, by some estimates - live and die on the streets and beaches all over this Caribbean island of almost four million people.
To make big steps, you've got to take action yourself and not listen to other people.
The most rabidly religious people are the most rabidly evil.
In this world, where everything happens so fast, it's hard to sit back, take the time and contemplate.
I used to be an over-packer! It took me a while to be smart about what I brought with me. I used to tour with a huge bag full of clothes and another one full of shoes because I wanted to have choices. And I ended up wearing the same pair of shoes all the time!
Sometimes I feel like a human pin cushion. Every painful emotion hits me with ridiculously exaggerated force. And the anxiety feels like hands inside of me, squeezing my guts really hard.
People are complex. I'm just showing my complexity.
Human relations, I mess them up, and they let me down.
I don't buy a lot when I travel, but when I do, I like to send gifts from wherever I am. It's fun to find the local post office.
I don't really care about money. I find money boring and accounting boring, so I'm probably not going to ever make a lot of money.
I am not dead inside. I still care about right and wrong.
Although I'm a huge fan of Ben Kweller, I don't think I'd cover one of his songs, simply because there's just so much of my own stuff I wanna do.
As long as there are religions, there are going to be people who are hiding their rottenness behind the veil of religion.
Baseball is more than a game. It's like life played out on a field.
David Ortiz is a genius. He's incredible to watch. Over and over, he hits home runs that are simply transcendent.
I find myself a fascinating subject.
I like visiting LA, but I wouldn't want to live there.
I never really expected to win the hearts of the masses.
I tend to fall for the archetypal, talented, charismatic rock boy.
I'd just like to inspire people to be themselves and do what they want and not conform to the rigid guidelines of the music or entertainment business.
I'm a damaged person, but I have hope and a will to not give up.
I've been embarrassing myself publicly for over 20 years. Why should I stop now?
A heart that hurts is a heart that works.
You find yourself approaching middle age, playing another scuzzy rock club.
I love 'Crazy Horse,' and Neil Young is one of my favorite guitar players.
I finished 'Beautiful Creature,' and I felt somewhat unfulfilled. I felt like this other side of me needed to be released. Some of the songs I left off the album weren't intense enough to be what I wanted. They weren't hard enough.
I have been a bridesmaid. Fortunately, the outfits were pretty tame. They were cream and black, but I still wouldn't wear them out in public, though.
I'm able to see humor in a lot of things.
Motivation is just this potion to create stuff, a compulsion to express the truth of my own experiences in this life.
I love playing in front of people. I feel powerful, 'cause I don't have to really say anything - I'm just singing.
I like people wanting to know about me.
Songwriting is like editing. You write down all this stuff - all this bad, stupid stuff - and then you have to get rid of everything except the very best.
When I start writing, I'll have a vague concept or I'll just have a title, and the song just goes on its own direction. Usually it goes in many directions within each song. They get really convoluted sometimes.
My songs are about not knowing who to be and not knowing how to act.
My music - that's the one area I won't let myself be pushed around. But in other parts of my life, I'm a confused mess.
For a long time, music was hope. Now it seems music isn't enough to make me happy. It used to be that's all I needed to keep going. Now I need other things to take up the other parts of my life.
I want to paint. That is probably going to sound so pretentious coming from someone who's been a musician.
The whole thing about rock music, pop music, is it's really for kids.
I've finally learned to love my voice for its uniqueness.
From the beginning, I've always had a knack for catchy melodies. But I went through a period when I was trying to be rock n' roll and have a rock n' roll attitude. I was fighting my nature by trying to play really hard and sing really hard. But at a certain point, I realized that I loved syrupy pop music with tons of harmony.
I'm kind of an emotional exhibitionist.
I feel some kind of duty to be really, really honest as a writer. The same is true of my songwriting.
You think you know who you are, and then other people have these other ideas.
When I first started making music, I didn't really know what I was doing. I just wanted to write songs. I didn't have a concept. I didn't think it through. I was just flailing around doing what comes naturally. It took me a really long time to step back and deal with what I was doing with any kind of perspective or self-awareness.
At heart I am a librarian, a bird-watcher, a transcendentalist, a gardener, a spinster, a monk.
I make music and I can't stop. It's a compulsion and an obsession and a curse.
I don't believe songs that try to say everything in a simple slogan.
I get a little sick of myself as a solo artist. I get a little bit bored.
Songwriting is like going to church. I'm connecting to something, and it's rewarding in really important ways. I don't need to share it with anyone to feel good about it.
What does it mean to a person whose identity is very wrapped up in the music she makes, if her worth is measured by how many records she sells?
I think everyone's pretty much the same underneath. The collective unconscious is a real thing. There's only a few emotions, and we all have them. There's, like, seven emotions. So personal is universal. Everyone experiences confusion, joy and pain, just in different forms.
I could make a whole album with no one else involved at all. It would be a total, unadulterated expression of myself. Because whenever you have others playing on a project, their influence becomes a part of it.
Doing interviews can sometimes mess up my head. It makes me feel dirty. It's frustrating how the press recycles a quote to death.
Keanu Reeves is, like, the worst actor I've ever seen. I can't believe he's a movie star.
If you do things when you're burned out, it'll make you bitter.
My growth as an artist and a person has been so slow and gradual, it's hard to make a story out of it.
Everything's been a struggle for me.
I was just dying to get out of my twenties.
It may seem strange, but the most grateful I've ever felt was when I was held up at gunpoint. After I handed over my wallet and the mugger ran off into the woods, I thought, 'Thank you for not shooting me.' I was overwhelmingly glad to be alive and unharmed.
I'm really conflicted about my role as a front-person. I hate the attention.
Every song brings back memories, like I remember where I wrote all these songs. 'Universal Heartbeat' was my apartment in New York City. 'My Sister' was at my apartment in Boston. I remember places and I remember what I was thinking when I wrote it.
People don't analyze Britney Spears' lyrics 'cause they're so obvious, you know? And her image is so kind of blah and mainstream that who really wants to read between the lines, because it's all so out there in front of you and boring and white bread.
My guitar playing has not developed as much as I think it could because I never practice. I only play when I'm writing or recording or when I'm playing on tour. When I'm sitting around at home, I never play.
I don't think I'm romantic at all. I have a lot of faith in the right thing happening. I don't really hope for a lot of particulars, I just have faith that the right thing will happen most of the time.
I've seen quite a bit of the world, but I really like Sweden and feel like I could live there some day.
I'm pretty good with languages. I know a bit of French and actually want to live in France some day so that I can get fluent. I think it'd be tragic to go through life only knowing one language.
I think the reason I've been able to keep making music is because I'm not married, I don't have kids.
I don't make money on the road, and so there's less and less incentive for me to do it when I don't have that adolescent desire for whatever it is, glory or fame.
Harmonies come really naturally to me. I don't have to labor too hard over them. I'll sing a lead vocal, and then I will immediately have all of these other ideas for vocal harmonies. I think that some of the most fun parts of recording, for me, are the vocal harmonies.
I always believe that a person can learn so much by just jumping into something and trying to do it rather than having someone else teach you everything.
I'm definitely a cult artist.
I can't believe I got a major-label record deal. My music was quirky, and my voice was so odd and high and girlish, it was like a weird novelty act.
Popular culture is filled with girls.
I listen to NPR and baseball games when I'm in my car. I mean, exclusively NPR and baseball games, and that's it, as far as the radio.
I wanted to be a writer since I was a little girl - long before I was a musician and a songwriter.
It costs a lot of money to make an album in a studio in New York with a producer and musicians. I have to pay a publicist every month. I have to pay for mastering, production, the manufacturing of the discs. Then, to promote an album properly, you have to spend a lot of money.
If I have to work in McDonalds, fine - I had a really great run and made a living at music for 20 years, and how many other people can say that?
Playing a show is a monumental hassle. You've got to schlep all your heavy equipment into the van, then you've got to drive for five hours, then you have to schlep all the heavy equipment out of the van, onto the stage, set it up, do the sound check, hang around for three hours, then play the show, which is incredibly draining.
My dad claims that he was able to trace us back to the West Virginia Hatfields. When I look at the old pictures, the patriarchs have kind of a physical likeness to some of the men on the father's side of my family. I want it to be true.
A lot of my past is gone from my mind.
Music is so hard. It's a struggle to get people to care. It's hard to make an impact in today's world because people aren't buying records anymore.
Puerto Ricans who find they can no longer afford to keep their pets often choose to drop their dogs, sometimes even whole litters of puppies, at a beach - sometimes under cover of night, in secret - rather than surrender the animal to a city or state-run shelter where the animals will face grim conditions and almost certain death by euthanasia.
People in L.A. don't have to brace themselves against the cold; they slack off permanently, and their brains turn to mush.
I've always been in this sort of perpetual state of existential longing. I feel like something's missing.
