American,Musician
People are going to assume whatever they want to assume.
I think that women are afraid to be vulnerable because they think it makes them look weak.
I've been the person who hides behind people and lets everyone else do their thing, and I've been content there.
I could make apple pie every single day. You need to be super precise in order for it to be perfect. I'm such a perfectionist that baking is calming for me. I've never burnt anything, thank God.
Women often don't want to be typecast as the girl that's sad.
I just want to write fun, interesting music that pushes boundaries and is still true to myself. I want people to feel something.
It's ingrained in people's minds that it's a typecast and a stereotype that women are just emotional and crazy.
If you listen to the radio, it's all men who are emotional and women who are sexual. There's nothing wrong with that! It definitely should be the case, but it makes me sad that women are afraid to be emotional because it makes them look weak.
There is so much power in vulnerability, and I am proud to be that typecast.
I've always been a writer. I've always loved words, ever since I was a kid.
I've written poetry most of my life.
When you first start out, people think this is super easy and you find your crew super quick. But you've really got to go through songwriter boot camp to find your people.
For the first three years, when I was writing, I was doing sessions with a whole bunch of different people all the time every day until I met Lindy Robbins, who kind of mentored me. And then, once you find that, all the pieces come together.
Hula-hooping. It makes me feel free. My stepsister introduced me to it. I used to have panic attacks all the time, and she hula-hooped to cope with her own anxiety.
If I get writer's block - this is going to sound funny - I take a shower. Something about the water feels like I'm cleaning my brain as well as my body.
My favorite food is hot Cheetos. I could eat those every day.
It never feels like work. I get to go to the studio and be with my friends every day and write new things and experiment with new sounds. We just have a blast.
When you start to have success, people look at you differently and expect more from you. With that comes a lot of pressure to perform, so it can be a little overwhelming.
I do love all types of music. I could be in a session for eight hours, and when I leave, I'll instinctively go to the radio or put on my favourite songs.
I think artists are aware that talking gives a songwriter so much material. If they just tell us what's happening, it's so much easier for us to write a song that's specific to them.
An artist could have a really big relationship, and then they break up, and any song after that, people are automatically going to assume that that song is about that person.
It's 2016. Men are more vulnerable than ever.
I definitely always thought of myself as a songwriter before a singer.
My boyfriend and I like to fight a lot. I have a lot of problems. He has a lot of problems. Somehow, we always work them out and find a way back to each other.
I'm a very stimulated person.
I have, like, sensory overload problems.
