American,Actress
There are so many people who will try and make you feel like your opinion doesn't matter, and I've learned how important it is to use your voice.
Everyone has a past, but I try not to let that affect the way I see them; I want to get to know who they are today.
Never let anyone silence your voice.
I try to give each performance my own soul, to bring a truth to my character. Hopefully, when I bring that much truth to a character, it resonates with somebody, and it sparks some kind of emotion in them.
My best advice would be that you have to be vulnerable with each other. Like, everyone says you have to be honest, you have to communicate; like, yes, of course, but you gotta be willing to be vulnerable.
I come from a family of four brothers, so I like sports.
My little brothers loved baseball. I'm not as big on that as basketball or football, but I understand the game.
I like sitting down and watching games.
I love music, and I love drumlines. I like school bands a lot. There's nothing wrong with cheerleading, but I'd rather be a band geek. It's a little more interesting.
I don't really think about the critics or the commercial success.
When I was younger, I really struggled with confidence.
You go through those awkward, dorky, geeky stages, and growing up in the industry amplifies all that. Fortunately, I have a mother who encouraged me to build my confidence from within and embrace my imperfections.
I am oftentimes the ear for some people that I know and love. Which I like being. I don't know if I'd like being a marriage counselor, though, because that's too deep for me.
I'm a grandma at heart.
As an artist, you want to stretch. That's the only way you're going to grow. If I stay inside my comfort zone, do roles that I've done before, then I'm never going to get better as an actress.
I have so many passions outside of my passion for acting.
I just live my life. I go where I feel God is calling me.
Vanessa Williams in person is like... the camera cannot capture how gorgeous this woman is! She is just so breathtaking.
