American,Athlete
For obstacle racing, you wanna be as light, lean, and fast as possible. So, if I lift a lot of weights, I'm gonna be a little bit heavier, which will make it harder for me to hold myself up.
Nastia Liukin, I was obsessed with her. And I say was, but really am obsessed with her. She's just so amazing.
There's such a stereotype about men and women. Obviously, people think men are faster and stronger and all these other things, and I don't want people to get sucked into that anymore. I want them to realize that the women are out here and doing just as awesome things. They can be just as great, too.
I try to eat super clean: No processed sugars, no corn syrups, nothing frozen in a box that you can microwave. If I read the ingredient label and I don't know what something is, I assume it's bad.
My dad and I used to watch 'Ninja Warrior' all the time back when it was in Japan. I would always say, 'I could do that,' kind of joking, but obviously kind of serious.
I am very amazed by the runners out there because I like jog to the garbage can outside sometimes, and I get tired.
My pump-up songs before I compete are not the usual. They're more girly songs. I love 'The Climb' by Miley Cyrus. It's about the journey and savoring every moment. I have 'The World's Greatest' by R. Kelly on my playlist, too.
I like visualizing a lot, so the night before a competition and right before, I will visualize myself. I'll close my eyes, turn away from everybody, and just see myself doing exactly what I want to accomplish.
Usually I like to work out in the morning before I eat. After the workout, I like to eat a banana and definitely some oatmeal for a little bit extra boost.
During workouts, I listen to Pandora, and I like the '90s pop stations. 'The Backstreet Boys' is fun!
I've never been afraid of much, and like any normal kid, I liked to push the limits of what I could do.
It's nice to look good and have a great body, but you enjoy your life so much more if you are fit. That is the message I definitely want to get out.
I grew up doing gymnastics. It requires discipline, eating right, getting sleep, lots of sacrifice. But the pros outweigh the sacrifice.
