American,Politician
Increasing minimum wage doesn't build a stronger economy.
We need to lift up the nation so we can find a more civil way to deal with our disagreements because, in these United States of America, no one should ever feel their life threatened over their political beliefs and positions.
I do not support a livable wage.
I have a really hard time abiding by falsehoods being left in place.
Creating more and better jobs is how you build a strong economy.
I'm a girl: that means I fight like a girl. And there ain't nothing meaner.
I don't think it is just in the world of politics. The lack of civility in society as a whole, some of it, I believe, is very much fueled by social media and frankly, it's fueled by the fact that journalism is not journalism any more.
It's tabloid. It's 24/7 news - people get in the middle of a news cycle for 24 hours off of things that previously would never have gotten the kind of coverage that is happening.
Bullies always have another target.
I think it's clear that Planned Parenthood has worked to mislead the public about who they are... they do not provide mammograms. They are the middleman, or middle woman, if you will.
It's clear that Planned Parenthood went out of its way to paint me as some sort of a zealot - a Trojan-horse zealot who came into Komen and within 10 to 11 months had completely turned the place upside down. That's clearly not who I am, and it's not what happened.
Others do not define you - you define yourself through your words and actions.
I'm proud of the fact that I was able to overcome long odds.
Clearly, there have been changes in the climate.
These immigrants have come to our country and blatantly disregarded our laws. We cannot, we should not, reward that. No amnesty. No ability to vote. Get those borders secure, and then deal with that situation.
People want to know that I'm a person of conviction.
Sometimes you should just put down the computer, the phone, and walk away.
It's been clear for some time that FBI Director Comey has lost the confidence of Republicans, Democrats, and broader institutions, and his removal as FBI Director was probably overdue.
I want women to have more access to quality care, and the access to healthcare for women is not through Planned Parenthood; it is through community health centers across the state.
Let me be clear: since I am pro-life, I do not support the mission of Planned Parenthood.
I will ensure the conservative legacy and leadership of Tom Price, Johnny Isakson, and Newt Gingrich will continue.
I think that for a child to be in a household... with a situation where the parents are not married, as in being one man and one woman, is not the best household for a child.
I don't want to see any taxpayer funding going towards... a couple that is not married.
Any real Colts fan cannot abide the Denver Broncos and John Elway!
In life, sometimes you just lose.
I try not to look back on my life and be regretful.
