American,Actress
I babysat kids in a ShopRite, which is a grocery store. They had a babysitting center so that parents could bring their children while they shopped. It was awful. I also was not very good at keeping the kids calm.
I never thought of myself as a singer, like ever, ever, ever. It's hysterical that I sing.
I secretly wanted to act. I also wanted be a toy designer and make puppets.
There have been moments where I'm like, 'I don't know how I'm going to survive and pay next month's rent.' And the next month I'm filming a movie in New York City.
I really like doing puppetry; I'm not sure if it will find its way into 'Big Bang,' but it always does seem to find its way into a lot of things.
My parents wanted me to be a teacher. Because I could work most of the year and pursue the things that I love to do during the summer. It just seemed like a good plan.
When you're buying paintings, it feels grown up.
I'm really shy - I don't do karaoke.
I thought 'Garfunkel and Oates' would be too confusing, but it ended up being confusing in the best of ways because the first time we played a comedy club, it was because they thought we were the real Garfunkel and Oates.
There was always that kind of imagination in our house, which was always a little crazy.
My first songs were about animals and shoes. I wrote one song about PF Flyers, and one to my fish.
Near the end of high school, I was always super shy, backward.
At comedy festivals, we always get grouped with other musical comedians, so you can get to know them and see what everyone is doing. it's really fun and awesome that we're the only girls, because we can tackle issues that guys can't sing about.
I always think that I have plenty of time for everything, and then the reality of it doesn't quite match up.
I used to be obsessed with game shows. When the Game Show Network became popular in the late '90s, I was all about reruns of 'The Price Is Right.' I knew all the prices from the '70s.
My favorite thing to do in a new city is find new fast food. I seek it out. I'll tweet and ask people what their favorite local place is, and if I get four or five with the same answer, then I'll check it out.
I started playing the ukulele in the year 2000. That sounds so futuristic saying it like that. The year 2000.
When I have a bad show, I can't wait until I can get back on stage to forget about it.
My brother and I did theater in high school, and were both in Pennsylvania Youth Theatre. It was awesome. When you go to Los Angeles, it's a rough city, and it's hard. You drive around in your car in your own little bubble, and there's tons of rejection. Being from the Lehigh Valley helped because it was something so stable.
It's good to make your own things because you can have control of your own art.
I like the mix of stuff I do. I love movies, but I also enjoy performing live and writing songs.
The rule of improvisation I took to heart was, 'Don't think.' I tend to over-think things, so that was a big lesson for me.
I totally had OCD as a teenager. I used to have to touch all four sides of a picture frame when I got home from school and before I started to do my homework. It was time-consuming. But then I just outgrew it, though it sometimes comes back when I'm under a lot of stress.
Doing voices in animated movies has been one of my dreams. You get to go and act, and you don't have to put on makeup.
I've had times where I've joked, like, 'I'm going to move to Vermont and become a painter.' And sometimes that joke felt like, 'Oh that's a good idea.' But it was only, like, a daydream for a moment to, like, escape.
I have hair that looks like you could just take it off and plug a new style on.
