American,Actress
I've got four roommates and they all have fur and tails.
I don't need someone with a hot body. He can be fat or overweight and have a belly. It's very much about style and substance and humor, interest, curiosity and really being smart.
I drink tons of water. When you're puffy, you think you can't drink water since you feel more bloated and gross but that's what you do to get the toxins out of your system. I put a little lemon in the water bottle that I carry around with me or drink a cup of hot water with lemon. It's a natural diuretic.
I'm lucky. I've got pretty good genes.
I've learned over and over that life happens on its own terms, not mine.
I have always been the girl who keeps on trying. I try! I try!
My very first job was a cashier at Burger King in Tucson, Arizona. And I occasionally worked the drive-thru. I'd go wherever I was needed! My second job was at Dairy Queen. I stayed in the fast food royalty.
I still like to make crank calls.
My mother is Italian and my dad's Irish. In my family, we're expressive. Nobody holds back.
I loved campaigning for Obama.
Sometimes I hope that through osmosis I might get a workout - just by wearing the clothes.
I've done every diet there is.
I struggle with control.
I'm not a clean freak. My house is a mess.
Age is just a number. Unless, that is, you live in Hollywood, where there's this notion that if you haven't hit it big by your 20s, you may as well hit the road.
For me, my 20s were all about reaching for the brass ring of work in theater, television, and film, surviving in between by waiting tables, painting houses, serving coffee, and temping.
Acting was all I ever really wanted to do.
I don't like to take a lot of stuff since I'm really sensitive to medications.
There are lots of different ways for women to be a mom in this culture.
I like to eat right and in moderation, but give myself treats and kind of have everything.
No matter what job you do, we all have a much different life than our parents had. My parents' generation had one job and then they retired. Now, people have many different jobs.
I would definitely love to be a parent.
I do Pilates, and hike with my dog.
I used to skip breakfast, but eating gets my metabolism going, so I burn more calories all day.
I try to cook dinner, but it's difficult when I'm working.
You never want to rest on your laurels. You want to keep doing things that terrify you.
