American,Actress
I tried for a short time to be something I wasn't, and had no success with it. It's a practical solution to just be yourself.
I was just never discouraged from doing something wacky like trying to be a comedian.
I pride myself on being tragically uncool.
A good impression is sort of a juxtaposition of disparate elements.
I started watching 'SNL' when I was thirteen or so; those were the Molly Shannon/Ana Gasteyer/Cheri Oteri years.
I love Jared Hess' movies. He's such a weirdo and such a nice, funny guy.
Progress, real progress, makes me cry harder than anything. When the world itself grows.
I only come up with things when I am talking to myself, which I do constantly. The sidewalk and the subway are the best places for this. I speak at full volume and then laugh at myself if I like what I just said.
For an impression, I just find that I can do a lot of the people I love without much research, because I've already watched hours and hours of them on video and it seeped into my brain while I wasn't thinking about it.
I was very serene, and I still am, until I start talking in another voice, then suddenly I have a lot of volume and I'm frantic. But I didn't want to be one of those people who's always talking in accents in real life, so I started doing sketch comedy.
Getting recognized on the street is fine, but I never really wanted to be famous.
If you asked me to seriously kiss someone on a screen, I would be very uncomfortable. But I will lick any part of your face.
I worked as a telemarketer for an SAT-prep company. That was the worst of it, because I had to call people in post-Katrina New Orleans and offer them this very, very expensive SAT class. And I'm not even a good salesman.
There was just a lot of comedy on the TV in the house, and my parents are both very funny.
I just like playing unique characters that I love.
What's not to love about a crazy cat lady? You have to be very giving to be a crazy cat lady.
Nothing makes me laugh more than farting.
I hate the feeling of having hair on my neck.
I grew up with a pet iguana named Willy. We had a very contentious relationship. It turns out that iguanas are not meant to live in suburban homes.
I always wanted to live alone for a month in a lakeside cabin. In my fantasy, I enter a state of perfect peace and grow my own kale and stuff, but in real life, I think I might be very bored after four days.
I admire my boss, Lorne Michaels. He never stops producing. I think, for him, comedy is a tool of compassion, a way of rallying people together and saying, 'Guys, isn't the world bonkers? Aren't we all just trying our best?' There's a tenderness in everything he does.
I was an umpire at little league softball games. I only lasted a few games because I wasn't one hundred percent clear on all the rules.
To be employed in the entertainment industry is a miracle.
I have no skills. I'm bad at most things.
I do get approached occasionally, but not a ton. I'm unrecognizable because I'm coated in cat hair and sweat. And there's a sort of yeti quality to my presence... so I don't think that people can see the face.
'SNL' can be a stressful environment, and I am panicking constantly, but I guess I keep it pretty internal.
