American,Politician
We need to quit arguing about whether the glass is half full or half empty - and instead acknowledge that there's not quite enough water to go around.
Public health and safety are my highest priorities.
As educators and policy makers, it is important to demonstrate for parents the connection between high levels of student participation in assessment and system accountability - ensuring the success of every student.
No individual, regardless of where they live or whom they love, should suffer discrimination.
Rent and the cost of essentials like food and child care are rising so fast that wages are not keeping up.
Oregonians continually demonstrate a strong belief in fairness and equal treatment under the law.
Water is the foundation for our economies, communities, ecosystems, and quality of life.
If I can save one kid's life, for me, it's absolutely worth it.
I'm very committed to stable and adequate funding for education.
It's absolutely critical that we not only provide support from cradle to career in the education system but also the wraparound services.
I pledge to you today that for as long as I am your governor, I will not seek or accept any outside compensation from any source.
I certainly think it's really important that folks in the metropolitan area be able to meet the increased cost of living.
It's really important that folks be able to speak out.
I know what it feels like to be a victim of domestic violence.
I know what it feels like to represent clients who can't get restraining orders on abusive partners.
I grew up in a middle-class family. I went to law school.
I know what it feels like to be paid less - substantially less - than the male lawyer in the office next to me.
I seek solutions, not battles.
I think the bottom line for Oregonians is that cleaner fuels mean cleaner air, and we need that, and we want that.
The record shows that I've kept a very steady hand on the helm throughout some enormous challenges.
John Kitzhaber was a visionary leader for Oregon.
The challenge is sort of capturing the issues that Oregonians feel strongly about and moving forward on those.
My highest priority is the safety of all Oregonians and their communities.
I realized I could make a difference. I could be their voice; I could fight for them... There's no better place to fight for working families than the governor's chair.
I'm really pragmatic. That's my reality.
Most of my time as a legislator, I served in the minority. So I'm used to getting the heel of a loaf of bread.
When I became governor, I vowed to restore the public's trust.
Most public officials work hard to serve the public good and abide by Oregon's ethics laws.
State government's efforts to address climate change must include reduced consumption and other conservation measures as water shortages become the new normal.
I have spent my career fighting to make Oregon a place where everyone can thrive.
