American,Director
I'm drawn to filmmaking that can transport me. Film can immerse you, put you there.
The Communist regime didn't consider this to be a shining moment in history and assigned no heroism to it. They classified it as merely an accident.
My dad used to draw these great cartoon figures. His dream was being a cartoonist, but he never achieved it, and it kind of broke my heart. I think part of my interest in art had to do with his yearning for something he could never have.
If there's specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons: I can't change my gender, and I refuse to stop making movies.
The journey for women, no matter what venue it is - politics, business, film - it's, it's a long journey.
I don't do what I do to try and break a glass ceiling.
Our film examines the heroism, courage and prowess of the Soviet submarine force in ways never seen before.
It's irrelevant who or what directed a movie; the important thing is that you either respond to it or you don't.
Whereas painting is a more rarefied art form, with a limited audience, I recognized film as this extraordinary social tool that could reach tremendous numbers of people.
There should be more women directing; I think there's just not the awareness that it's really possible.
I don't want to be made pacified or made comfortable. I like stuff that gets your adrenaline going.
On the other hand, I believe there's hope, because the breakdown and the repair are happening simultaneously.
War's dirty little secret is that some men love it.
What's most galvanizing for me is the opportunity to be topical and relevant and entertaining. That's the holy grail.
I began to exercise a lot of cinematic muscle with the precepts I had learned in the New York art world. Film was intriguing. I began to think of art as elitist; film was not.
Character and emotionality don't always have to be relegated to quieter, more simple constructs.
I did a pilot for Anything But Love in 1988 that didn't sell.
I don't believe in censorship in any form.
I like high impact movies.
I think violence in a cinematic context can be, if handled in a certain way, very seductive.
My movement from painting to film was a very conscious one.
One of the elements in the film that really fascinated me was not to look at the world in bi-polar terms of us vs them or east vs west, which was a by-product of the Cold War.
One should make morals judgements for oneself.
Right now, there's the illusion of order and civilization, but there's a tremendous amount of economic tension in this country and the educational system is constantly eroding.
Something becomes personal when it deviates from the norm.
The urge to purge the material I come up with is, I guess, an ongoing process.
It's totally thrilling to direct.
I thrive on production. It feels very much like a natural environment for me.
I don't know if I thrive in normal life.
