American,Comedian
If you see me on Friday, you'll see different material on Saturday night.
I also love Mole, the unsung hero of reality programming.
I have no limits, no filter, no class, no poise. No decorum. Just fun.
Well, my whole thing with gossip is I couldn't care less if it's true.
I'm not always in that good with middle-aged heterosexual men.
So yes, I say things I regret constantly, and I just can't help it.
Have I gone too far?
Gwyneth Paltrow names her kid Apple. I'm not going to let that stand.
I have to tell you, though, the sexism in late night talk is so profound.
I constantly say things that I regret. I mortify myself constantly.
That's life when you're on the D-list.
The thing that cracks me up is how these reality characters start out thrilled and excited just to be on television, and how they move to thinking they are as big as the Friends.
I love Mariah Carey. Remember the breakdown? I loved the breakdown.
The beauty about the D-list is that people who are on it probably don't know they are.
I do road gigs occasionally but I don't want to go out on the road for months at a time.
I have friends who are going through chemotherapy, and they make the darkest, most hideous cancer jokes you've ever heard.
So I wonder if anything should ever be off limits.
No, I love Montreal... I think I love Montreal more than Montreal loves me... I love the food there.
Food is my thing, I do not smoke or drink, so food is my vice.
I hate it, it is tedious... when I write for my act, it is very improvisational, I write bullet points, I cannot sit in front of a computer; that is not my style.
My act is based on my life.
I'm also doing a special for Comedy Central called Autobiography. It's going to be a spoof of Biography.
I think a Celebrity Survivor would be great.
That's what I loved about Temptation Island. I don't even know why they did it.
The thing that bums me out about 'The Real World' is I don't want to believe that teenagers are that stupid.
I'm basically always on tour.
I prefer being known for my stand-up because I write it. I love being an actor, and saying other people's words is great. But then, when I do stand-up, I love getting my own point of view out there.
I apologize in my real life all the time. I say ridiculous things, I make mistakes constantly. But when I'm on stage, I'm at a microphone... it's a joke!
I have a no-apology policy.
I'll be honest, there's a part of me that does think I'm held to a different standard than my contemporaries and peers, and it's a little frustrating.
I'm not an artist. I tell inappropriate stories and jokes and I try to make people laugh.
I think I love Montreal more than Montreal loves me... I love the food there.
I grew up in Chicago and was a huge fan of 'The Second City', so when I moved to L.A., I was looking for anything that resembled that... then I started 'The Groundlings', so I went to a show and it was very much like 'Second City'. I was so impressed that that same night I went backstage and I went up to the funniest person there.
I feel more people can relate to the D-list than the A-list.
I have a no-apology policy. No apologies for jokes. I apologize in my real life all the time. I say ridiculous things, I make mistakes constantly. But when I'm on stage, I'm at a microphone... it's a joke!
To give up my job as a temp and actually make a living doing comedy, it was staggering.
I am an outsider looking in, absolutely. You're not going to see me at the Academy Awards 'Vanity Fair' party any time soon. I'm not somebody who, no matter where I go, there are paparazzi or any of that nonsense. But I have a little window into that world, and I can enter it and dance around. I want to be the audience's ticket into the party.
I identify with the regular person, because that is who I am.
I'm a female in comedy, so of course I want there to be more women on 'SNL', and women of color.
