American,Actress
If you obey all the rules you miss all the fun.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
Never complain. Never explain.
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything.
If you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased.
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
The average Hollywood film star's ambition is to be admired by an American, courted by an Italian, married to an Englishman and have a French boyfriend.
I never lose sight of the fact that just being is fun.
If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married.
Life is to be lived. If you have to support yourself, you had bloody well better find some way that is going to be interesting. And you don't do that by sitting around.
I never realized until lately that women were supposed to be the inferior sex.
Without discipline, there's no life at all.
Being a housewife and a mother is the biggest job in the world, but if it doesn't interest you, don't do it - I would have made a terrible mother.
My greatest strength is common sense. I'm really a standard brand - like Campbell's tomato soup or Baker's chocolate.
Enemies are so stimulating.
Why slap them on the wrist with feather when you can belt them over the head with a sledgehammer.
To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time.
As for me, prizes are nothing. My prize is my work.
Acting is the perfect idiot's profession.
It's life isn't it? You plow ahead and make a hit. And you plow on and someone passes you. Then someone passes them. Time levels.
Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do.
It would be a terrific innovation if you could get your mind to stretch a little further than the next wisecrack.
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.
I have many regrets, and I'm sure everyone does. The stupid things you do, you regret... if you have any sense, and if you don't regret them, maybe you're stupid.
Marriage is a series of desperate arguments people feel passionately about.
