American,Author
My siblings and I were raised to be very hardworking and to find something that we're passionate in, and to be able to turn that into work - I'm lucky to be able to say that I've done that.
I love traveling around and talking to women in groups like the Girl Scouts, and being able to work with them is such an honor. For me, it's always about working really hard and being able to help other people, which is what I've done with both of my books.
Learning to love my inner and outer beauty wasn't an easy road. I still don't always love the reflection I see in the mirror, but I have learned that my outer appearance does not define me.
It's easy to be critical of ourselves and other women around us. We stand in front of the mirror and only focus on the things we hate about our body and our appearance. But I encourage you to change that attitude the next time you are in front of the mirror.
My go-to shoes for everyday would probably have to be either my white Converse that I've had since high school or my black Alexander McQueen flats with the skull on the top. It depends on my day.
My father is Arnold Schwarzenegger, the governor of California, and yes, he was the Terminator! He is also a former Mr. Universe and Mr. Olympia, two titles he earned as a champion bodybuilder.
Looking back, I can genuinely say that I am truly grateful that my parents sheltered us from the public eye. This may sound like an easy task, but it was probably the hardest thing they had to figure out as parents - how to give their kids a normal childhood even though they were always in the spotlight.
When I was younger, I played sports and went to camp. As I got older, my parents began to instill in us the importance of giving back to the community, especially those places around the world that are less fortunate than my very privileged life growing up in Los Angeles.
Most people feel weird about white heels, but I love them and wear them with everything, especially when I need to mix up an all-black outfit.
My go-to shoes for red-carpet events are usually always black, but I mix between my pointed stilettos and platform heels.
I decided to move out of the apartment I was sharing with my best friend before graduation and move back home. My parents had recently separated, and I wanted to move back home with my mom and my siblings.
I'm so excited to be working with 360, not only because I am in love with everything they create but also because each collection always includes the key pieces I look for.
I like clothes that are fashionable but also have great messages for lifestyle, and 360 does just that - the sweaters are for women of all shapes and sizes and are designed to allow a woman to feel beautiful and chic from the inside out.
I graduated high school, and I did my internship at Dove in their public relations department because I thought I wanted to be in PR, which turns out I did not. It was right when they were coming out with the Campaign for Real Beauty, so I got an inside view on the whole thing.
I'm really passionate and love everything lifestyle-oriented, so that's what I do on my website. I have been able to get other people to contribute to the website to create kind of a hub for people in the millennial generation - people my age.
I talk to my mom about six times a day, and we constantly email in between that. People say that I'm her twin. I guess it would be the Kennedy genes; my cheekbones are coming out.
I've always been way closer to my mom. I'm close to my dad, but they're totally different kinds of relationships.
The whole thing with contouring is to contour where your natural cheekbone would be and where sun would hit you naturally.
Of all the reader questions I get each week, the most common question I get is, 'What are you wearing?'
An example of a trend that I tried that didn't exactly work out would be high-waisted jeans. We see them everywhere, but what I realized is that they don't work for every body type.
I don't do my hair very perfectly because I think it looks sexier when you don't have everything perfectly structured out.
Keep in mind that it is very important to stay moving and to get exercise - positive feelings about our appearance develop once we start taking control of our health.
I was never into makeup when I was younger, and I still love not piling on the makeup every day, but as I've gotten older I've actually found makeup to be fun.
Shopping is a great way to bond with the girls, but it definitely makes us focus on our bodies and compare ourselves to others. Something that should be a fun outing with the girls can turn into an uncomfortable experience.
Women's bodies are meant to store fat so that we can do amazing things like have babies or rock a tight pair of jeans.
As young women, we all feel a pressure to look a certain way, and sometimes it is just too much to handle. But, there are good and bad ways to deal with this pressure. A terrible way to handle this pressure is to complain about all of our flaws and expect other girls to join in.
