American,Actress
My father was a diplomatic officer. As a diplomat's daughter, you have to learn to present yourself very early on.
You shouldn't get to live in society and give nothing back. People complain about their taxes, yet they do nothing for the community. That makes me furious.
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.
I have health. I have a wonderful support system. I have the admiration of millions of strangers, which I do not underestimate.
I know there are nights when I have power, when I could put on something and walk in somewhere, and if there is a man who doesn't look at me, it's because he's gay.
A woman can plan when to have her family and how to support a family.
As I traveled from one country to another, no one knew anything about me. So I could be anybody, I could speak as I wished, act as I wished, dress as I wished.
At about 40, the roles started slowing down. I started getting offers to play mothers and grandmothers.
Crimes of Passion, which is one of the best films I've done, will live strongly in my resume, even though it didn't do well.
Get more women producers, writers, directors. Why should we expect men to do it for us? They can't.
I always thought the point was to have a bigger life, to meet more people. So I don't understand Hollywood.
I am certainly a liberal.
I do not admire young actresses whose foreheads cannot move.
I don't believe in simply accumulating money, but I have the luxury to say that, because I have enough for all my needs.
I figured as I got older, the good roles for women would be in the theatre. So 15 years ago I started building a Broadway career to try and develop the chops to be accepted as a great theatrical actress.
I find the idea of today's icons being teenagers incredibly uninspiring.
I had a great deal of pressure to move to LA after Romancing the Stone came out and I'd become very popular. But people came to me anyway.
I have a brother who's a psychologist. He says three-quarters of the world are born feeling that they will be affected by the world; one quarter are born knowing that they will affect the world.
I have no desire to play most of the roles being offered.
I never feel more alive than when I'm on stage. On film you feel chopped up, you can be acting from the neck up, or the hand, there is a lot of close up.
I never took to Hollywood.
I often play women who are not essentially good or likable, and I often go through a stage where I hate them. Then I end up loving and defending them.
I rent houses in LA when I'm filming. I find the isolation there terrifying. There's nowhere to go, there's nowhere to be with people. I'm not a beach bunny.
I think Europeans have enough tradition and respect for the experience and body of work of an actress that they don't sell out to the new ones.
I think my mission is to become the greatest human I can. I know that sounds pompous, but what else do we have?
I want people to like me. They don't have to always like my characters, you understand.
