American,Politician
The essence of good government is trust.
There's a digital revolution taking place both in and out of government in favor of open-sourced data, innovation, and collaboration.
But for us Democrats, Obamacare is a badge of honor. Because no matter who you are, what stage of life you're in, this law is a good thing.
General Motors spends more on health care than steel.
More than five million seniors have already saved money on their prescription drugs, and almost 33 million have benefited from free preventive services. The president cracked down hard on Medicare and health care fraud, recovering a record-breaking $10.7 billion over the last three years, protecting our seniors. That's what change looks like.
Global health issues remind us - perhaps more than any other issue - that we are all children of the same extended family.
I think one of the most underreported and untouted benefits of the Affordable Care Act is the real investments we are finally making in this country in prevention.
The men and women who serve this great nation, whether they are stationed in Iraq, Fort Riley, or the Korean Peninsula, or they serve us at home as our community first responders, serve because they believe in America.
Although black and white Americans live, work, and learn together now, there is still injustice in America.
A healthy state encourages many voices - and lots of listening.
But the dollars spent on economic incentives and new investment strategies are wasted unless we seriously address the two most important economic issues in Kansas: education and health care.
But wishing our Kansas soldiers 'God speed' is not enough. We need to comfort, care for, and protect their families. And we should ease the financial burdens that these families often face.
I believe we all agree that, for the health of Kansas, nothing is more important than education.
If your voices are not heard, you can be sure that many others will be - in particular those who are paid to present a point of view, and often do it most effectively.
We have by far the most expensive health system in the world. We spend 50 percent more per person than the next most costly nation. Americans spend more on health care than housing or food.
Insurance companies can no longer refuse to cover Americans with pre-existing conditions. That's what change looks like.
And under Obamacare, insurance companies can no longer discriminate against women. Before, some wouldn't cover women's most basic needs, like contraception and maternity care, but would still charge us up to 50 percent more than men - for a worse plan.
Being a mother is no longer a liability, and being a woman is no longer a pre-existing condition! That's what change looks like.
From 1965 to 1967, my dad, Jack Gilligan, served in Congress and helped pass landmark laws like the Voting Rights Act.
I was governor of Kansas when Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts.
Insurance companies can no longer refuse to cover Americans with pre-existing conditions.
If you're self-employed, between jobs, or can't get insurance through work, you'll have access to affordable health insurance as good as Congressman Paul Ryan's.
If you're under 26, you can stay on your parents' plan. You can go back to school or get extra training without fear of a health catastrophe bankrupting your family. Over three million previously uninsured young adults are now on their parents' plans.
Being a mother is no longer a liability, and being a woman is no longer a pre-existing condition!
I've spent my career fighting the worst practices of insurance companies.
I know how tough it is to stand up to powerful forces that prey on consumers.
