American,Producer
Sports teaches you to understand the meaning of a team. You need to be able to work with everybody; you don't have to be their best friend. You can experience the fun of competition and driving toward a common goal without pushing to bond in some major way with each individual on a project.
I don't analyze things all the time, I just do them.
The most important thing is to have a point of view and have something to say. That is important if you are filmmaker or artist. That means you have to experience the world.
Sometimes women don't take the initiative that they should.
The 'Star Wars' universe is full of technological and cutting-edge effects, which Base FX will be a wonderful partner to create with.
The producer, in effect, has to work as a translator. You form a very tight relationship with the director and writer from the beginning, and then you are constantly communicating to the various people that begin to come into the process, as you are trying to manage to hold on to a vision that needs to be communicated over a long period of time.
I suppose I was always attracted to the producing function - trying to put things together and make things happen.
I know myself pretty well, and I know what I'm good at, but I also recognize when others may be better and so support and empower that.
I'm not great at talking about myself.
People want to make a distinction between what's commercial and what's art.
There's no way a director can communicate with every single person on the set and yet they need to motivate and instill an ambition to want to do their best work.
Many great stories are father issues, mother issues or death.
When you're relegated to go from movie to movie, so much of what you're doing is out of your control beyond creating the product.
You know, I've always been very open to any project.
There's nothing I like more than to have one of our movies run, and then I go to the ladies' room and listen to everybody talk about it. No one has any idea who I am.
A lot of these big movies are just a collection or a montage of big set pieces.
If it's a huge tentpole movie, for instance with a movie like 'Tintin,' a year and a half, almost two years in advance, we were developing a videogame campaign and massive consumer products campaign.
It's an interesting thing when you're casting a film - especially when you're trying to discover someone - you're waiting for someone to step into the room in an audition process and claim the role.
I think it's always wise to be concerned about any of the characters in 'Star Wars,' right?
I always feel that the best kind of producing - and frankly, it has to do with what I like to do - is you're the big-picture person.
From a producing standpoint, I think prep is everything.
A lot of directors will do a certain amount of storyboarding and pre-vis, and yet when they get on the set, everything starts to change, and they have new ideas.
If all you're doing is playing it safe - trying to make the same movie over and over again - that's when the audiences say, 'Oh, this is just a moneymaking machine.' But if it's genuinely in service to the art form, then the franchise concept is being used in a way that's exciting.
It's not fun to lose.
I would hate to be in a situation where my entire focus was obsessing around the issue of whether we're going to win best picture.
I have a very fun husband. He's managed to hang on to every person he's known since grammar school.
It's not just about casting female protagonists. It's gotta be across the board throughout the industry.
I'm just a member of the audience with each project I work on, and I hope to never lose that. It's my touchstone. It's the thing I never want to overanalyze.
A successful film begins by choosing a director whose creative vision will define the choices made by everyone involved in the film.
Creating authentic emotional experiences, whether it's 'Star Wars' or 'Spotlight,' are driven by characters and stories that are engaging.
Inside 'Star Wars' are values that mean something to people. It's aspirational. It's full of hope.
I loved David Lean, he had a huge influence on me when I was going to film school.
It's funny where life can take you.
Success is always a matter of some luck and timing.
I don't know how to make movies without getting my hands dirty.
I find that a lot of directors are attracted to the dark side.
We have an amazing team at ILM who can create fantastic effects.
If you don't spend the time you need on developing characters and finding stories, complicated stories, the audience gets tired because they think they're seeing the same thing again and again.
It's a real privilege to make movies.
I started out as a camera operator. I was doing news, and I was doing sports - baseball games and football games. And I was acutely aware of women not really being in those roles then.
I've always said that I don't want to be in front of the camera.
We knew that for E.T. to feel real, you had to have some connection to his eyes.
