American,Actress
It's kind of fun being the cute, little one. In fact, I'm finding it hard to grow out of that.
I'm so spoiled - I must have a Starbucks vanilla latte every day.
Tom and I will always be in our honeymoon phase.
I found it to be more challenging to be in a huge effects movie, because a lot of the things aren't there. You have to trust the director and react to nothing.
We all keep dreaming, and luckily, dreams come true.
I got caught kissing. Like by my parents. It was so horrible. It's so embarrassing, I'm blushing.
I'm definitely a messy person... I know where everything is but I just can't organize. I don't make lists and find scripts on the laundry machine, and under my bed, or in the bathroom, kitchen. It's bad, I really need to take control.
I'm not computer literate. I e-mail. I know how to get on the Web, but I haven't crossed over into the internet world. I'm old-fashioned, I guess.
I have some road rage inside of me. Traffic, especially in L.A., is a pet peeve of mine.
He's the most incredible man. He's so generous and kind, and he helps so many people, and, um, he makes me laugh like I've never laughed, and he's a great friend.
Chris and I care about each other and we're still friends. Tom is the most incredible man in the world.
We had such a wonderful set of circumstances in Wilmington. Yes, the four of us became famous literally overnight, but we were in a small town and we always knew when people were coming down. We always knew when to behave.
I wasn't very funny or flashy, I was kind of boring.
Any time I break up with Dawson or question him, viewers turn against me.
It's actually great to shoot far away from Hollywood because we don't have the distractions of the parties and premieres and all that. And, of course, you can save money - there are no good shoe stores.
We have our little restaurants, and there's a beautiful beach that we go to in the summer and fall. We tend to have a lot of get-togethers, and if it's at my house, we order pizza because I can't cook.
I'm not strictly vegetarian, but meat doesn't play a big part in my diet.
I did Phone Booth, and that was shot very, very quickly, but that was Joel Schumacher, who's shot so many movies that, if anybody can figure out how to do it in a couple of days, it's him.
I love all of his movies. I love all his movies. I love Tom.
Fortunately we've been shooting in North Carolina which means we're not in LA where you can hear people talking about you and you know so much about what's going on in the business.
In North Carolina nobody bothers us; we're all about concentrating on the work or our auditions that we're trying to get a flight out for. So all that crap is not something that I'm confronted with on a daily basis.
I think I want to pursue a movie career and maybe even pursue some theatre.
I'm not the easiest person to live with. I'm kind of a slob.
