American,Athlete
I like being the underdog so they don't expect what's going to happen. It pushes me to work harder and do the things I'm not doing better.
I'm always trying to come down with a win. That's what matters to me and my squad.
When I'm away from basketball, I hang out with my friends, chill, and that's about it.
People in the NBA are just as athletic as you. That's the game. You have to have the change of pace. You have to change speeds to get around people.
I'm just living in the moment, trying to win every game. That's all I'm focused on.
I want the kids to know that it's not a myth that somebody from their city plays and wins in the NBA. I just want to influence them to work hard and do whatever they want to do in life, whether it's to be a basketball player or scientist... if they believe in themselves, they can do anything.
I'm just a low-key guy.
As long as you give your best effort, I feel like that's all you can do.
My motivation wasn't really to get a $95 million contract, you know?
Coming to a team like the Spurs, you're automatically going to learn how to play the game the right way.
Winning is motivation.
At the end of the day, we all know what the Jordan logo means, and you can't take anything away from that. But it's pretty cool to have my own logo on a Jordan shoe.
It's an honor to have been considered for the team, and I hope that in the future I will have the chance to represent my country by playing for U.S.A. Basketball.
I've got to learn how to create shots for others.
It's all mental. I just have to worry about my game.
I just have to move forward and keep working on my game and getting better.
I'm trying to be one of the greatest players, so whatever level that consists of is where I want to take my game.
My mindset is the same every game.
I always wanted to play both ends of the floor. I never wanted to be one-dimensional.
I played basketball when I was little because it was fun for me. It still is now. I just love it. I have a passion for it.
That's how I grew up. Just play defense - and make a basket.
It's just the game itself that drives me. I just want to be able to compete at a high level.
I remember being a teenager and watching 40-year-old Michael Jordan compete in his final All-Star game.
I just try to play every game like it's Game 7 of the NBA Finals.
I just think repetition and getting the game reps shooting the ball in games really helps, rather than just practicing. You can get game timing.
I've always liked home-cooked meals.
I'm just the same guy... I don't need to be a celebrity or a superstar.
I'm just playing basketball. I just want to be a great player. That's it. That's all I'm thinking about. If the other stuff comes, it comes, but I'm just fortunate to play in the NBA Finals and just to play basketball, period.
I want to play against the best, and that's what I'm doing, just going out there and being focused, just competing every possession.
I was good. I probably could have gone to the NFL. I just hated practice.
Playing football helped me a lot. Just reading the quarterback's eyes and reading receivers, figuring out what they want to do.
Everybody plays back-to-backs.
I work all summer and throughout the whole season to be prepared for the challenges that I have to face.
There's nothing to be scared of. We're playing basketball. The only thing that could happen is you failing. But as long as you're going hard, there's nothing to be scared of for me. I don't know what there is to be scared of.
I don't watch ESPN, don't listen to the radio. I just go home and deal with my family.
Obviously, I like guys that can defend other positions. Draymond Green is doing a great job with Golden State. Jimmy Butler brings it every night when I'm out there.
Tony Allen is a good defender, very smart.
It was a great feeling to be named an All-Star starter, to know that my hard work is paying off and fans around the world are recognizing that.
Whoever I'm playing against, I go in and try to stop their best scorer and try to get myself going on the offensive end.
You just go out there and try to compete and try to make a play for your teammates.
I didn't work out with Kobe. I don't know where that came from. I wish I could have.
I'm just here to play basketball and have fun and try to win another championship.
I can't be impatient. It would show on the floor, and I won't compete if I'm thinking about getting the ball.
I'm just going out there to do my role, the same role - defense first - and then see how the ball turns out on the offensive end.
It's definitely fun when you're able to translate your practice into the game. It's fun, and you know that your hard work paid off.
I'm just happy that I get the opportunity to do the things on the court that I do in practice.
The bigs are there on the help-side if the guy goes by me, and I'm able to switch to other offensive players.
I'll never try to win an award. I'm out there just playing for my team.
If I get noticed for my individual performance, that's what happens. Other than that, I'm just trying to win the game.
If I can get back and win a championship, that's what I'm trying to do.
I'm not one of the guys in the league for the fame. I'm here so I can take of my family, my mom, my friends and take care of myself.
I love the game of basketball, and as long as I can do that, keep playing and try to get some more championships with the organization, I'll be happy.
I don't care about winning an MVP - the MVP doesn't mean you're the best player in the league.
People would ask what college are you going to, and I'd say, 'San Diego State.' And they'd say, 'Why?'
When I'm on the court, I feel all problems go away.
Everything outside doesn't matter when I'm on the court; it's just me and nothing else. Family problems, school, what happened to my father, all the stress goes away.
I believed I could play in the NBA.
I just want to keep improving, to keep getting better.
It's just a great feeling, once you have a child.
I've been working hard to be one of the focal points in the NBA, one of the top guys.
