American,Scientist
Could people be trained to be less gullible? Or are you as stuck with gullibility as you are with skin colour?
Even small cults are a serious cost on the world economy, to victims, their families, employers, friends, and credit-card companies.
Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environment.
Action leads to Attention. that in the short-term releases Rewarding brain chemicals and in the long term improves reproductive success.
People repeat behaviour that leads to flooding their brains with pleasurable chemicals. The short-term reward loop acts over hours to years, and the long-term reproductive success loop over generations.
Attention is the way social primates measure status. It is highly rewarding because it causes the release of brain chemicals such as dopamine and endorphins.
Anyone who has ever had the feeling of being higher than a kite after giving a public speech is well aware of the effects of attention.
Lie detection is like language; there is a learning window. Telling whoppers to small children seems to be a family tradition in many families.
Some people recovering from drugs or alcohol stay with the programs indefinitely, making the recovery program their family, a long-term source of attention rewards.
The rare person is still interested in new advances when they are adults. There is possibly a correlation with intelligence. In any case, you have to be fairly bright to keep learning and changing attitudes as you get older.
As for leadership, I am the kind who leads reluctantly and more by example than anything else. Someone had to be on the incorporation papers as president.
I can't think of anyone who is up on evolutionary psychology and related areas who is deluded enough to be called a utopian.
If anyone wonders why the airlines are not doing well it is because flying has been made such an unpleasant and degrading experience.
Most of the suicide hijackers came from Saudi Arabia, a place not lacking in wealth. But due to rapid population growth, the wealth per capita has fallen by about half in a generation.
Cults, or related social movements such as the Taliban in Afghanistan, result in massive military expenses.
The information that is passed from person to person and from generation to generation is the primary factor that gives humans a competitive advantage over other animals.
Children do not have to learn that streets are dangerous places by potentially fatal trial and error.
I suspect that a substantial fraction of human problems in the world today, not just cults, result from the mismatch between the current environment and the environment in which we evolved.
I much prefer the modern world.
People can undergo a sudden change of thinking and loyalties under threat of death or intense social pressure and isolation from friends and family.
Genetic studies in Iceland have found that many of the women who were the founding stock of Iceland came from England and what is now France. Some were probably captured and carried off in Viking raids only 40 generations ago.
Fighting hard to protect yourself and your relatives is good for your genes, but when captured and escape is not possible, giving up short of dying and making the best you can of the new situation is also good for your genes.
High status males had multiple wives or additional mating opportunities in the ancestral environment.
Brigham Young had 47 children, and over 50 women as wives.
Humans have evolved to be exquisitely sensitive to changes in status.
Successful cult memes induce intense social interaction behaviour between cult members. This trips the attention detectors.
