American,Actor
Because I'm always away, coming home to a clean house means a lot to me. Trust me, I've lived with a lot of roommates, and straight guys are just kids who don't pick up after themselves.
I love having candles, especially when you get downtime. I could just pass out seeing the flame flicker with the lights off.
I've been blessed with a good head on my shoulders and quite a good ability of discernment. I can see through people.
I have no real tattoos. I wear my bruises and tons of scars as my tattoos.
I'm really into extreme sports and just having fun.
I don't want to be known as the guy who always takes his shirt off... I've done a lot of photo shoots lately for the press coming up with 'Immortals' and 'Breaking Dawn,' and every photographer wants to get the topless shot. We've really had to be choosy and not do that for every magazine. I've actually been trying to keep my clothes on more.
I love life way too much and find fun in almost anything. I'm a chameleon.
I worked my butt off in high school and received a lot of scholarships for college and to throw all that away for acting was tough for my family, but it was just something I felt my heart pulling me towards and don't regret a single minute of it. I love to act!
Lucky Justin Timberlake has Jessica Biel. I think she would just be the coolest girl to hang out with.
I love those kids on 'The Suite Life of Zack and Cody.' I remember when they were little they looked like they were having so much fun just being kids. And that's how I was growing up and how I try to be.
I want to fly a jet. I'd love to just be in the air and go mach 3 or mach 4. Or, I'd be an underwater salvager. I've always been fascinated with the Bermuda Triangle and Atlantis. I love chemistry, also. That's why acting is so random for me!
You can't just build a huge chest and arms. You need to work out your body evenly. Otherwise, A, you'll look weird, and B, it's not the best for your body.
I have a lot of older brothers who messed up in different ways in my mother's eyes. So I learned from all of their mistakes. I can't go into detail, but while I was growing up, I always tried to make it a goal to relieve some of the stress my mother went through.
In L.A., I was meeting people who were all actors. My mind started to open up to what acting was. I didn't realize that Brad Pitt was a real person. I didn't think he was a robot or a machine, but I thought you were just born into acting - that it's a family tree, kind of like NASCAR. No one can just say, 'Hey, I'm going to be a NASCAR driver.'
It's weird that the world sees modeling as a negative. It just blows my mind how many people think that because I was a model, I think I'm pretty and that I can use my looks to get ahead. I'm not pretty!
I'd love to do a movie like 'The Machinist.' It's an extreme movie but it takes you to a place that is quite impressive.
Actors strive to be part of something like 'Twilight' and what 'Twilight' is, is unbelievable.
I am very picky with my career. I don't need to do it for the money or the fame. I'm very choosy, which is why I haven't played the typical role that people expect to see from someone of my stature and size, as the mean jock or the preppy. It's very easy to see me like that. That's why I go against it in different roles.
I love playing the bad guy getting away with stuff. I was that kid who learned from my older brothers who got away with everything by smiling.
I could definitely take someone out with my bare hands.
When I was doing 'Generation Kill' in Africa I worked with five really super-trained Navy SEALs who taught us all these moves like how to disarm people: if there's a bar fight and someone's got a chair or there's someone with a gun behind our head, how to disable them and take them down in a swift move.
I'm really great with weapons: I did a lot of bo and staff training for 'Immortals.' I love knives. I'm a pretty good shot. But I love hand-to-hand combat.
I probably have more friends from 'Twilight' than I've ever had in my whole life.
I love to take risks, I love to travel, and I'm very outdoor-sy, so any girl who can pick up a football and throw a spiral will definitely catch my attention.
I've been training with my mixed martial arts guy as much as I can when I'm back in L.A., so if I could do another movie like I did in 'The Killing Game,' with Samuel L. Jackson, that would be awesome.
I love someone who tries to boss me around.
A lot of girls think they have flaws that really aren't flaws. I've never met a girl who was just so secure about everything.
I just loved going fast. So I started out with Alka-Seltzer and soda water in a bottle and attached it to the skateboard. That didn't do much. I would try a leaf blower. I was searching for anything that would go fast. Then, the lawnmower engine.
I lived in a tiny Midwest town, so I was always looking for adventure.
You could do a hundred projects and still not have the fans that are there for Twilight.
I was actually away in Africa doing 'Generation Kill' while everyone was auditioning for Twilight. They all had, like, five different auditions: I was so lucky that I came back from Africa just in time and the actor who was playing Emmett fell through, lucky for me!
I am so fidgety - I swear I have ADD - and I always need to be doing something or being outside, just playing sports.
I think fans are just obsessed with the 'Twilight' saga and then within it they might have preferences between if they're Team Jacob, Team Edward or Team Jasper. It just comes down to them loving the whole thing, and if they can get any of the boys from the book they are fine with that.
Even in high school, I had friends that I didn't know were gay until years later. I'd find out on Facebook or something and be like, 'Oh, that explains some things,' or 'Wow, no wonder they were so cool.'
I love mythology, grew up loving it. I'm a middle kid, big family, that's the thing you did in the farm country. I lived in Iowa, I loved mythology. I don't know, we're like that.
It's funny when people say you have sex appeal or call you the next Brad Pitt. I just laugh. I'm not that. I don't want to be that.
My genetics are good, but they aren't crazy He-Man style.
I had so many older brothers who beat up on me, so I'm a tough kid. I love mixed martial arts, weapons training, guns, knives, driving fast cars and motorcycles.
I always wanted to play a Greek god in something.
I love Poseidon. His trident - his weapon - is really cool.
Motion capture is amazing. I prefer it. You wear a 'Power Ranger'-esque suit, you have tape balls on you, you have 60 cameras around you capturing your every movement and there's no hair, no makeup.
The coolest part about seeing a girl wear something comfortable is the smile that you can just feel coming through from inside her.
When I'm in love with a woman, seeing her in something cozy makes me not want to let go of her when I'm holding her.
I like a girl to wear oversize sweaters that look like my own - it's beyond sexy.
I've been very much intrigued by and impressed with women. But I've never been intimidated. Even if I make a fool of myself, it's better to have tried.
I have a Bible study that my friends and I go to here in L.A. I go to church every Sunday. I've always been a believer. I love singing. I don't have the best voice - I just love getting my emotions out.
I started out modeling at a young age and surrounded myself with different brilliant minds. I have so many people to get educated from, and I've been a sponge.
What I've learned from different designers is that it's key to be true to who you are and your vision. That's always been my line of thinking. Working through the whole design process, I don't want to create something I wouldn't be proud to wear.
'Immortals' is all action. I love action movies. That's really where I want to spearhead my career.
I have always loved fashion, but I have no expertise in it besides being a model.
It's all about the quality of the fabric, how soft it is and feeling comfortable in what you're wearing.
As long as I can wear something that's not too tight, I can move in it, it's not too thick, and I can breathe, it's great.
