American,Actress
I suppose there are a lot of reasons to be jaded or sarcastic or bitter in life, but I hang on to the reasons why life is beautiful.
The 'Carousel' overture has always been one of my all-time favorite pieces of music.
With a revival, you're compared to somebody else.
I think it can be a good idea to know what you do well and use that to open the door for yourself. Once you open the door, close it behind you, and start to make changes.
My great-grandfather, Peter O'Hara, was born in Ireland, I believe, in County Clare. His father, my great-great-grandfather, had actually come to America a generation before when times were very bad in Ireland. He worked in the Pennsylvania area and did well with horses and farming.
I don't ever think about the roads I didn't take because I spend too much time thinking what's ahead. I don't go backwards.
I've had great opportunities to show different sides of myself, but the challenge will always be getting either people to let you do it or finding the right things to do in order to do it.
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction.
I was raised in Oklahoma. I was actually born in Tulsa, but I grew up in a small town on the west side of Oklahoma called Elk City on a farm, where my dad grew up, actually.
I've been singing since I was nine or ten.
I loved to sing and I loved to act, and I didn't want to continue opera because I wanted to act.
By no means, I can't sing any rock and roll.
Everyone's story is different, and we can't really be inside them.
When you're pregnant, things - at least for me - get very sincere and very wholesome, and it's about family, and singing becomes about warmth.
I think anything emotional adds to your acting and singing, no matter what it is that you go through. It will always add to it, never take away.
I grew up on a farm.
My degree was in opera.
I don't want to be famous for being famous.
It's really important that I have a personal life.
To play a character is to inhabit the world and the life of that character.
Some songs depend heavily on the character, but, for the most part, a great song begs for reinterpretation every time it is sung, even when in character.
Playing characters allows me to do things I may not always do, while singing in concerts allows me to really find my own voice and grow.
It's always hard - it's a little counterintuitive to leave your baby at any point during the infancy.
I was able to do concerts all the way up until two weeks before I had the baby; I thought I was stopping a month ahead, but he was three weeks early.
Everyone has these ideas, especially about the middle of the country, about people being backwards and three-toothed.
Every part has its relief when I'm done with it.
