American,Actor
Apologizes are pointless, regrets come too late. What matters is you can move, on you can grow.
Prayer is when you talk to God. Meditation is when you're listening. Playing the piano allows you to do both at the same time.
I think it's important to approach a house in a way that's reflective of the original environment. Maybe I'm a sentimentalist, but I think that certain geographies call out for certain architecture. I like residences that reflect their place.
Fame obviously has become a premium in everybody's life. Everybody thinks they deserve it, everybody thinks they want it and most people really don't enjoy it once they get it.
The idea of self-reliance is important to me, and that is echoed, in my way of thinking, by a conservative approach to politics.
I'm a real geek and fan when it comes to 'Transformers.' I remember being at my first rehearsal for this film, and I looked over and saw the tractor trailer. I was thinking to myself, 'Oh, my. That's Optimus Prime.'
There's almost nothing better than a baguette and a pound of salami.
My favorite snack is caviar.
I'm an actor and I've created a lasting and memorable character named Frasier, who is not me, but who most people think is. So when I have a chance to play something that's different, I embrace it because it's fun; also in this case, he's a memorable character.
It takes a very strange person to enjoy fame, with all the by-products that come with it. It's not necessarily a thrill.
I became an actor, and because I had success as an actor, I became famous. I was acting for quite a while before I got famous; television made me famous. I guess that it's television that is responsible for everybody's desire to be famous.
Life is supposed to get tough.
I think it's your duty to overcome what you inherit in life.
I got fired when I was a dishwasher at Denny's. That set me back a little bit. You don't realize how important dishwashers are until you do the job.
The greatest sin is judgment without knowledge.
No day-to-day mishaps or indignities can really compromise your sense of self after you've survived a deep tragedy.
Iago is one of the most liked characters in Shakespeare's canon, and he's the most evil, most extraordinarily manipulative person in history. He says the worst, most politically incorrect things, even for the time the play is set in - and yet audiences adore that character.
Actors are observers of human life, of human behavior.
I like audiences and performing and, you know... applause!
For every story you hear that's tragic, there's another that's equally tragic or more so. I think you come to look at it as part of life.
Frasier will always hold a special place in my heart. He's a great character I Ioved playing, and he's still a wonderful part of my life. But he was a lot of work!
I can't say it was challenging for me to shake the image of Frasier. I've been fortunate to have had a very interesting career since the series ended. I think the turning point for me was the show, 'Boss.'
I'm someone who likes to try new things and take on new challenges. I love making movies, but TV is also great. I really enjoy doing both.
I had a kind of romantic notion about being a Hollywood Errol Flynn type.
Gosh, I think faith is a wonderful thing. And I even think religion's a wonderful thing. I know a lot of people want to say, 'Religion's the only reason that man has had any trouble at all,' but you know what? World War I and World War II were not fought because of religious reasons.
Some of the greatest achievements ever have been achieved as a result of the Church. The Catholic Church. I'm not Catholic but yeah, the Church, for instance, you take a walk through the Vatican, and to your right is the double helix staircase built, I think, in 1138 or something.
