American,Comedian
It's just cool to witness talent.
I'm very friendly. I get along with people.
I owe a lot to Nickelodeon.
I want to get into producing and writing more for myself - setting up my own films and seeing what kind of personal touch I can put on movies, as opposed to just being in them.
There's a lot of pressure on kids, period, just to be successful in life.
I was a good student in school.
I was always pretty funny with my friends.
My immediate family is real close-knit.
I always just want to do non-typical voices for some reason.
Never thought I'd be a bobble-head, but little did I know.
Kids have awkward moments.
I'm a happy person, and I want everybody else to be happy. Nothing wrong with that.
I'm a fan of Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt, and all these people. If I could end up like Jonah Hill, winding up in a Brad Pitt movie, that would be awesome.
I've always just tried to continue to be a working actor and let the work speak for itself as opposed to promoting myself as someone who needs to be in everybody's living room.
I'm silly. I can't help it.
It's just a challenge doing live television every week; you know, it's a challenge to come up with new material every week and stuff like that and try to keep it current, you know what I mean? Like, it's just, you know, it's a kind of a stressful environment.
Leaving Nickelodeon was definitely an adjustment. Because then, it was back to the real world of, 'Now I'm an adult looking for a job,' as opposed to a kid that's getting introduced to all these people like, 'Look how cute this little kid is. Don't you want to put him on your show?'
I wish we could just pick up and do 'Kenan & Kel: The Grown-Up Years,' getting everyone back working together. I feel like it would be an awesome moment for everybody.
I'm very happy here at 'SNL.' I've never been in a hurry to leave because it's such a special place. It's never the same when you leave and come back.
I started working right away as a kid, so I didn't have a chance to go to improv school or anything like that; I was already a working actor.
'SNL' has kind of been like my school.
As far as my sketches, I've always loved 'What's Up With That.' It's just a whole lot of fun, and I love 'Black Jeopardy,' too. Any kind of host capacity, I'm usually pretty good at.
I never did standup before. It just looked like it was really hard, looked like there was like up days and down days - and I'm too emotionally unstable for that. I need to always be funny and always be loved.
Comedy is here to bring joy to the world, whether you want to hear the curse words or not.
I used to go trick-or-treating all the time. When I was young we had the plastic mask with the rubber band that would cut your face, and you couldn't breathe and it was really sweaty! I had the Incredible Hulk and Spider-Man. I used to love the Incredible Hulk, and then one year I had the great idea to be Mr. T, and that was an awesome costume too.
I don't know what to do with babies.
