American,Musician
If I'm gonna tell a real story, I'm gonna start with my name.
I learned, when I look in the mirror and tell my story, that I should be myself and not peep whatever everybody is doing.
The hardest thing for - not only an artist but for anybody to do is look themselves in the mirror and acknowledge, you know, their own flaws and fears and imperfections and put them out there in the open for people to relate to it.
People have to go through trials and tribulations to get where they at. Do your thing - continue to rock it - because obviously, God wants you here.
My moms always told me, 'How long you gonna play the victim?' I can say I'm mad and I hate everything, but nothing really changes until I change myself.
I look at where I'm at today and realize that most of my success is owed to the mentors that was in my life.
My whole thing is to inspire, to better people, to better myself forever in this thing that we call rap, this thing that we call hip hop.
I can't help the way you was born if you was gay.
My word will never be as strong as God's word. All I am is just a vessel, doing His work.
At first, I was scared to show fear because you can never be sure how people will perceive you. But I dared myself to do that, to stand out. Now I'll talk about being beaten up or robbed or making a stupid decision because of a girl or whatever.
I don't want to be something that just comes and goes.
I've been called a recluse. There's definitely truth in that. I like to spend time alone.
It's easy to forget who you are.
I'm Machiavelli's offspring, I'm the king of New York, king of the coast, one hand, I juggle them both.
My parents were fairly young in the city of Compton. So the things that they played - you know, that was the hip crowd. So I was being exposed to all these ideas, from Big Daddy Kane to Eazy-E to the Bay Area - Too Short, E-40 - you know, back to Marvin Gaye and the Isley Brothers.
I always thought money was something just to make me happy. But I've learned that I feel better being able to help my folks, 'cause we never had nothing. So just to see them excited about my career is more of a blessing than me actually having it for myself.
Being acknowledged for your work is always a great accomplishment, whether it's people in my city, kids in the street, all the way up to the Grammys.
Whenever I make music, it reflects where I'm at mentally.
I got a greater purpose. God put something in my heart to get across, and that's what I'm going to focus on, using my voice as an instrument and doing what needs to be done.
I'm sticking to the script, I'm putting that organic feeling back in the game.
I like to let things breathe.
I always tell people that if I move anywhere it would be Toronto.
As a kid from Compton, you can get all the success in the world and still question your worth.
When I'm in the studio, I'm looking for creativity I haven't matched yet, a feeling I haven't felt. It's a high.
Sonnymoon and Quadrants are a couple of bands that really inspire me in terms of the melodics of things and certain tones and just what feels good. It takes me back to the type of music that I grew up on in my household. We played a lot of gangsta rap, but we also played a lot of oldies, and I think that mix is part of what inspires my sound.
The best thing is to always keep honest people around, because when you have a bunch of yes men around that know that you're making a mistake but let you go on with it, that's when it ruins your mind state as an artist.
From the moment I started writing raps, I was always aware of the pressure. I always wanted to live up to how huge Snoop got, how huge Dre got, how huge Pac got. I was always aware.
I think my worst problem is actually living in the moment and understanding everything that's going on. I feel like I'm in my own bubble.
God to me is love.
I'm selfish.
When everybody looks at our generation of kids, they always call us the misfits - you know, like we just don't give a damn.
I think my vice would be outdoing myself.
I'm only as good as my last word, my last hook, my last bridge.
My passion is bringing storylines around and constructing a full body of work rather than just a 16-bar verse.
This is the thing about hip-hop music and where people get it most misconstrued: It's all hip-hop. You can't say that just what I do is hip-hop, because hip-hop is all energies. James Brown can get on the track and mumble all day. But guess what? You felt his soul on those records.
My mom's one of 13 siblings, and they all got six kids, and till I was 13 everybody was in Compton.
Eventually you get to this point where you understand what you want to do and get across and sound like.
Sometimes you have the trends that's not that cool. You may have certain artists portraying these trends and don't really have that lifestyle, and then it gives off the wrong thing. And it becomes kinda corny after awhile. It's really about keeping hip-hop original and pushing away the corniness in it.
When I went back to my old high school, all these kids looking at me like I'm the real big homie, the same way I look at Jay Z, Nas, or Dr. Dre. You would've thought Michael Jackson walked through that joint off the excitement that they had.
The way people look at me these days - that's the same way I looked at President Obama before I met him. We tend to forget that people who've attained a certain position are human.
I think that's why I put my energy into making music. That's how I get my thoughts out, instead of being crazy all the time.
Groups break up because they never got across what they wanted to do personally, and they have creative differences, and egos start to clash.
You can have the platinum album. But, you know, when you still feel like you haven't quite found your place in the world, it kind of gives a crazy offset.
I'm putting out this free music, constantly putting it out.
I don't really believe in the type of pressure that people are wanting to put on the type of music that I make.
My folks ain't graduated from high school or nothing like that, so we always had to struggle in the family - and I come from a big family.
My pops and my mom started playing Marvin Gaye and the Isley Brothers and all these people, but at the same time, they always had Snoop on right behind it in the same mix.
When I ask OGs why there's so much division in the streets, nobody never really knows. But you know one thing that everybody always mention? A woman.
I'm just writing, writing, writing. I keep these tablets on me until I'm inspired to go back in and make the music. I never take a break from my pen, because I pride myself on that.
Tupac, Biggie, Jay. Your usual suspects. These were the people that was played in my household.
