American,Celebrity
What people don't understand is that calling someone too skinny is the same as calling someone too fat; it's not a nice feeling.
Every girl loves posing in her underwear. It's always fun to do that.
I try my best, but at the same time, I try not to let being out with someone affect my everyday life. Like, if I want to go out and grab a smoothie with a friend who's a male, I'm not gonna let the paparazzi stop me from doing that and living my life and just being a normal person.
Modelling isn't something I'm doing to prove people wrong. It's something I'm doing because it's what I want to do.
I was the biggest liar for no reason, and then as I got older, I thought, 'Why am I lying to everybody?' I would hear other people lie and be like, 'You sound so stupid.' So then I would just change my lies. The only person I lie to is my little sister, when I steal her clothes.
I wanted to fly when I was little.
I'm lucky that I've never been bullied personally. There are always going to be kids who are mean and say stuff, but the people that matter to you - the people you love, like your parents, your siblings, and your friends - those are the people you should listen to.
I try to keep my filters simple. I don't do anything major to my photos.
I weirdly love interior design and real estate and all of that. I really do. I get chills from it.
Runway is like an adrenaline rush.
I had just started ninth grade when I got my acne. And I had braces. I wouldn't look people in the eye. It was not a good time for me - it just killed my self-esteem. I thought when I didn't look at someone, they couldn't see my face.
I'm trying my best with what I want to do, which is modelling. I think I'm on my own career path, and I don't really care what other people have to say about me being in the spotlight of my sisters. I'm just doing my own thing.
You have no idea how many doors closed on me and how many adults were either initially reluctant to take a chance working with me or who outright laughed at me behind my back.
I want to be like a Christy Turlington, still doing my craft and still killing it. I want longevity and to be able to do this for a really long time.
My whole life, even as a kid, I would say, 'I want to be on a billboard!' To be on a fashion billboard, for a brand, is a life dream.
I've really learned to appreciate a moment. I take things in a lot. I'm kind of weird like that.
Ask me a question about paparazzi, and I get so heated. And I feel so bad for young kids of celebrities. My nieces and nephews get yelled at, and I'm like, 'You are yelling at a 2-year-old.'
You can't take anything personally in this business. Follow your dreams, but there is a lot of criticism. You have to brush it off. Everybody is looking for something different.
Modeling is my number one priority - one hundred percent.
My entire life, I just wanted a pony, and I couldn't care less about a pair of shoes.
When I was younger, I used to bite my nails so bad. I used to play sports; I played, like, every sport. I would be playing soccer, and I'd be in the middle of the field just zoned out, biting my nails, and I'd, like, miss the ball going past me.
Instagram is my edit of my life.
I am so grateful to Marc Jacobs, Riccardo Tisci, Karl Lagerfeld, and Katie Grand, who took a chance on me that first season and gave me an opportunity.
You can get a million comments about how beautiful you look and how awesome you are, but the one comment that says they hate you and you're ugly is the one that sticks.
I think a natural look is prettier. I rarely wear makeup, but we always wear sunscreen on our faces.
I guess my style's a little edgy but comfortable. I like being comfortable, for sure, and kind of casual.
It's true, I used to be so shy. I used to never talk, just sit back and do my thing. I was never bullied, though, and it was never like it was something that needed to be 'fixed', like being shy is a bad thing.
If I could trade places with any of my sisters for a day, it would be Kim. I want to see what it's like... The only time she sleeps is on the airplane. It's just crazy. I feel bad for her, but I still want to know what it's like.
My name is Kendall. Kendall Jenner. I am not a Kardashian.
If I see something really nasty on Twitter, I will usually delete it or block the person because I don't want to see that every day... Get to know me, and then you can talk about me!
My way to de-stress is either listening to music or talking to my sister, Kourtney. She's going to teach me how to meditate, and that should help a lot.
My dream jobs would be Italian 'Vogue' and anything with Chanel!
My favorite thing about doing photo shoots is just being able to have fun, meeting new people, getting dressed up, and I just love doing it. So, I have a lot of fun.
When I started getting in front of the camera a lot, I think my confidence started to come out.
My dad is my dad, but he's not there physically anymore. But she lets me call her 'Dad' - that's the last little piece of Dad I've got.
When I was younger, we lived in a horse community.
The first campaign that I recall was with Kate Moss and Marky Mark. Probably the most iconic jeans ad ever.
I feel really productive. I'm very competitive with myself. I'm a scheduler. I'm always trying to keep everything together - I'm very OCD and very organized.
Before I got the contract, I'd heard from a lot of people that a contract with a company like Estee Lauder was like a stamp of approval, a stamp of your legit-ness. So getting that was a really big step for me.
I love a red lip - red is one of my favorite colors, and I really don't wear many other lipstick colors than red.
I was always looking up to supermodels. They were, like, my superheroes.
My life was always different growing up. I mean, even before the show, my dad was who he is. He's an Olympic athlete. And we were going to premieres, like 'Finding Nemo' premieres, and we would be little kids, like, before the show, walking down the red carpet.
I'm super OCD, so everything is clean.
My sisters take, like, hours to get ready, and I'm, like, really quick. I think I get that from my dad.
I've been to some of the most amazing cities in the world.
Kylie and I are both pretty brave - much braver than the Kardashians. We have the Jenner in us.
I think I'm the most private out of my family.
I'm very competitive with myself. I'm a scheduler.
I would literally sit at home and have my friends take pictures of me on my little Canon camera that my mom gave me for Christmas.
When I was young, I was the kid who would call my dad from a slumber party to beg him to come pick me up.
My little sister Kylie puts an amazing outfit together every day, and it just works for her. For me, it's more like jeans, boots, maybe a jacket. Sometimes I get caught in my sweats.
Some people might think that what I've done before made it easier for me to get jobs, but it was actually a disadvantage. I had to work even harder.
As a kid, I always looked up to supermodels, thinking about how amazing they are. I always wanted to be in photos.
I think my mom and dad have an incredible work ethic, and we've grown up around it.
My dad is my everything. He always had the craziest speeches for Kylie and me growing up, good words to live by.
I like to go outside at night by myself and look at the sky and just appreciate it. I'm not that big of a weirdo, but - occasionally.
When I was really young, I can remember being into fashion, but I was really into horses and sports.
There's a lot of annoying things about me. I don't know, I'm really shy at first, and I don't really like it. I wish I was a little more outgoing.
When I was at high school, I used to pretend that I had work, and I would go and tell the head of school that I, like, really needed to leave, and I was really stressed out because I had work.
Sexy is confident.
Mariacarla Boscono has taught me a lot, and I have been lucky enough to become good friends with so many amazing models.
My Instagram is all me. I like to keep it very personal, and I'd like to keep it that way. You don't really follow to see promotional things at all times. It's my connection with my fans.
I'm big about washing my face before I go to bed, washing it when I wake up in the morning, getting good sleep and drinking a lot of water. Those are just easy things that you can do for your skin.
I remember being a kid and trying to do make-up and being so bad at it - but my sister Kylie was so good. It came so naturally to her. For me, it was never natural.
Life is scary.
I think social media has taken over for our generation. It's a big part of our lives, and it's kind of sad.
It's just scary to think how fast everything is rolling, and you can't stop it.
Randomly enough, my older sisters went to a makeup school when they were younger, so they're all really good at it. They've always told me that 'natural is better.'
I enjoy letting my fans into my world.
I am a very competitive person.
I've always been a huge family person. Growing up with such a huge family, it was just amazing, so coming home to that is always awesome and... it makes me happy.
I try to drink a bottle of water a day, and I love Kiwi Strawberry Snapple.
Anytime someone asks me to look at a new house with them, I'm like, 'Yes!'
