American,Musician
Football taught me how hard you had to work to achieve something.
I think there is a part of life that I'm missing.
My mind is constantly going. For me to completely relax, I gotta get rid of my cell phone.
I'm like a shark. I've got to be constantly moving.
I want there to be a level of respect between everybody.
It's very hard for me to relax.
I've gotten to meet so many people who've inspired me as a human being.
It was satisfying to take a risk and see it pay off.
Things that made me happy five, six years ago don't make me happy anymore.
Music's supposed to come from the heart. I felt like that if it ever got mechanical, I was going to back away from it.
I work hard but I play hard.
I love the fact that I can go out there on stage with a guitar and sing a song that means something to somebody.
It sounds like a cliche, but it... you do sing about what you know about. And I grew up in a small town, and I grew up in a place where your whole world revolved around friends, family, school, and church, and sports.
I can't believe that I get to stand on the stages I stand on every summer, and get to sing the songs that I sing.
Social topics may hit too close to home for people, but then again, if you pull a heartstring, then that's what country music is. It's not just songs about getting drunk and leaving your girl.
I like to rock and roll, but I'm a mushy guy, too. I want to be the guy that all the girls love and all the guys want to hang out with.
I don't think I ever feel sexy. I don't think that's for me to decide, if I'm sexy or not.
First and foremost, I consider myself a songwriter.
I have 120 employees on the road every day, and about 30 other employees off the road.
There's this idea that somebody's job could be more important than somebody else's, and to me, that's not true.
I'm so hands-on, from the color of my tour bus to what I eat for dinner at 5 or the way the lights are hung.
My fans reflect who I am.
I do sell fun.
I'll admit I'm a workaholic.
In all the years that I've been doing this, I've never launched a tour and launched an album at basically the same time. Doing one of those things is enough!
I grew up in east Tennessee, and everybody knew everybody's business.
I'm pretty firm in my sexuality and my love for women.
Believe it or not, I want to keep growing my audience.
