American,Musician
Growing older is not upsetting; being perceived as old is.
Know when to hold 'um, know when to fold 'um and know when to walk away from cameramen.
I was raised in the church.
I've always said music should make you laugh, make you cry or make you think.
The first six years of my career, I got more comments on my weight than on my singing. So I think I became so self-conscious that I started working on it harder.
I think when you're in the public eye, you feel a pressure to stay younger looking.
I just hope I can spread some of the happiness that's been coming my way.
People will clap to be nice. They will not laugh to be nice.
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
There is a trade off - as you grow older you gain wisdom but you lose spontaneity.
I'm so totally future oriented that, for me, I don't know what the future's about, but I can promise you it's gonna be exciting.
My mom loved to sing - and I'll go on record and say she was the worst singer ever. I'd get up and move away from her!
Here's what I've learned about raising boys... if you keep 'em busy, they're fine. You let 'em get bored, they'll dismantle your house board by board.
You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em, know when to walk away, know when to run.
You know, when you're poor and you have a bunch of kids in your family, you don't know that everybody's not poor.
I had holes in my jeans well before it was fashionable.
I have awards right now that I do not remember walking on stage to get.
I've always said that gray hair looks good on everybody but yourself. To me, it makes me look old.
You know, I've always said, I've never felt I was a particularly good singer, but I've always thought I had a great knack for picking hit songs.
You know, I think the greatest gift in the world is a good employee, you know, or people who can do your work for you and do it well the way you'd like to have it done. And I've always been able to surround myself with really good people.
I feel like I learn something from everything I do.
Well, I don't think everything necessarily that I touch turns to gold, but I think I get great joy out of it regardless of whether it is successful or not.
There has to be chemistry in a duet, but if you go beyond the point of friendship and attraction, you lose something.
There's a new hit rock group or singer every five minutes, but with country music, you have one hit and those people love you forever.
When I think of the things I have, it makes me a little uneasy. I don't want people to think I've lost touch with reality.
My music was my life, and it played a large part in my inability to sustain relationships.
