American,Musician
I believe in karma, and I believe if you put out positive vibes to everybody, that's all you're going to get back.
Be yourself. Unapologetically.
Every weird thing about you is beautiful and makes life interesting.
I embrace the imperfections and celebrate them.
I went through awkward, chubby, total weirdo phases.
When you're around me, you're going to get glitter on you.
I deal with haters on a daily basis.
You have to have a sense of humor about life to get through it.
Of course there are certain things that get to me, but I try and lead by example and show people that, especially with haters, that you should just ignore them.
You really can't stereotype people or put them in boxes, it's unfair.
Just because I'm sassy and have a mouth on me doesn't mean I'm coming from a negative place.
I'm a singer and a writer first. I started to rap by accident, being playful.
Working in this industry, I have been exposed to so many products and now realize more than ever how cruel and unnecessary animal testing is.
I love it when people send me body parts.
I wouldn't have a No. 1 record or song if I wasn't a hardworking person.
Glitter is my makeup of choice.
One fan sent me one tooth, so I made a necklace out of it. But then I found a bunch of my baby teeth, and started realizing I would love to wear a piece of my fans' bodies on me.
I just think that gay men have much better taste than any straight man I have met. I have never gotten any grief about having a good time, being unapologetic, and irreverent from a gay man.
I could party in a cardboard box with people who are funny and don't care. For me, it's really about who I surround myself with, so I just try to always be with hilarious people.
I can't walk in high heels, never mind dance in them.
I am so not a proper, good female. I can't dance in high heels and I'm just so not girly, but then I see these men with these banging bodies, dancing in heels, singing, and having so much fun with so much make-up on. That makes me honestly want to be a better woman.
I grew up in the Bible Belt and I made my own clothes and dyed my hair purple. Nobody ever knew what to do with me.
Eventually, I would love to be on my deathbed and looked at as an icon. Right now I'm still at the baby stages of my career. But that is the goal.
I'm responsible.
It can bum you out when your intentions aren't, like, translated properly.
I think if you are going to be a singer, you should sing. If you are going to be a dancer, you should dance. If you are going to do a combination of the two, you should make it very clear when you are singing and very clear when you are dancing.
You're an animal, you live, maybe this one time is your lifetime - go there. Who cares what somebody else thinks?
I don't get embarrassed.
I think I am really irreverent and I pretty much just talk to and about men the way men talk to and about women.
I think there's a good pop song in pretty much anything.
I think people need to have fun with whatever they're doing - makeup, their clothes, music, live shows - anything you don't need to take too seriously, don't take too seriously.
My band and I, we cover our bodies in hairspray and glitter. We use the hairspray to make sure the glitter sticks.
I like vintage a lot.
I don't go to clubs.
All men that date me have to know that their name may end up in a pop song.
I hope to bring much more attention to important issues and change for issues and practices that are harming animals.
You never know what an artist is going to create next.
Writing for somebody else is really fun 'cause I consider myself a songwriter first and foremost.
I've done the country, done the pop-rock, done the super-hard electro.
I'm not thuggy.
If you want to be a legitimate artist, it's more important what you say no to.
Rap in general has never been my steez, but I like it.
I don't have the best body in the world, but I know for a fact that I have a really good voice.
I'm really fun. I'm ridiculously fun. I hope I'm infectiously fun.
I do love country music.
I love country music, blues, and punk, and one day I might make those kinds of records.
What I'm bringing to the pop table is that I'm not pretentious.
I'm writing constantly about all my crazy experiences across the world, so I have a lot of music I've already written.
I've always been into bearded dudes.
I'm over dudes trying to look like they're in boy bands.
I plan on making a lot more records, and hopefully one of them will be Grammy worthy.
Everything I write is based on something I've personally experienced, or things that my friends have experienced that I just find horribly entertaining.
I love creepy old dudes. I love that they have so much self-confidence, despite having no evidence whatsoever to back it up.
I'm just very amused by five-year-old humor.
I have rock 'n' roll pumping through my veins.
I write about stuff that happens to me, so I try to live as interesting a life as possible.
I want to reconnect to my animal life.
My show is a sensory assault... in a very brief manner - the show is only 25 minutes long.
I never want to be pretentious.
I do my laundry on a weekly basis.
I am a huge fan of the transgender community.
I think people should give in to what they feel like doing at the time and be a raw animal.
Sometimes it is hard to sing and dance at the same time, but I would rather be off and be real and genuine about it to my fans.
I don't want to treat my fans like they are stupid.
I do destroy men on a weekly basis. It's like a hobby. I'm like a praying mantis.
I know that I can sing. That's the reason I started playing music when I was twelve years old.
I write about what I'm going through.
I just like playing with makeup and clothes - so I really don't feel like there are rules, and if there are rules, then I think it's up to you to break them.
I don't want young people to think they can't make a difference because they don't have money.
It is so fascinating that someone can commit their whole entire lifestyle to being such a fantastic woman when I'm such a bum about it.
