American,Musician
The coal mining industry is very destructive and it doesn't have to be.
I remember lying on the floor of the living room with headphones on when I was four or five years old, listening to the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack.
At Christmas our house is like a Donnie and Marie Christmas Special.
But I would lie on the floor and analyze everything. I'd listen to all the strings and the background vocals on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack and try to pick out the different instruments.
Cancer is just a horrible disease.
Coal companies have a lot of power in the media, and unfortunately a lot of information doesn't get out.
Florida has tons of entertainment opportunities because Walt Disney World and Universal Studios are there.
For example, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States. Every four minutes someone is diagnosed, and every nine minutes someone dies.
I am not a tree-hugger and I don't think mine is an extreme point of view.
I believe as human beings we are out of balance, out of synch with the earth.
I did Chicago on Broadway the year before last. That was a great opportunity and I had a blast.
I had been singing all my life, but I started acting in high school.
I have been reading scripts, going to auditions and looking for the right opportunities.
I have been taking classes and I'm familiar with stage, but I'm not as familiar with acting on camera.
I just moved to Florida to seek out opportunities.
I sang in church choir all my life, through elementary school, junior high and high school.
I started playing in the band and learned to play piano by ear.
I wanted to help raise awareness, so I created an environmental foundation called Just Within Reach.
I wasn't originally taking drama, but the drama teacher asked me to audition for Bye, Bye Birdie. I did and got the lead role. Initially I was kind of scared, but once I did it I got bitten by the bug and loved it.
I've always loved music, not necessarily just the Osmonds.
If we can get kids talking about conservation and doing it, they can have a great influence on their parents by lecturing them and pointing the finger.
In musical theater you have to be very big and very animated, while film and television are more toned down.
My grandfather was in a barbershop quartet and my grandmother was in a gospel quartet with her sisters.
My mom sang in high school choir and so did my father.
Once colon cancer becomes symptomatic, nine times out of ten it is too late.
Prior to that I testified before the Senate subcommittee addressing mountaintop removal.
