American,Businessman
I believe people change. I think that they can learn from mistakes.
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.
Every great brand is like a great story.
I've always been a hustler.
Data is the new oil.
Winning, I believe, is a culture just as much as losing is.
Brands are about editing.
The purpose of Disneyland is to make people smile.
Motivation, passion, and focus have to come from the top.
I'm a big advocate of the power of positive thinking, particularly for small businesses.
I'm usually a pretty intense person. Give me an inch, and I'm going to go.
I wake up in the morning and I think about one brand. I don't have enough time to wake up twice and think about two.
Employees get things done. Partners get things done done. But owners get things done done done.
We don't care which products you like, but you should be using UnderArmour.com - which is now MapMyFitness - and having a reason to visit us every day.
I can't imagine trying to operate a company banking on the fact that my logo is cooler than somebody else's logo.
The ability to touch people and literally change lives is incredibly relevant in a consumer-products company.
My kids have been watching a lot of 'My Little Pony,' and it's rubbing off on me.
Blowing people's minds is one of my favorite things to do.
I want people to believe in themselves. I want intellectual curiosity. I want someone who realizes that they don't know it all and that they're dying to learn.
Don't ever, ever devalue your product. Ever. It's the worst thing anyone can do to hurt your brand.
It's absurd that you know more about your car than you know about your body.
Success doesn't happen quickly. It happens from doing the same thing over and over, becoming great at it, and delivering great value to consumers.
Before Under Armour, the only choices you had were to wear a short-sleeved cotton T-shirt in the summer or a long-sleeved cotton T-shirt in the winter. Why not make a better piece of equipment for underneath the shoulder pads?
Your attitude is contagious.
We want to shine a light on this great city of Baltimore. I can tell you, I love this city.
I don't like my competition. At all.
The markets are efficient over time.
At Under Armour, we've created a very strong culture, a culture that first and foremost is built on people.
Leadership is... to make sure you never limit the idea or opportunity.
The companies that do well are the companies that use math.
Maryland is one of the greatest schools that we have in this country.
I don't want to be characterized as the big booster guy.
People of Baltimore, if you want to simply learn a new trade, if you want to join the Foundry, it's a membership. It's like joining a gym, and you can go and meet other entrepreneurs like you. You can talk about how to get financing. You can take a class on how to sew. You can take a class and say, 'I want to be an electrician.'
Great companies have to manage the cadence of what they do.
I was always... naive enough to not know what I could not accomplish.
If I had been out in the industry instead of being a college kid who had an idea for another T-shirt, I would have been too scared to do anything.
I didn't like the way a wet cotton T-shirt felt under my equipment. There had to be something better.
The world cannot continue to build larger health care systems where you just sit around and wait for people to get sick.
We are not going to do ourselves any favors by buying into what's printed in newspapers.
There's no such thing as a good time. I started an apparel-manufacturing business in the tech-boom years. I mean, come on. Get out of your garage and go take a chance and start your business.
We don't tell a 17-year-old kid that Nike sucks, because the fact of the matter is, Nike doesn't suck. They're actually very good at what they do.
In my industry, a shirt and a shoe are still made the exact same way they were 80 years ago.
I don't believe in flagship retail, because the definition of flagship retail is that it's a marketing expense, and it's going to lose money.
The best merchants in the world aren't the ones predicting what's cool next; we're the ones dictating what's cool next.
Great brands are meant to be great aggregators.
People say they'll pay more for something made in the U.S., but they won't actually do it.
If you're going to start a company, it's not going to be in the millions of dollars, but it's going to be something - for a lot of these kids - out of the trunk of their car, the same way that I did.
The Small Business Administration was fundamental in helping our company. There's great initiative from the government if you know the right places to look.
Wipe the tears away, stand up, be a man, run your business, find a way.
Everybody is an expert. But at Under Armour, I want people to control what they can control. Leave the pontificating to everyone else. Leave all that negative talk to everyone else.
People look great in leggings and shorts and athletic clothes.
Nothing ever surprises me about the market.
The idea of insider information to me is almost, like, laughable.
San Francisco is one of the worst-dressed cities in the world, bar none.
When I tell you it's an Under Armour T-shirt, your question should be, 'What's it do?'
Stop with the stupid messages. I don't need a message that says, 'Go on, you can do it today.' What does that mean?!
I run five miles three times a week; I log everything. I look up routes when I travel.
I'm a sporting goods guy.
I love Monopoly. You know why? When I play Monopoly with you, I'm going to buy everything from Baltic Avenue to Marvin Gardens. If you get to my side of the board, you'd better roll boxcars, or you're going to pay rent.
I like people who go. I love energy.
In getting Under Armour started, like any business, I think, number one, you need a great idea. But it's also about who you know.
I was a not-big-enough, not-fast-enough football player who wanted a little bit of an edge on the field. I figured my own sweat, if I could get that off my body, and more importantly, the weight that stood behind it, that would help.
Go find out if you can make your product. Once you make it, stop projecting what's going to happen and go find out whether your product can sell. Find out whether someone is willing to take hard-earned cash out of their pocket and exchange it for your product.
I love Under Armour, and I would like stockholders to know that I am very committed to our company.
Brands are all about trust. That trust is built in drops and lost in buckets.
I want Baltimore to be the coolest city in the world.
At some point in your life, you'll find yourself in a similar position: Surrounded by people who are smarter, faster, who have more experience and more money - and you'll just have to find a way. And you'll have to do it with passion.
Passion means finding a way.
