American,Politician
My belief is you have one chance to make a first impression.
America needs education reform on all levels to expand quality schools, build on past successes, and lower college debt.
What you really want to do is sit down and find a place that you can control government spending and raise more revenue.
The simple truth is that the implementation of Obamacare has hurt Americans and their health care more than it has helped.
I like to be around people, so I ended up being roommates, right? I had a house. I lived with four guys.
I started my first business when I was 19. I learned a valuable lesson as a small business owner. You are the first one to work, last one to leave, and last one to be paid.
There's a staircase on the first floor of the Capitol that I walk every day. It's made of marble, and as you walk those steps, you think of those who've walked before you. You think of the challenges that the country's faced.
After hearing from my colleagues, I have decided to run for Speaker of the House. Let's work together to make a difference for our country.
Outside of the family, education is the greatest determinant of social mobility.
The edge of a black hole, the event horizon, is a boundary that marks the point of no return. Once an object crosses the event horizon, it cannot escape and will be ripped to pieces, atom by atom.
When it comes to tyrants, dictators and terrorists, strength and the threat of force is the only language they understand.
If we engage in a conflict that we know this is a threat to America, we should make it so one-sided that it gets over very quickly.
You cannot be the leader of the free world and sit on the sidelines and tweet and think you're going to get the job done.
There are two different types of leader. A person can either be like a thermometer or a thermostat. A thermometer will tell you what the temperature is. A thermostat will not only tell you what the temperature is, but it'll move you to the temperature you need to get to.
The facts are clear. Obamacare is failing the American people.
It's not easy for the average family to ensure that their child receives a quality education. And the federal government is not making it any easier.
I try to drive my office more as a start-up of ideas.
We have to defend America and be strong.
As any small business owner knows, starting a business is not glamorous work.
You have to reform the visa program. The chain migration system doesn't work. You need a guest workers program.
Many times, the Senate talks of things and never gets anything through.
When kids start school, families often have little choice over where they can go. Sometimes, children are forced into a failing school simply because their parents live in a certain district, and that school is the only option.
Life in the restaurant business can provide a start in the working world for young people or a stable living for many Americans and their families.
For restaurants that have a minimum gratuity charge on large groups, the IRS will now count those tips as regular wages rather than traditional tips that we are all familiar with when we dine out. Ask any server, and they will tell you that this will directly affect their day-to-day lifestyle.
How we fund transportation in this country is broken. You all pay a gasoline tax, right? Well, cars go farther, we get electric cars, and so on. And then we do more with the money than just build roads. We do bike lanes and mass transit.
I don't view myself as a team manager, but a team captain. I'm part of the team, but everybody else as well.
I met with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel, visited our allies in the Arab Gulf, traveled to Tunisia and Iraq, met with President Petro Poroshenko in Ukraine, and visited our allies in Germany, France, and the United Kingdom.
The principles that should guide American foreign policy are simple: the world is safer when America leads, only strength ensures peace and freedom, and America must stand with its allies and challenge its adversaries.
If Russia wants to use energy as a weapon against our friends and allies, let's use our resources to set them free.
In addition to billions in new 'stimulus' spending that our country can't afford, the Geithner plan also contains billions in tax increases on small and family-owned businesses while protecting the tax preferences of wealthy, multinational corporations.
Small businesses already struggle to compete with big businesses that enjoy the luxury of a tax code filled with corporate loopholes.
America is nation of people striving to make life better for themselves and for their families.
Together, we can create something new, something bold, and something to act as a check and balance to Washington's out-of-touch agenda.
As conservatives, we know our principles, and we also know the best ideas do not always come from Washington.
I believe in a free market of ideas and not shying away from debate.
In Washington, we've seen enough tax hikes, government takeovers, bailouts, and other big government solutions under Speaker Pelosi's control.
Working at a restaurant is a tough gig.
Servers make very little in regular wages and largely rely on tips to pay the bills and budget for weeks ahead.
Every American, whether Democrat or Republican, agrees that job creation and affordable energy will be crucial to our economic turnaround.
Keystone will deliver 830,000 barrels of oil per day from Canada, North Dakota, and Montana to Gulf Coast refineries.
Despite support from a majority of Americans, a majority of the House of Representatives, and a majority of the Senate, Keystone XL is stuck - stalled by special-interest politics.
Black holes destroy any objects that happen to fall victim to their gravitational pull.
Once our country is fully engulfed in a debt crisis, our economy will be torn apart, and every American will be a victim of the federal government's failure to prevent this disaster.
When gross public debt exceeds 90 percent of GDP, economic growth tends to decline considerably.
I don't want to become Washington.
When government grows, it breaks the family.
Peace comes through strength, not through retreat.
Politically correct speech will not defeat the enemy.
We can't be afraid to call the enemy what it is: Radical Islamic terrorism.
The gasoline tax is a user fee, but it does not fill enough of the need, and you want cars to be more efficient.
The challenge has been, we make policy in the world of politics.
Reagan was president and had Democrats control the House and Senate, and they reformed the tax code. Clinton was president, and he had Newt Gingrich and Bob Dole; they reformed welfare and balanced the budget.
Everybody has a say, everybody has a voice, because everyone that comes to the House had about 750,000 people they're representing . And you want those voices heard.
I'm willing to fight, but I want to fight to win.
Too many people in Washington care about power institutions, not caring about changing the lives of everyday Americans.
We know Africa does not have the same medical treatments as we do.
We have the best-trained military in the world.
It's the old Washington fiscal game of Jenga. You try to build as much debt as you can take, as much tax as you can take, until you topple the entire economy.
Budgets are blueprints and priorities.
I will tell you that the special relationship that America has with the Israeli people transcends any of the politics.
The best thing for the American public is that we do our job. That Washington changes. That the Senate and the House get together and fix their differences and find common ground.
The first priority of the Republican majority is the security of Americans.
We are committed to doing trade, tax reform, infrastructure. All we need is someone that wants to work with us.
We're going to do tax reform to let people keep more of what they earn, grow an economy, and be able to save for your children's future and buy a new house.
I think there's an ability to make an immigration system that works.
Every sandwich I sold, the city got more sales tax, the state got more. But they came in and they would want to give me a ticket because I have a sign outside trying to get more business, right?
If you're in the minority, every advantage is against you, right? So the only advantage you have against the majority is they're too lazy to know their own rules, right? So it's like a game of poker.
You can't serve on every committee. But you can know what happened, what the debate was, who said what.
Being whip is working with members, educating them, and trying to move legislation forward.
The thing that we tell - that I tell - members is, 'Vote your district. Vote your conscience; just don't surprise us.'
The whip's office is almost more educational - educating members on the bill itself, listening to members ahead of time.
I believe in being a happy conservative: that you're happy because your policies will give people greater freedom, greater independence. But you have to explain why your policy makes life better.
I don't come from an Ivy League school or anywhere else.
The only way that I can do better than someone else, maybe they're better at something else, but they'll never beat me at work.
A lot of times, people just want to be an individual. But if you really want to win, at the end of the day, it's not about you just achieving something. Everybody can achieve more if they work together.
I don't need a strong EPA. I don't need to fund a lot of money there.
