American,Editor
We are infected by our own misunderstanding of how our own minds work.
The nature of an innovation is that it will arise at a fringe where it can afford to become prevalent enough to establish its usefulness without being overwhelmed by the inertia of the orthodox system.
It has become evident that the primary lesson of the study of evolution is that all evolution is coevolution: every organism is evolving in tandem with the organisms around it.
A brain is a society of very small, simple modules that cannot be said to be thinking, that are not smart in themselves. But when you have a network of them together, out of that arises a kind of smartness.
But when you are embodied in a location, in a physical plant, in a set of people, and in a common history, that constrains your evolution and your ability to evolve in certain directions.
Technological advances could allow us to see more clearly into our own lives.
It's generally much easier to kill an organization than to change it substantially.
Organisms by their design are not made to adapt too far.
When a system is in turbulence, the turbulence is not just out there in the environment, but is a part of the organization or organism that you are looking at.
An organization's reason for being, like that of any organism, is to help the parts that are in relationship to each other, to be able to deal with change in the environment.
The way to build a complex system that works is to build it from very simple systems that work.
It's more along the lines of raising a child: we train the system to a certain range of behaviors that we find most useful. But then we let it go, because we don't want to have to be babysitting it the whole time.
Species go extinct because there are historical contraints built into a given body or a given design.
An organization is a set of relationships that are persistent over time.
One of the functions of an organization, of any organism, is to anticipate the future, so that those relationships can persist over time.
Each system is trying to anticipate change in the environment.
The most interesting thing about change in the environment is that for the most part the environment isn't changing.
The most certain thing you can say about the environment tomorrow is that it probably is going to be just like today, for the most part.
The way that organizations and organisms anticipate the future is by taking signals from the past, most the time.
Each organism's environment, for the most part, consists of other organisms.
In a broad systems sense, an organism's environment is indistinguishable from the organism itself.
The organization and the environment are in concert.
The current understanding was that it was impossible to predict how something would evolve because it was a very turbulent environment full of things interacting with each other.
But in fact, when you try to model that on a computer you find that because of the very structure of matter and of the chemical bonds that are the basis of every organism, evolution is not random at all. It will tend to follow certain paths.
Basins of attraction, of self organization, show up as well in our complex social environment, in human organizations. Here again, while we cannot predict the result of any given input, we can say that it will likely fall within one of several areas.
All imaginable futures are not equally possible.
