American,Entertainer
It's harder than it looks to juggle all those things: relationship, movies, YouTube.
We want to create content that our fans will like but at the same time stretches us creatively, with our own little touch.
Whether it's singing, modeling, acting, you name it, they always label you as the YouTuber, the social media kid, the social media star. It's something that I've heard - a lot - but I kind of just put it to the side.
If I want to act, I'm gonna act. And if I consider myself an actor, that's all that matters to me.
I get referred to as the social media kid on set, but I don't let it bother me. I try not to.
I grew up watching Jim Carrey, and I was like, 'I want to be like him. I want to do what exactly what he does.' YouTube was just a platform, kind of like a trampoline to, like, bounce into it at a faster rate.
We can talk and get feedback about our videos directly from some of our biggest fans. We can't stress the importance of that connection enough.
Working with a full Hollywood team has been an awesome learning experience, and I definitely want to pursue acting more.
To all of our viewers out there - expect the unexpected.
I grew up watching 'The Ring,' 'The Grudge,' all those scary movies.
I went from basically filming in my bedroom by myself, filming some funny videos, and then overnight, I switched into filming in some studios and some warehouses and family homes. I started filming with directors and producers and editors, and there were so many people in the room, so it was definitely weird.
I want to stick with movies, but I also want to stick with YouTube. I'm never going to give up YouTube. I'm never going to stop making videos for the people who continue to watch them. That's my home base. That's what I love; that's what I know.
I'd love to get into comedy and test out new genres of film.
It's hard to act in front of a lot of people.
When I do videos, it's just myself.
As someone who started in the digital background, it's an easier, better, faster platform to bounce off of. You already have so much momentum, and you already have the experience. You're already comfortable being in front of the camera.
Social media stars are kind of taking the traditional route, like movies.
