American,Musician
Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls.
I could care less about what people think. I'm a Devil Without A Cause.
If it looks good, you'll see it. If it sounds good, you'll hear it. If its marketed right, you'll buy it. But... If its real... you'll feel it.
I have nightmares that I'm going to wake up, and everyone's driving a Prius and living in a condo, and we're all getting health insurance.
I do not believe that artists or actors and people should be out there like voicing their full-blown opinions on politics because, let's face it, at the end of the day, I'm not that smart of a guy.
Athletes and musicians make astronomical amounts of money. People get paid $100 million to throw a baseball! Shouldn't we all take less and pass some of that money onto others? Think about firefighters, teachers and policemen. We should celebrate people that are intellectually smart and trying to make this world a better place.
I truly believe that people like myself, who are in a position of entertainers in the limelight, should keep their mouth shut on politics.
Being a father helps me be more responsible... you see more things than you've ever seen.
I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop.
I think I did every drug known to mankind, smoked crack, boozed, dropped acid, you name it.
I love to be pushed so I can prove myself, because once again, I will.
Bringing people together is one of my favorite things... I believed that's what a rock 'n' roll Jesus would really do - bring people together through music.
Are some women and children going to die? Yeah. But it's doing the right thing. You got money, you sit around talking about peace. People who don't have money need some help.
I was the little white kid who rocked the turntables.
I guess there's enough information out there to support that I'm a crazy, wild dude and rock and roll and this, that and the other. And there's enough information to support that, you know, I'm a single father, that, you know, has been a pretty standup guy in his community and pretty private about that stuff.
I'm actually a pretty decent human being, and when I'm home I'm straight as an arrow.
Detroit: Cars and rock 'n' roll. Not a bad combo.
I think what I've learned out of this lifetime is you should be proud of where you come from.
I am an avid hunter and marksman, and I will not hesitate to shoot anyone who has myself or family in fear for our lives.
I know a lot of people who are struggling musicians; it's a hard life, and I've risked being that. The rewards are tremendous now that I've made it, I thank God every day. But I put it all on the line for it.
I take the invasion of my personal space very seriously.
I make a lot of money. I can take a pay cut. All my friends are taking pay cuts that are in the unions, that are - that are farming in Alabama or whatever it is. I can surely take a pay cut, too, not cutting down my show or - or the people that work for me, I can take a pay cut.
My good friends call me Bobby.
A lot of people told me that I'm committing musical suicide with my sound.
My past is a bit checkered.
That's why I called my record Devil Without a Cause - I'm a white boy who's so sick of hearing that white kids are going to steal rap.
You've got to work hard for your success and you've got to have a steady presence. That's the secret.
I play Rock 'n' Roll, that's what I do.
I've never done songs with people just for the sake of the great combination. I've always done songs with friends.
I know I'm not the best. I'm not the best singer, I'm not the best songwriter, I'm not the best player.
I've paid for more pianos in hotel lobbies than you can imagine.
I bought a book of Mark Twain quotes. That's about my speed. I'll read a couple quotes and put it down.
People in north Michigan are not different at all from people in southern Alabama. Trust me, someone who's spent a lot of time in both places. They're all hardworking, simple people.
I just have never got into reading.
The Majestic Theater in 1990. That was one of my first real shows where I had 300 to 400 people there.
I've never played the PR game.
I always looked up to so many people before me and was lucky to become such good friends with them. I learned so much hanging out with those cats.
When I was making my first record there would be something that would come out that would inspire you, you know? You'd see someone on TV or on the radio.
I like who I am.
You know, I guess there's enough information out there to support that I'm a crazy, wild dude and rock and roll and this, that and the other. And there's enough information to support that, you know, I'm a single father, that, you know, has been a pretty standup guy in his community and pretty private about that stuff. But it's on both sides.
There's always a Justin Bieber. Ever since I've been around, there's always been one of him.
If you had told me when I was starting out that I would be coming down to Nashville, kind of weaving in and out of the country scene, I never would've thought that in a million years.
I don't write songs thinking about formats, where is it going to get played, who am I gonna please, what's the outlet for it.
I've got my own studio, so I sit in my studio writing and if I get a great take, that's the take.
I still love old-school hip-hop, but there hasn't been a lot that I've taken from the new stuff.
I'm all about change, and I know things are going to move forward in life, and that's just how it goes.
I've always made music from the heart, and that's what I do.
I've always had a love of country music.
And now that Martina McBride knows of T.I., and T.I. knows of Martina McBride, that made me very happy, too. It's introducing worlds to different people and bringing them together with a song.
I tend to vote Republican, but I don't like the hardcore views on either side, and I'm not in bed with anybody.
Everything I've done in my career has started in and around Detroit, you know, the metro area and Michigan.
I see the people in Detroit are very - they're like a lot of cities, but they're very proud to be from there and they really want to see change and they really want to see good things happen.
A common man, even like myself, I don't know how to pay my taxes.
Money's really - you know, song writing, yes, there's money to be made and things like that. But really, when you talk about the real money, you talk about touring. No question.
Make no mistake: Bob Ritchie's up early in the morning taking pictures of his son on the first day of his senior year. Kid Rock is passed out in a hotel room somewhere with four scantily-clad women.
These poor kids in Baghdad have no running water, no showers. They wipe with baby wipes. My heart goes out to them.
There's so many examples of just how lucky we are to be born anywhere in this world that is free.
I still believe I have a lot of liberal thoughts, but I also believe when you work hard, you shouldn't be penalized and pay more because you work hard.
Go where you're celebrated, not tolerated. I'm celebrated in Detroit.
I collect cars and bikes. One of my most special rides is a black 1930s Cadillac V16, and then I've got a few West Coast choppers.
I'm not a greedy man; there really is nothing I couldn't live without. But if there was a fire, and I saved my child and my pets, I'd be happy.
I don't read books. I like to read newspapers and magazines, but I've never learnt to enjoy books or novels.
Chris Rock is a good friend of mine, and he is hysterical.
I see friends who are in different genres of music, and they say they're so burnt playing the same stuff every night. That's why you see a country act wanting to go out and play an old classic rock song. But what cracks me up is that they all want to be Jimmy Buffett. I can't figure that out.
People ask all the time, 'What would you be doing if you weren't Kid Rock?' It's simple: I'd be broke Kid Rock.
I think generally I'm a pretty good person if I had to grade myself. Or toot my own horn.
I still don't believe that all pieces of music are the same price. I just don't think that's America.
As a musician, you want the music in as many hands as you can get it into. More importantly, I want people to get the music for the fairest price, and in the most convenient way. And that's really turned into iTunes when you're talking about selling albums.
Knowing so many people like myself who are singers and in traveling bands, the people you're in a relationship with feel slighted because they feel you're giving all your energy to your fans, and there's a lot of truth to that.
Tell me if this is wrong. Justin Bieber... is 100 percent like watching Vanilla Ice all over again. It's exactly the same. Well, as soon as Bieber has a hit, he'll be like Vanilla Ice.
There's no way anyone in the world is having more fun than I am. I truly believe that.
Playing a concert for 2 hours is pie. I would do that every minute of every day if I could. I love to perform. It's the 22 hours before the next show that kills you.
I think anybody that's worked hard and has built something and has been successful can testify to how, you know, how wonderful that was, how wonderful it still is.
I'm not only a fan of Apple products, I have stock in the company. I think Steve Jobs has started one of the greatest corporations in the world.
Getting married was a ball. Being married was... a nightmare.
There's nothing better than seeing people you know being able to work and support their families. Knowing you have a little hand in it? Now, that really makes you feel good.
You know how much money the oil companies have? If you need some gas, just go fill your tank off and drive off - they're not going to miss it.
I don't steal things. I'm rich.
I've got friends who didn't vote. I want to smack them upside the head.
If people had good albums, they'd be buying albums. But people are buying singles because they only have good songs.
The program director at a radio station, by the way, is not the superstar. If he was a superstar, he'd be out creating songs, but he's not. But he wants to act like he has control and power.
I think celebrity endorsements hurt politicians.
I do not understand rehab. If it works for people, then God bless them.
I have been to anger management twice. After the first session the lady was like, 'Baby, you don't seem that angry at all. You seem like a really nice guy.'
The spirit of rock 'n' roll is alive and well. It kind of just needs to be cultivated a little bit.
People love to hate other people.
I hate my own attorneys!
All girls want to be sexy.
I don't tell 'U.S. Weekly' which parties I'm going to. I write songs.
My goal is to get quieter as I get older.
When you're on TV in America, the girls love you. I'm not complaining.
I'm in awe of people like Jerry Lee Lewis and Little Richard; they're great musicians and people. But I'm most starstruck by people in the small town where I live. Especially single dads, like me, who are working five times as hard to raise their kids.
I'm a bit of an insomniac. I'm always thinking. I've got a lot of ideas for lyrics and shows. I have a notepad by the side of the bed and voice recorders around the house.
Every day I feel different about music, but what never changes is my love for it.
I've always made music from the heart, and that's what I do. And at the end of the day, whether it works or not, I can say I tried my best.
