American,Actor
In order to achieve anything you must be brave enough to fail.
I guess I was a bad boy... Yes, yes, I've had lots of women in my life.
I didn't think I was so tough until I did 'Champion'; then I was a tough guy.
Virtue is not photogenic. What is it to be a nice guy? To be nothing, that's what. A big fat zero with a smile for everybody.
When you have a stroke, you must talk slowly to be understood, and I've discovered that when I talk slowly, people listen. They think I'm going to say something important!
Sometimes, the thing that ties you down sets you free.
The learning process continues until the day you die.
My mother, we were a very poor family. When I was a kid, we would be in our little room, and there would be a knock on the door almost every night with a hobo begging for food. Even though we didn't even have enough to eat, my mother always found something to give them.
My four sons all knew I was a Jew, but they were allowed to be whatever they wanted to be. The only thing important to me was that they be good people who help other people, because all religion should try to make you a better person and a more caring person. Whenever religion does that for you, it's a good religion.
Virtue is not photogenic, so I liked playing bad guys. But, whenever I played a bad guy, I tried to find something good in him, and that kept my contact with the audience.
God bless Dad, he came to every one of my shows. I was bad, and I had horrible stage fright. My dad was so relieved - he'd say, 'You were terrible; this kid is not going to be an actor.' Finally, I did a play and he said, 'Son - you were really good.'
When you reach 95, after you get over your surprise, you start looking back.
I don't need a critic to tell me I'm an actor. I make my own way. Nobody's my boss. Nobody's ever been my boss.
Listen - pacemaker, crash, stroke. What does it mean? God doesn't want me now. That's all.
I love talking to interesting people - people like O.J. Simpson, Andretti... I love champions. A champion has something special about him.
If you want to know about a man you can find out an awful lot by looking at who he married.
When you become a star, you don't change - everyone else does.
Why can't a woman be more like a dog, huh? So sweet, loving, attentive.
Love has more depth as you get older.
I came from abject poverty. There was nowhere to go but up.
People are always talking about the old days. They say that the old movies were better, that the old actors were so great. But I don't think so. All I can say about the old days is that they have passed.
People are composed of many things, and in my work, what influences me is the complexity of people - the chiaroscuro of dark and light. When I play a strong guy, I try to find, where is he weak? And, conversely, when I play a weak guy, where is he strong?
Now, what does an actor who can't talk do? Wait for silent pictures to come back?
If I have to speak in public, I am terrified.
Acting is a youthful profession.
I never had any desire to be a film actor. I never thought I was the good-looking movie type, which I assumed they wanted.
Cancer does give you a new rejuvenation. I know what it's like to be down. I lost a couple of good friends - Larry Hagman and Nick Ashford - who had the same type of cancer that I did, and that makes you think.
I was conscious of my father's fame from the time I was 6.
Being second generation in Hollywood is complicated: Success is expected, and yet the track record of the second generation is not great. Only a small group of us, like Jane Fonda, have succeeded.
