American,Actress
I binge when I'm happy. When everything is going really well, every day is like I'm at a birthday party.
You'll never be disappointed if you always keep an eye on uncharted territory, where you'll be challenged and growing and having fun.
Indians have a big problem with alcohol and drugs. I grew up with an admiration for their culture and was sensitive to their problems.
I sort of feel sorry for the next man who gets me. I may just kill him with passion. He'd better be strong and have a good heart!
I've been irresponsible many, many, many times and that has resulted in my being fat.
The thing about me is, I don't care what religion you are. If someone is attacking your religion, I will have your back, and I will defend you. I think that is the most repulsive thing a person can do, attack another person's faith.
My food demons are Chinese food, sugar, butter.
It was the greatest thing in the world getting fat. Every meal out was an event. Or we'd go to Italy and we'd have pasta, truffles, and dessert and then plan the next incredible meal. It was a happy-go-lucky time. I never had so much fun.
You're not going to live your life unscathed.
When you're the spokeswoman for a weight-loss program, everything is witnessed. I weigh in once a week with a witness. I have to sign an affidavit saying I cannot have any surgeries.
When push comes to shove, it ain't the science that's going to lift you up - it's the belief, the spiritual side of life, that's going to lift you up, no matter what religion you are.
When I was straight, I had the courage and energy to become an actress. I owe my career to my will to stop using.
When I see someone who is starved, they don't look alert. They don't have boundless energy. If you're too skinny, it looks like you're near death.
When I play ball, I play hardball.
Usually, about 85 percent of what the tabloids report is a lie. Over the last year, I can truly say it has been 99 percent.
Until I separated from Parker, I had never been without them-and it's the hardest thing to share them. But we're trying to give the children the semblance of having whole lives.
Through history, people look for something spiritual. The greatest scientists in the world were men of religion and faith, too.
There's always somebody older, richer, more desperate than you.
There's a lot more to life than how fat or thin you are.
The reason I went for Jenny Craig is I thought, Maybe I'm not the only one who has stupid reasons for getting fat.
No matter what parents do, kids retain their uniqueness.
Look for someone who has a complete life without you in it. If you have a person you don't need for anything, that's ideal. You're just together because you really want to be.
It's amazing how coke encompasses everything in your life. Addicts cannot confront life because they only think of their next hit. I ruined life for my parents, my sister and all my friends.
I was so naive I didn't even know about agents. I telephoned the William Morris agency and asked to speak to Mr. Morris. I expected Bill Morris to be waiting for my call.
I probably spend more time with my kids than the average stay-at-home mother.
I never did go back to acting class. I was too busy working.
