American,Athlete
Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise.
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do.
I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it.
I can't relate to lazy people. We don't speak the same language. I don't understand you. I don't want to understand you.
If you're afraid to fail, then you're probably going to fail.
Sports are such a great teacher. I think of everything they've taught me: camaraderie, humility, how to resolve differences.
The important thing is that your teammates have to know you're pulling for them and you really want them to be successful.
Winning takes precedence over all. There's no gray area. No almosts.
I don't want to be the next Michael Jordan, I only want to be Kobe Bryant.
These young guys are playing checkers. I'm out there playing chess.
The topic of leadership is a touchy one. A lot of leaders fail because they don't have the bravery to touch that nerve or strike that chord. Throughout my years, I haven't had that fear.
I'm reflective only in the sense that I learn to move forward. I reflect with a purpose.
In an individual sport, yes, you have to win titles. Baseball's different. But basketball, hockey? One person can control the tempo of a game, can completely alter the momentum of a series. There's a lot of great individual talent.
I'm chasing perfection.
People just don't understand how obsessed I am with winning.
I don't talk trash often, but when I do, I go for the jugular.
What people see on court is another side of me; it's not me.
I'll do whatever it takes to win games, whether it's sitting on a bench waving a towel, handing a cup of water to a teammate, or hitting the game-winning shot.
I focus on one thing and one thing only - that's trying to win as many championships as I can.
Everyone looks at your watch and it represents who you are, your values and your personal style.
I like playing for the purple and gold. This is where I want to finish up.
I've played with IVs before, during and after games. I've played with a broken hand, a sprained ankle, a torn shoulder, a fractured tooth, a severed lip, and a knee the size of a softball. I don't miss 15 games because of a toe injury that everybody knows wasn't that serious in the first place.
It's disgusting, but my father taught me when your mouth gets dry, just suck the sweat out of your own jersey. There's no bravado to any of it; it's just a disgusting little trick.
I'm not the most patient of people.
I love going one-on-one with someone. That's what I do. I've never lost. It's a whole different game, just to have them right in front of you and be able to do whatever you want.
If there were camera phones back in the day, the biggest athletes in the world would have had a lot of explaining to do.
