American,Author
If you don't think your anxiety, depression, sadness and stress impact your physical health, think again. All of these emotions trigger chemical reactions in your body, which can lead to inflammation and a weakened immune system. Learn how to cope, sweet friend. There will always be dark days.
You can't please everyone. When you're too focused on living up to other people's standards, you aren't spending enough time raising your own. Some people may whisper, complain and judge. But for the most part, it's all in your head. People care less about your actions than you think. Why? They have their own problems!
There's a great metaphor that one of my doctors uses: If a fish is swimming in a dirty tank and it gets sick, do you take it to the vet and amputate the fin? No, you clean the water. So, I cleaned up my system. By eating organic raw greens, nuts and healthy fats, I am flooding my body with enzymes, vitamins and oxygen.
Dinner is where the magic happens in the kitchen.
Folks are like plants; we all lean toward the light.
Your self-worth has nothing to do with your craft or calling, and everything to do with how you treat yourself.
You don't have to become a vegan. You can become a plant-passionate, plant-inspired bean lover!
Trust is a core currency of any relationship. Sometimes our need to control and micromanage everything erodes our confidence in ourselves and others. The truth: People are much more capable than we think. A hearty dose of trust is often what's needed to unlock the magic. Go ahead, have faith.
Honestly, self-care is not fluffy - it's something we should take seriously.
Gut health is the key to overall health.
My refrigerator is powerful. In fact, it has a direct link to my overall well-being.
People ask me if I live each day like it's my last, and I don't. I live each day like it's my first, and I can't wait for the next one.
I tell people, 'I have a Ph.D. from Google University.'
Change your plate. Change your fate.
Above all, cancer is a spiritual practice that teaches me about faith and resilience.
If I let a blue mood run rampant, before I know it I'm obsessing about the color of the satin lining in my coffin - will it match my dress? That's when I feel like Alice in Cancerland falling down the rabbit hole and just have to stop.
Eventually cancer becomes just another annoying thing that you deal with, you know, like cellulite.
Processed foods cause inflammation, a source of most chronic illnesses as well as stress.
If it has a shelf life longer than you, don't eat it.
If it is made in a lab then it takes a lab to digest.
We're so conditioned to believe that milk does a body good and that we need enormous amounts of protein or we'll wither away. Look around, we're not withering - we're fat.
There's nothing sexy about cancer.
Cancer is very chaotic.
Yes, I have cancer and it might not go away, but I can still have a future because life goes on.
Every time I see a cardinal, I know my grandmother is with me. This regal, red bird was Grandma's favorite.
At one of my lowest points, sugar had a painful grip on me. I'd buy/binge and then beat myself up over my behavior.
