American,Journalist
If your audience is young, it'd be youth culture, if your audience is older, it'd be older people, if it were senior citizens, it'd be senior citizen issues. So you try and hit the target audience.
Whomever you're going to interview, you have to be interested in what it is you want to know from them. You have to be interested in the subject.
You find the most important thing that really grabs you, and put it right up top. Don't bury the lead. Put it at the top. Best thing to do. Never go wrong that way. It's an immutable law of journalism. It just always works.
So you shouldn't really flatter yourself that they want to be your buddy. They don't. Generally. They want you for some reason or other, and you just have to fend that off all the time.
Well, news is anything that's interesting, that relates to what's happening in the world, what's happening in areas of the culture that would be of interest to your audience.
Well, in features, and in writing especially, it's often the style of the writer comes in.
Well, a lead is the most important thing about the story.
Unless you're doing a feature piece, which is going to be longer, and you have more time to get into stuff.
Television's very dependent on images. That's not what news is.
Television's not going read stories to you.
Some of the most important stories don't lend themselves to television treatment.
So, yeah, I think it had a major effect. I think in franchising younger people, it was just an idea that's never been trotted out before, but it makes perfectly good sense.
So no one should rely on television either for their knowledge of music or for news. There's just more going on. It's an adjunct to the written word, which I think is still the most important thing.
Rewriting is a large part of the whole job. And get rid of stuff that's not working. Just pare it down until it's a beautiful thing you can hand in, probably late, to your editor.
It's not a good thing to be friends with people you're covering. There's just no point in doing it. It's tempting, but they're not going to consider you their friend anyway. They just know that you're somebody that can do something for them.
It's gonna be short if it's news; put it at the top. Style's not an issue, just make it news.
If you ask questions that interest you, you'll get answers that interest your audience.
I worked for a newspaper in Europe for, I lived in Europe for about seven years, so I worked in this sort of a yellow journalism kind of a thing, it was like a scandal sheet.
I was in college for two years, and just hated it in the '60s.
I think television often has dismissed younger people. They figure, well, they're not really watching news, that's not our audience.
I spent time in, like, criminal courts, and covering murder trials for papers.
I know what the structure of the language is.
I don't find music being less important than, like, politics.
I came over here and worked for rock magazines, and I worked for Rolling Stone, which has a very high standard of journalism, a very good research department.
But music raises a lot of issues. Music is something that matters to people a lot, and they put a lot of passion into it. And I think when you have an area like that, you're gonna find a lot of issues coming up.
And you can't really cover people critically that you're friends with.
