American,Athlete
One thing that somebody told me is that leadership is a lonely role - some people can do it, and some people can't.
I love the gym; I love basketball. I'm really passionate about it.
All I do is sit at home and watch Netflix.
My focus is basketball, and that's it.
The only thing I command is respect.
When you're playing against a whole bunch of All-Stars, it's like a video game. There's so much talent on the floor at once.
I can't even give my father a proper gift. Every single Father's Day means so much to me. I'm so close to him. He's my big brother, but also my father.
'Grease' is an awesome movie. I wish they'd make a new one, more for our time. The graphics are terrible when you look back on it.
Going in, you want to play a perfect season and play throughout the whole entire season, but injuries are a part of basketball.
When I'm playing the 1-guard, I'm kind of seeing everything that's going on. When I play the 2, I have a more broader understanding of what's going on and where the screens are being set in order for not only myself to get open, but for my teammates.
I'm probably one of the most competitive people ever.
One game I'm always on is 'NBA Jam.' And 'Bejeweled,' games like that, and 'Temple Run.'
I've been musically inclined since I picked up an instrument in the fourth grade. I just really appreciate music. I love to listen to it; I love to sing. I wouldn't consider myself, like, a natural singer. I just developed it over time, honestly, just listening. I'm a great listener to music.
I'm going to give input when I need to. When it needs to be said.
I went to my agent and told them, 'I want to be on another Disney show.'
I do feel like a Clevelander. Every time, when people ask me, I automatically say, 'My home is Cleveland.'
Everybody in the NBA is good. And then you have the really good ones and the great ones.
You want to keep the defense guessing.
When it applies to the Olympics and making a decision, I have to claim Australia as my country.
Multiple Bentleys isn't making anyone 'financially set.'
Even during my injury, I had fun because I got to be a regular college kid.
I'm not really a big X's and O's guy, but if you want to go there, I'm more of a space-the-floor type of coach: Five out, zero in, and that's the way we play basketball, screen and roll here and there, pocket passes everywhere; it's what it's about.
I'm a big video game fan.
I don't leave home without my Skullcandy Crushers. I don't leave home without my Bible, without my phone, and without my computer.
I do have a chef, but I still go out. Sometimes I can still blend in, and sometimes I get a little bombarded. It's the best of both worlds.
I've worked countless hours in the gym, so I feel like I'm already prepared for the game. So when I'm listening to music pregame, it's really just about personal enjoyment.
