American,Athlete
If you knew you could change your lifestyle and diet and avoid heart disease and other things, you should do it.
Focus on being balanced - success is balance.
My father loves people. No matter what their race, no matter what their position in life, he treated everyone with kindness and love and respect. And that was instilled in me just by watching him.
You have to fight for your health and stay on top of it. Our bodies are meant to be healthy.
Authenticity is very important - be true to one's self.
I saw women's boxing on television for the first time when I was 18, and that's when I wanted to do it. So, it didn't come from me watching my father. I didn't know the sport existed; therefore, I wasn't really interested in it until I saw it.
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.
People who are fit are the same as anyone else. The only difference is their level of commitment. If looking good and being fit was easy, everyone would do it! Most people don't want to put in the work or make the sacrifices needed in order to be fit.
All fighters run. The constant motion prepares you for being in the ring. And running strengthens your legs. Punching power comes from your lower body.
I want to encourage women to take control of their health.
Anyone who's seen me before knows that when it's fight time, I don't have much to say.
I never intended to box forever, and always planned to move on to do other things.
I think that if you do want to be a fighter, then you need to work harder than everybody else and make sure that you surround yourself with good people, especially if you're a woman. You've got to find a team that takes you seriously as a female fighter and is not going to rush you into the ring before you're ready.
I don't really try to tell people whether they should fight. It's definitely not for everybody.
I love engaging in conversation with other moms because we can relate to one another, and we swap valuable insight and information.
I'm private in the sense that I like my personal space and only want people in the parts of my business that I choose to share. Anything I feel is too personal to share publicly, I keep to myself.
I do my best to work out 5 days a week. There are times when I can only get in 3 days a week because I am traveling or just need rest due to a hectic schedule. But working out is always a priority, and if I fall off due to my schedule, it is not long before I get back on track.
My kids know the importance of being active - and that's why teaming up with the USTA was such an organic fit for me. They are making strives to get families outside - and using tennis as a way to get kids to stay active.
I have to get a workout in in the morning. Once my day starts, I'll have the best intentions, and it still won't happen: one of the kids needs to be picked up somewhere, I have to hop on a conference call, or I'm just tired. So I get it done in the A.M.
My dad lived by example. I lived by watching him. I watched all the great things he did and said. I try to walk that talk for my children.
I think that the greatest lesson I learned from my father is just having compassion towards people.
Everybody wants recognition, but we can't all get it.
People like to see me fight. A name can only take you so far. There are only a few fighters out of the thousands of boxers out there that have name recognition. I'm definitely not upset by that.
My dad is a comedian, entertainer, you know. He always likes to make people laugh. With me, it just depends on what mood I'm in. You get what you get.
I'm a professional world champion. Of course if you're a world champion, you're working harder than everybody else. You're making the commitment, and you're making the sacrifices. If it were easy, everybody would be able to do it. Everybody would be able to be world champion, but everybody can't be. Everybody doesn't have it in them.
Running is my time for myself. I'm like, 'I'm going for a run!' and my husband knows I'm out of there.
