American,Musician
I have a personal ambition to live my life honestly and honor the true love that I've had and also the people I've had around me. I want to stay hopeful, even though I get scared about why we're even alive at all.
I believe nothing happens by mistake. You know, the universe has a divine plan. That sounds dramatic.
If you are born an artist, you have no choice but to fight to stay an artist.
I have taken taking my music to labels for years, and everyone just thought it was creepy. They thought the images with the music were weird and verging on psychotic.
I've been writing since I was really young, so I considered myself a writer for a really long time.
I have a personal ambition to live my life honestly and honor the true love that I've had and also the people I've had around me.
I don't really have any gimmicks. I don't actually do anything that's strange. I don't even wear weird things.
Fashion is inspired by youth and nostalgia and draws inspiration from the best of the past.
I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.
There's backlash about everything I do.
I don't believe in the school of hard knocks, although I've had them. All that stuff about whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger is so not true. Do you know what makes you stronger? When people treat you and your art with dignity.
When I was very young I was sort of floored by the fact that my mother and my father and everyone I knew was going to die one day, and myself too. I had a sort of a philosophical crisis. I couldn't believe that we were mortal.
When I walk outside, people have something to say about it.
When I found somebody who I fell in love with, it made me feel different than I felt the rest of the day. It was electrifying. That's what inspired the 'Off to the Races' melodies. That's one of the times when you're feeling electrified by someone else and they make you happy to be alive.
I knew I wanted to do something creative. I didn't think I'd have the luxury of doing something like that, because I didn't know anyone who had pursued anything they really adored, but I had dreams for singing or writing.
I'm a writer first and a singer second.
If you consider the definition of authenticity, it's saying something and actually doing it. I write my own songs. I made my own videos. I pick my producers. Nothing goes out without my permission. It's all authentic.
Feeling like you're respected among the people who do the same thing you do is incredible and necessary.
I'm a writer first and a singer second. And then I started editing my own videos when I was 17, so it's a process I've been doing since I was younger.
A lot of the time when I write about the person that I love, I feel like I'm writing about New York.
I write my own songs. I made my own videos. I pick my producers. Nothing goes out without my permission. It's all authentic.
A lot of the reason my look is the way it is, is because it's really easy to put on a sundress every night if I have to perform - or just wear jeans every day and a flannel or something.
I have kind of a funny relationship with movies. I don't have to see the whole movie to get an impression of it or to let it have an influence on me.
When I was young I felt really overwhelmed and confused by the desire not to end up in an office, doing something I didn't believe in.
I was always singing but didn't plan on pursuing it seriously. When I got to New York City when I was 18, I started playing in clubs in Brooklyn - I have good friends and devoted fans on the underground scene, but we were playing for each other at that point - and that was it.
I was going to Miami quite a lot at the time, speaking a lot of Spanish with my friends from Cuba - Lana Del Rey reminded us of the glamour of the seaside. It sounded gorgeous coming off the tip of the tongue.
