American,Musician
I think everyone dreams of that nice romantic wedding.
I'm at peace with my family, my friends, myself and God so there's really nothing else that I worry about.
He's a couple sandwiches short of a picnic.
I find that once you start helping others, it makes you feel better about yourself. It helps you figure out what you want to do with your own life.
I'm a family guy, so I would love to have a family; I would love to find that perfect person to have a family with.
The beginning of the shows are different. One time we'll say 'Hello, Denver'. Another time we'll say 'Hello, Memphis'. It's always different.
You've got to have a sense of humor to keep your sanity.
I can't bear looking in the mirror - I guess that's why my hair looks like this.
I'm more liberated and happy than I've been my whole life. I'm just happy.
I'm very religious.
I've always been interested in making movies.
We joke about it in the entertainment industry: Every actor wants to be a musician, and every musician wants to be an actor.
I'm more interested in producing than acting.
Somebody might get criticized for doing some movie that totally sucks, then turn around and be incredible. Every actor goes through that, not just musicians who act.
I've been asked too many times to write a book by the fans.
I definitely didn't want to be that person that came out and was like, 'O.K. I'm going to lead every parade.'
The gay community is very fickle. And I know because I'm part of it and I see it every day.
You know once you get in the business you know what you're getting into.
Unfortunately, if you don't want to be in the spotlight, get out of it.
I've definitely, you know, been with women. And I've had great relationships with them where I was definitely in love. It's just I grew to a point where deep inside I knew that I could never truly have a relationship with a woman. I don't know if they ever suspected. It was never brought up.
Very few people have the guts to come up to you and say, 'Hey, are you gay?'
I just think with acting, there's not a time limit on it.
Speaking out is important for me because everyone should be treated equally.
I am fortunate enough with my career that I can speak out to the masses and hopefully be a part of initiating change.
It doesn't matter what color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, etc., everyone should have the same freedoms and liberties.
At some point in our lives there's something about every one of us that makes us feel like an outsider, I believe.
