American,Poet
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.
Beauty for some provides escape, who gain a happiness in eyeing the gorgeous buttocks of the ape or Autumn sunsets exquisitely dying.
I live in Harlem, New York City. I am unmarried. I like 'Tristan,' goat's milk, short novels, lyric poems, heat, simple folk, boats and bullfights; I dislike 'Aida,' parsnips, long novels, narrative poems, cold, pretentious folk, buses and bridges.
In all my life, I have never been free. I have never been able to do anything with freedom, except in the field of my writing.
I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you really want to go.
Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.
My soul has grown deep like the rivers.
Hold fast to dreams For when dreams go Life is a barren field Frozen with snow.
We Negro writers, just by being black, have been on the blacklist all our lives. Censorship for us begins at the color line.
Writing is like travelling. It's wonderful to go somewhere, but you get tired of staying.
We younger Negro artists who create now intend to express our individual dark-skinned selves without fear or shame. If white people are pleased, we are glad. If they are not, it doesn't matter. We know we are beautiful. And ugly too.
I swear to the Lord, I still can't see, why Democracy means, everybody but me.
My chief literary influences have been Paul Laurence Dunbar, Carl Sandburg, and Walt Whitman. My favorite public figures include Jimmy Durante, Marlene Dietrich, Mary McLeod Bethune, Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt, Marian Anderson, and Henry Armstrong.
Without going outside his race, and even among the better classes with their 'white' culture and conscious American manners, but still Negro enough to be different, there is sufficient matter to furnish a black artist with a lifetime of creative work.
Perhaps the mission of an artist is to interpret beauty to people - the beauty within themselves.
My writing has been largely concerned with the depicting of Negro life in America.
To my mind, it is the duty of the younger Negro artist, if he accepts any duties at all from outsiders, to change through the force of his art that old whispering 'I want to be white,' hidden in the aspirations of his people, to 'Why should I want to be white? I am a Negro - and beautiful!'
When peoples care for you and cry for you, they can straighten out your soul.
What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun? Or does it explode?
One of the great needs of Negro children is to have books about themselves and their lives that can help them be proud.
I will not take 'but' for an answer.
The Jewish people and the Negro people both know the meaning of Nordic supremacy. We have both looked into the eyes of terror.
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose.
I was a victim of a stereotype. There were only two of us Negro kids in the whole class, and our English teacher was always stressing the importance of rhythm in poetry. Well, everybody knows - except us - that all Negroes have rhythms, so they elected me class poet.
