American,Actress
Coffee and smoking are the last great addictions.
I love talking about myself.
I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.
I had so many freckles that my mother used to say that they were kisses from the angels. I still have them.
That's what the holidays are for - for one person to tell the stories and another to dispute them. Isn't that the Irish way?
I remember doing the sex scene in Red Rock West. I had to kiss Nic Cage and then look like I was going down on him. And he couldn't do anything - he just had to lie there.
Sometimes when you're just thrown into something, you are more ready for it than when you have time to think it over and get nervous about it.
I spent every day just praying that I didn't look like a big dork on camera.
But Tommy Lee Jones is just smooth. He's just the real deal. I'm captivated by him because there's so little of that in Hollywood, and he just embodies it.
You know, the bigger you get and the more success you have, the more people you can fill your house with to tell you how great you are. You can do that.
You can get through your whole day only around people who will tell you that you're wonderful. But pretty soon they're going to have to be lying about that.
I know that I'm getting the real deal with my mom. I know that she's telling it like it is. She's proud of me when I've earned it and she's disappointed in me when I've earn that. She's really my spectrum on where I am as a person.
She comes from the Midwest. She had me at a very young age and raised me on her own. She's a very hard worker.
I love children and I love men, but I can't commit to either for the rest of my life.
I am a very selfish person.
I had such a great mom and I know that I'd never be that mom. I wouldn't want to bring a child into this world unless I could be.
I think the institution of marriage is a great idea, but for me it's just an idea.
And I don't believe that women can successfully have it all. I really don't.
I am very fortunate to have a career. I always have to act. I don't know if I'll have a career to support it for the rest of my life, but I know I'll always act.
And I think women have come a very, very long way, but they have a long way to go.
To put me through school my morn had to work, so I was a latchkey kid.
Being Irish was a big thing for me, particularly growing up in Chicago.
And while I might not always agree with the viewpoint I have to portray, because I play a district attorney, as an actress I can always tell myself that my character is trying to take the moral high ground.
I had never watched a law show prior to being cast on The Practice.
I've had Irish skin from the time I was a young girl.
I love receiving fan mail.
