American,Actor
Once you get rid of integrity the rest is a piece of cake.
As J.R. I could get away with anything - bribery, blackmail and adultery. But I got caught by cancer. I do want everyone to know that it is a very common and treatable form of cancer. I will be receiving treatment while working on the new 'Dallas' series.
Well I think they broke the mould when they made me and being humble is one of my great assets.
I didn't write the book to sell the book, but to tell my experiences.
My definition of a redundancy is an air-bag in a politician's car.
Good acting is all in the writing. If it isn't on the page, then it really won't make any difference. You cannot act on force of personality alone.
I barely watch TV apart from the news. Most of it is rubbish. There's all this reality nonsense and dross. I think there's a market for a well-produced, well-written melodrama like 'Dallas.' It's pure entertainment.
I was born with success. Lucky for me I am able to handle it. Also, I damn well deserve it!
We did 356 'Dallas' episodes between 1978 and 1991. The most memorable moment for me happened in 1980 when I got shot at the end of the third series. The rest is a blur.
You know Hollywood is a weird and wonderful place, I didn't know I Dream of Jeanie had been cancelled after 5 years until I went back to go on the lot to pick up some clothes and things I had in my dressing room.
If you do your research on hot springs all over the world, they're usually places of peace. People, even in warring nations and so forth, they'll go and live in peace together around the hot springs, which were always considered medicinal. I firmly believe in water therapy.
There are very little things in this life I cannot afford and patience is one of them.
Well, I decided to stop. And I did. I stopped smoking, and I stopped speed at the same time.
Well yes so far, I was recently in Germany and they had me do six book signings a day and that was too much so I had them cut it down to about three. It becomes taxing at times but its a lot of fun and you meet a lot of nice people.
No no there wasn't any planned 14th season, we all saw the writing on the wall. The ratings had been going down and so fourth, that curve goes on every show and in everybody's life.
Marijuana you can give up, Iv given it up for fifteen years now and it never occurs to me to smoke it anymore.
Later on when it became a routine it was not as exciting I'll admit that. The first three years were wonderful, the rest were just money making and having fun.
I'm sure it is, I'm not for any kind of war, we've been engaged in several wars since the second world war and we lost in Korea, we lost in Vietnam, they are political wars, they have nothing to do with any real threat, nor does this one.
I'm not well versed on the verbiage of the internet.
I was shot when I think it was number one. That was the catalyst for the interest in the show. Certainly it went on for a long time after that but that's what really kicked it off. Of course a lot of people watched it just because of the novelty of the situation.
I was sad to see anybody leave, we had a very nice family on that show. I was very sad to see momma go, Victoria and especially Linda. My god that was my wife on the show, in fact my wife calls her wife.
I think they could of recast the children, I heard of people wanting to do something like that. That would be a nice little show to do but you know that show was of the 80's, I don't think the audience mind set is in that direction any longer.
I think JR would make a better President than the one we have now.
I liked Dallas better because it was more deceptive, you could do more with it.
I guess it was but I think peoples morality has changed. It's gotten more liberal and more diverse and even in a sense much more fundamental, you take the fundamental religious right in this country, its got to go back about 50 years.
I did successfully kick tobacco at the age of 34. I smoked for like 20 years, from 14 to 34.
I exercise every morning. I do light weights - 5lb and 10lb arm exercises - and then lie and lift my arms and legs. It's all about keeping core strength. I do a lot of stretching too.
I went to a military school between the ages of six and 12 and later into the air force. You learn discipline and strength of character.
