American,Politician
It is only when the partisan shouting stops that we can hear each other's voices and concerns.
We want people to have the right to express their concerns and frustration and protest in a peaceful manner.
No state can match the beauty of the Chesapeake Bay, our beaches and farms, or the mountains of Western Maryland, the Port of Baltimore, or the historic charm of every corner of our state.
You can disagree without being disagreeable. That's always been my mantra.
Too often, we see wedge politics and petty rhetoric used to belittle adversaries and inflame partisan divisions.
Let's set aside political gamesmanship and work together for the sake of our children.
We're the first not-white family to ever live in the governor's mansion. My son-in-law is Puerto Rican. I have a beautiful little granddaughter who is half Korean and half Latina. I'm the only white guy in the house.
I get asked that almost every day, but I've been saying the same thing... I'm not going to take any more stupid questions about Donald Trump. It's not what I focus on every day.
I love Baltimore and the people who call it home, and I sincerely believe that Maryland's biggest city must serve as the economic and cultural heart of our state.
School after Labor Day is now the law of the land in Maryland.
To see the faces and hear the voices of victims of the Holocaust - one of the darkest chapters in history - was an experience I will never forget.
I have nothing to do with Donald Trump.
If you want my answer about Donald Trump, you can Google it. It's everywhere. They've got this new thing called Google.
I'm not a Trump fan. I don't think he should be the nominee.
Crime is out of control in Baltimore City.
I've had completely gray hair since, like, 30.
I try not to make it personal, and I don't care about partisan politics one way or the other.
Supporting iconic, growth-oriented industries, combined with tax policies that encourage small business growth and investment, represents a potent combination and is the basis of our entire administration.
Creating sustainable jobs means doubling down on Baltimore's formidable strengths.
Baltimore residents deserve a commitment from leaders to deliver meaningful changes and the possibility of a better future, and so does every Marylander who loves our great state.
Let's find those areas where modest and reasonable tax cuts will have the biggest positive impact on our economy, and which will improve the lives of those who need it most: working families, retirees, and small business owners.
In addition to reining in spending, taxes, tolls and fees, let's rein in how much the state borrows.
We need to encourage innovative ideas that give parents better alternatives to prepare children for higher education and for the jobs of the future.
Marylanders are among the nation's hardest working and most educated people. We have universities and schools that are among the best in the nation.
The problems we face aren't Democratic problems or Republican problems. These are Maryland's problems.
I believe that every child in Maryland deserves a world-class education, regardless of what neighborhood they grow up in.
