American,Journalist
The war on drugs is wrong, both tactically and morally. It assumes that people are too stupid, too reckless, and too irresponsible to decide whether and under what conditions to consume drugs. The war on drugs is morally bankrupt.
Outsourcing and globalization of manufacturing allows companies to reduce costs, benefits consumers with lower cost goods and services, causes economic expansion that reduces unemployment, and increases productivity and job creation.
A woman who demands further gun control legislation is like a chicken who roots for Colonel Sanders.
Once brave politicians and others explain the war on drugs' true cost, the American people will scream for a cease-fire. Bring the troops home, people will urge. Treat drugs as a health problem, not as a matter for the criminal justice system.
America traditionally represents the greatest possibility of someone's going from nothing to something. Why? In theory, if not practice, the government stays out of the way and lets individuals take risks and reap rewards or accept the consequences of failure. We call this capitalism - or, at least, we used to.
Individuals can spend their money more wisely, efficiently and more humanely than can government.
If anybody had a reason to become a delinquent, to become a criminal, to be angry at the man, to be angry at the white man, to be angry at America, it's my dad, but he did not feel that way at all.
Doing what you want to do is easy. Doing what you have to do is hard.
Raised by an irresponsible mother during the Great Depression in the Jim Crow south, my father was on his own from the age of 13.
People value and spend their money more wisely when they acquire it by their own efforts - also known as work.
Nobody ever worked as hard as my father. My father averaged maybe four hours of sleep at night, and when you're a kid, you don't realize that. The man was tired. He was tired.
According to the Social Security Administration, in 1945, 41.9 workers supported each individual retiree, while today only 3.3 workers support each retiree. This system cannot continue.
In the last 1,000 years, the Arabs have translated as many books as Spain translates in just one year.
Only in Washington does a decrease in the proposed increase equal a spending cut.
This battle for 'common-sense' gun control laws pits emotion and passion against logic and reason. All too often in such a contest, logic loses. So, expect more meaningless, if not harmful, 'gun control' legislation. Good news - if you're a crook.
Welfare distorts behavior, makes one less personally responsible and reduces the role of private charity. This principle applies to corporate welfare.
Most people work for the private sector, which cannot exist without profit.
Rent-control laws disproportionately benefit the non-poor because the elite pull strings, work the system and are better connected than the non-poor.
The No. 1 cause of preventable death for young black men is not auto accidents or accidental drowning, but homicide.
Studies show that children of divorced parents can have outcomes as positive as those coming from intact homes, provided the father remains financially supportive and active in his children's lives.
The formula for achieving middle-class success is simple: Finish high school; don't have a child before the age of 20; and get married before having the child.
Lower taxes, less government spending on domestic programs and fewer regulations mean a better economy for everybody.
My dad was a Marine. He was one of the Montford Point Marines. Those are the equivalent of the Tuskegee Airmen for Marines. He's a tough, tough guy. When I was 15 we had a fight, and I didn't speak to him for 10 years.
Nobody ever worked as hard as my father. My father averaged maybe four hours of sleep at night, and when you're a kid, you don't realize that.
My mom and my dad were married 56 years, and the fact that I reconciled with my dad I think made their marriage a little bit better as well.
My dad was a Marine. He was one of the Montford Point Marines. Those are the equivalent of the Tuskegee Airmen for Marines. He's a tough, tough guy.
