American,Athlete
Well I forgot how different it was because I've been here for about four or five years. It's a big load off my shoulders now. Now that I'm there, I'm like, man, I can breathe a little bit, you know?
Fortunately for me I was able to do well here, and it really did great things for my career and now hopefully I can go out there and continue to do what I did.
I think it was one of the better meetings that I've had with those guys, because I was honestly able to say everything I wanted to say, and I pretty much aired out the dirty laundry. So from that point on, I thought all of that was behind us.
It always feels good to come back here. I love New York... it's just nice to see a lot of familiar faces.
Sometimes change is good. Although I didn't want to leave.
When I was put in a situation where I'm going there, you have to look at the team and the possibility that hey, we can probably do some good things over there.
So much tension around here in New York. They want to fine you for every little thing you do.
Over there, Kevin McHale, I feel like I'm talking to someone I know. It's just a total different atmosphere.
I'm still going to have to go out and score, but defensively hopefully I can make them a little bit better.
Sam is there, Sam has been playing well, he has been doing great in camp.
I just meant as far as coming to the games on time; it was just like I was under the microscope, every little thing, it was like they were looking for me to come in here with my shoes untied.
I love New York. A part of me will always be here. What can I say.
They got all the size over there, and the teams are really good, so, I think night after night you're just going to have to be ready to lace them up and be ready to play. The teams out there are really good.
I definitely think that myself and Sam will help the Timberwolves.
You guys know the way I play. And what's so ironic is, KG is the same way. I'm looking at him in practice and going, 'Wow, I'm always that guy,' you know?
And for the first time in a long time, I'm playing along somebody that has that same energy and fire and plays pretty much the same way I do. So, that was just nice to say.
I think was able to do a lot of things here.
I think that was one thing I definitely brought to the table, my aggressiveness and my style of play, and I think that's one of the reasons why the fans here really appreciated the way that I went out and played, just because I think they kind of liked that.
I think it'll be an emotional day. It'll be exciting for me, mostly it'll be exciting for them. I'm not going to get to come here a lot, so, it'll be a special day, hopefully.
I'm 33 years old now. I really want that ring. I got a taste of it here.
I know just one thing is those guys, KG and everyone, they're hungry. They want it bad. Sam's the only one that's had that, has the ring. Other than him, everybody else over there, we want it bad.
