American,Actress
I never think of myself as any kind of sex symbol, but I get letters from all over, all sorts. It's really cool. I get a lot from inmates, which is kind of scary. But the best was the guy who wanted to send me a plane ticket to fly me to his prom.
For me, personally, I watch pretty much everything on Netflix, and I watch all the episodes in a row, when I can.
Every girl on TV, in real life, sure you want to meet that soul mate and fall in love and have the big thing, but until that happens, you gotta kiss a lot of frogs.
I used to wear boxers and a tank top, but now I sleep in the nude. It's kind of weird, because I used to have to wear something to bed, whether it was a tank top or whatever. And now if I have any clothes at all on, it's really hard to get to sleep.
When you're in prison, and we're left to our own devices, you're stripped of everything, and you really get to see who these people are, the good and the bad.
I am so like Donna it's funny. And most of my friends are guys too.
My vintage Levi's are my favorite on the show, 'cause they really fit.
I love entertaining and doing Martha Stewart stuff.
Free love sounds great.
Even in real life, I'd rather hang out with guys.
I'm the tomboy so I got to be a little butch.
I'm not a sun person.
I don't know how people recognize me.
I don't want to do anything like Can't Hardly Wait, I don't want to do anything like Scream. I saw all those movies, and they were good, but they're just not what I want to do.
You can always turn a bad kisser into a good one.
And my mouth is not a sewer, although some people may think it is.
I love being a redhead. It's a rare thing, so I think there's a bond between redheads.
They have to be able to spark my interest so I want to pursue it, and they have to have an awesome personality, really laid-back. All those things are sexy to me.
I can't stand being around anal people, especially anal people with big egos.
Some of the stuff that Wilmer wears is bad. And Debra Jo.
But, I swear, they're turning Donna into Annie Hall this season. More ties. More suits. But they're also keeping her really motivated, ya know? Like, wanting to be a rock journalist. Wanting to be the first woman president.
The fact that anyone would find me sexy is very, very flattering, but ridiculous. I so don't believe it. But I'm flattered. Truth is, I don't lift a finger to look sexy. Ever.
There's nothing you could say that would shock me.
But now that I'm a blonde, guys are so blatant about coming on to me.
People in general have a preconceived idea of what prison is, from seeing documentaries or whatever.
You can't control where your heart goes.
