American,Actress
For a time in high school, I had glasses, braces, and a cast. I like to call this look 'no date for homecoming.'
Texting is not flirting, if you don't care about me enough to say the words than that's not love, I don't like it!
Strangers were worried about me; that's how long I was single!
The thing about good writing is it has a music to it.
Sometimes I'll think, 'That was a really nice day. I ate well, I exercised, I called some friends, wasn't working too hard,' but I rarely have one of those.
One of the things I like about the show is it redefines the idea of what it is to be a mother, which at its most basic level is to take care of a child. It doesn't mean you have to look like the ladies in the Lysol commercials.
I've pretty much always been on a diet since I was born. And the women in my family struggle, so I find the less I think about food, in a way, the happier I am. In general, I think I eat less the less I think about it.
Honestly, I was such a tomboy as a kid. People were taking from their mothers' closets - I was taking from my dad's closet. It was the '80s, so it wasn't terrible, but I was wearing my dad's dress shirts over jeans from the Gap.
I get a delivery of a diet food during the week, which doesn't mean that I don't eat the occasional Krispy Kreme doughnut.
One thing I've learned is I actually don't like variety very much. I like having the same thing over and over: assorted lean proteins, arugula salad, quinoa or brown rice with soy sauce, olive oil, lemon, and salt. Those ingredients can pretty much get me through the week.
Growing up an only child with a single parent is probably why I'm an actor.
If I had a normal job and had been moving up, I'd be management level now.
I've made out more this season on a family-friendly show than ever in my actual life.
Some people think my father was a spy, because of working for that government agency in Vietnam, but he can't find his car keys, much less keep a national secret.
The parts for women, you're either like the quietly suffering wife or the wild girl.
All my references are 50 years old-when somebody shot J.R., you know? Oh my god, I'm 100!
You want the story to end when it's supposed to and not be squeezed for somebody's financial gain.
It's great to have an acting job in the age of Reality TV.
The thing I don't like on television is when somebody does something that makes absolutely no sense just for the shock of it.
As I've gotten older, I've gotten more liberal, and my father is increasingly conservative. It's so shocking to me because I always thought we had the same politics. The day I realized we voted for different presidents, I practically fell out of my chair.
Belly buttons are cool!
I'm nice, and I show up on time.
Nobody ever seems to want my advice about serious stuff. People will be like: 'Who made that sweater?' Or 'How did you get your hair so straight?' They don't to come to me for the relationship advice or deep stuff. In fact, my little sister actually hides from me.
Perspective is the most important thing to have in life.
These days I have to be extra nice in stores. It never fails that whenever I look as bad as I can possibly look or I am sort of cranky because the store is out of something, that is precisely the time when someone one will recognize me and say: 'I really like your show.'
Personally, all I ever want to be wearing are jeans.
I've always really liked being active. I do Spinning classes, I run, I have a trainer, I do Pilates with my sister Shade.
I've always thought my strengths were I'm smart, and I have a good sense of humor. I definitely struggle with feeling confident.
I have way too many jeans. But I never seem to have a top to wear.
I really think if you're trying to look good, do something athletic. I have a little mini tramp, and sometimes I'll just try to jump for 20 minutes. It gets your blood circulating, and that always looks really pretty.
Just for daily wear, I love discovering new jeans companies.
I've learned a lot from trainers over the years, but mainly that you need discipline to stay in the gym and out of the many fine cupcake emporiums on every corner.
Acting is the most bizarre profession. You can stay in it for years and not really be in it and be waiting for someone to give you an opportunity. It's like when I watch 'American Idol' and see people who have been told to believe in themselves at all costs: It's not always a good idea.
I love doing the 'New York Times' crossword puzzle, even on the days I can't finish it.
I've seen 'The Godfather Part II,' 'Broadcast News,' and 'Annie Hall' more than 20 times each.
I dream of playing Lady Cora's sister on 'Downton Abbey.'
'Mom' isn't an adjective or a personality; they're not all the same.
As an actor, you have to maximize your time, because you don't know what's going to happen in your 50s and 60s and 70s. It's like the career of an athlete: For many people, it ends at a certain point.
