American,Musician
That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in.
Be honest, brutally honest. That is what's going to maintain relationships.
I had to confront my fears and master my every demonic thought about inferiority, insecurity, or the fear of being black, young, and gifted in this Western culture.
Hip-Hop isn't just music, it is also a spiritual movement of the blacks! You can't just call Hip-Hop a trend!
Reality is easy. It's deception that's the hard work.
To those supporters who were told that I abandoned them, that is untrue. I abandoned greed, corruption, and compromise, never you, and never the artistic gifts and abilities that sustained me.
Let optimists rule the world.
We don't want people to have expectations of us, but then we have expectations of everybody else.
Real religion is no religion at all.
What was freely given to me, I freely give.
Everything we do should be a result of our gratitude for what God has done for us.
I need to be surrounded by people as passionate and as dedicated as I am.
The less I have, the freer I am to do whatever I want to do.
This life is a process of learning.
I'm trying to open up my range and really sing more. With The Fugees initially, and even with 'Miseducation,' it was very hip-hop - always a singing over beats. I don't think people have really heard me sing out. So if I do record again, perhaps it will have an expanded context. Where people can hear a bit more.
We call ourselves creators and we just copy.
We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.
I don't need anybody to market or promote me. If people don't want to hear this music, then it's not for them. You cannot please everybody.
From the first time someone says, Who do you think you are? we learn how to repress.
I believe God will make a way.
Being young and female in America, you watch a lot of T.V., and you grow up on false images of what love truly is. We think the man with the best rap will protect and save us, about it's not usually that way. Then you learn love is something deeper and purer in form.
You don't know how much artists go through to make it look so easy. It's all in the practice.
People need to understand that the Lauryn Hill they were exposed to in the beginning was all that was allowed in that arena at the time. I had to step away for the sake of the machine. I was being way too compromised. I felt uncomfortable having to smile in someone's face when I really didn't like them or know them well enough to like.
When you're young and everything dramatic is exciting, you start to believe that hype that, in order to be an artist, you have to suffer. I've graduated from that school.
When I have a creative insight, there is a high. I think back in the day, I made music as much as I did because it made me feel so good. I think you could argue that there is a creative addiction - but, you know, the healthy kind.
I tried to manipulate and control people, and I harbored resentment. I wanted to be forgiven, but I wouldn't forgive others.
