American,Politician
And we did it because it's time for City Hall to stop looking out for City Hall and start looking out for the people like you and me who are footing the bill.
But despite the challenges, I love being your Mayor.
But there is so much more to do for the city we love... a Dallas with roads as strong as our businesses, parks as beautiful as our children, a downtown as tall as our imagination.
Dallas is a great city, and it's worth fighting for.
Dallas is a positive, get-it done city.
From my very first day in the Mayor's office, I have worked closely with the Council members who share our vision of a city hall that really protects taxpayers and cares... yes... about the little things that make a big difference in people's lives.
Given the way some fought for the status quo when I authored the new Ethics Code and created the city's first Ethics Commission, we are going to need your strong support to get an even tougher Ethics Code passed this year.
If there's one thing I hope people are certain of it's this: I'm looking out for YOU - the taxpayer.
In many ways, our campaign this year will be the same as last time: We're still going to focus on fixing up basics and cleaning up ethics at City Hall.
In the year since we brought things into the open with a clean breath of fresh air at City Hall, we have learned about corrupt spending practices and unethical conflicts of interest that waste your money... and keep Dallas from being the great city of our dreams.
It's wasteful spending like this that not only forces tax increases and cuts in vital services... but also really make you wonder: who is City Hall looking out for?
Now it's time to focus on basics for people in our neighborhoods... and real ethics reform at City Hall.
Others like City Hall the old way, when they could make deals behind closed doors with your tax money.
The city has to do what any citizen or family does, when you have a dream. You tighten your belt. You sacrifice some luxuries. Above all, you don't waste a dime.
There's still is a status-quo group at City Hall who likes things done the old way, behind closed doors.
Together, often by unanimous vote, the council has worked quickly to get positive results.
