American,Actress
Of course I wanted an agent from the time I was like 5, but my mother was like, 'No, you're going to be normal, you're going to go to school, you're going to get good grades, you're going to play soccer, and if you do well, if you keep your grades up, you can do one community-theater show a year.'
I do think musical-theater actors can get a bad rap, and I see why. There is a certain slickness - there's nothing better than an amazing musical, but an okay musical can be one of the worst times you've ever had.
Well, I'm grateful for all the experiences that I've had.
I try to give the appearance that I have it all together and that I know what I'm talking about, but at the end of the day, I think I might be full of crap.
I think that every therapist that I know, including my dad and my sister, have their own issues. But that empathy is what makes them good at their job.
There's a lot of pressure on Broadway. There's this feeling that the show has to be a commercial success and the producers have to make their money back and Tonys and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I was not a fan of the Bush administration, as I think many of us were not.
My mother was an actress and my voice teacher, an incredible voice teacher. My biological father is an actor, and my stepfather, who raised me along with my mother, is a psychotherapist. I was always supported in creative ventures.
I don't think theater is dying, and musicals are a great American art form. We've got apple pie, jazz and musical theater.
I was a little girl who grew up idolizing musical-theatre stars.
Musical theatre is my first love.
I was always a little adult. Even as a little kid, I just couldn't understand why I was surrounded by all these kids. I took things very seriously.
I actually enjoy Britney Spears. Not as a singer but as a performer. I just enjoy watching her. I think, 'You are so brave.'
My parents were in 'Brigadoon' on Broadway when I was a couple of years old.
Do I want to write a musical? No. I like to do musicals.
