American,Musician
Over and over I marvel at the blessings of my life: Each year has grown better than the last.
Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.
There are good days and there are bad days, and this is one of them.
Night after night I could feel the chills go up and down my spine, they played so well.
I have a tremendous desire to learn, and to grow, and to develop whatever I have that will make for any kind of improvement in me.
For a while we had trouble trying to get the sound of a champagne cork exploding out of the bottle. I solved the problem by sticking my finger in my mouth and popping it out.
I knew nothing of the real life of a musician, but I seemed to see myself standing in front of great crowds of people, playing my accordion.
Conversation didn't seem necessary when I put the accordion down and swung some young lady around the floor.
This is the best biography by me I have ever read.
The William Penn Hotel in Pittsburgh... was the place where Champagne Music was born.
If they can't hum it after we play it, it's not for us.
When my parents first arrived there, North Dakota had just been admitted to the Union, and the country was still wild and harsh.
We really were a very musical family. Father managed to buy us a small pump organ, and I just loved this instrument.
The ones the listeners loved most of all in those early years were the four Lennon girls who became the whole nation's little sisters.
The first time I try anything is invariably not very successful. I tend to grow slowly, but solidly.
Sounds always fascinated me.
One time I introduced my orchestra as the Shampoo Music Makers instead of the Champagne Music Makers.
One thing all stage mothers share is an overpowering ambition for their daughters.
My accent remained terrible. It was very hard for me to initiate any conversation with someone I didn't know.
Music was my joy, my home, the one place I felt happy and secure.
Many times I wondered if I were truly carrying out God's plan for my life.
It's curious how we act in moments of personal despair.
In spite of the Depression, or maybe because of it, folks were hungry for a good time, and an evening of dancing seemed a good way to have it.
If you put all your strength and faith and vigor into a job and try to do the best you can, the money will come.
If I live to be 90, and I'm planning to, I'll always love performing for a live audience.
If any performer has quality in his voice he can almost always be helped to develop all the other necessary attributes.
