American,Musician
We try to be real nice and friendly to people, but sometimes they take advantage of that.
My bad habits aren't my title. My strengths and my talent are my title.
I wish I could just hug you all, but I'm not gonna.
I've always looked for the perfect life to step into. I've taken all the paths to get where I wanted. But no matter where I go, I still come home.
There's no huge, deep message in any of the songs. We recorded a few months of being human.
Whatever dramas are going on in my life, I always find that place inside my head where I see myself as the cleanest, tallest, strongest, wisest person that I can be.
I guess I can go anywhere I want. If only I knew where to go.
The songs are about things that we were thinking and we wrote 'em down, and when you listen to 'em, whatever you think it's about... THAT'S what it's about!
I sing like a lark.
When everyone goes home, you're stuck with yourself.
It was all about music, about getting your friends to come and see you play. I don't see that same intimacy happening very much today.
My bed isn't made, I'm tired, I haven't slept well for two weeks. I haven't been laid in a month. I don't have a girlfriend. I have a warrant for my arrest.
Drugs will have a huge effect on my work for the rest of my life, whether I'm using or not.
Being me is no different than being most anyone else, I guess.
I don't think any drug that can cause brain damage, failing kidneys, hardening arteries, pain, and suffering should be made available.
Los Angeles, I don't like that town. Too decadent, and it's slimy.
Music is the doorway that has led me to drawing, photography, and writing.
People have a right to ask questions and dig deep when you're hurting people and things around you.
There are lasting consequences for using drugs. I'll still be paying for my prior use.
Drugs are not the way to the light. They won't lead to a fairy-tale life, they lead to suffering.
I haven't read anything but regurgitated rumors. Nothing new, and nothing true.
A lot of power-pop comes out of LA, a lot of speed metal comes out of New York.
Andrew Wood's death changed things for a few weeks. I probably got even heavier into drugs after that.
At home I'm just a guy who has interests that extend far beyond music.
I don't do much else but stay in my hotel room.
I don't take part in it the way I used to-the bimbos, the free beers, free drugs, all that. That's still there if you want it, but I don't really seek that out any more.
