American,Actress
I've really come to realize you have to love yourself before you can expect someone else to.
If you don't care about somebody, you don't even bother to fight with them.
I don't want to be known as this bitter, ex-Scientologist. I'm not trying to bash anybody, and I'm not trying to be controversial. I just want people to know the truth.
There's a lot of things that are good in Scientology, because I wouldn't have been in it. And that's the thing: a lot of people trivialize this thing, like, 'Oh, it's Xenu, and it's a volcano, and it's jumping on couches and acting crazy.' These people are victims. We've been victimized. We believed in something because it starts out very normal.
My actions and the things I say and do, I wonder if they have an effect on my daughter and the way she's going to be as a person. I just want her to be a good person.
Nicole Kidman was an inspiration to me at the time I left the church. Knowing that she went on to have a successful and happy life, both personally and professionally, helped to give me confidence.
The guy has to kill the spider and get the dead mouse outta the pool.
You have to learn to believe you deserve love. And I'm getting there. I'm starting to believe it.
But inside, I'm going, 'Oh my God, is my zipper up? Do I have a booger in my nose?' That's my inner monologue.
There's a lot involved in going to the bathroom for women.
I'm blessed to have a voice, and I'm going to use it.
When it mattered the most, my mother was there for me. It was the moment that erased all those days she wasn't there.
My grandmother lived on Elizabeth Street in Little Italy, and she used to go to church every day. She'd go in, light a candle, she'd pray, and as a child, that was comforting to me.
I believe that people should be able to question things.
Are you trying to give me a hint that I should drop it? I can lose the accent; I just have to really focus on what I'm saying. And I have to talk slowly.
I've always had a show that went seven episodes or 13 episodes or whatever. And I've never had a show that's gone past a first season. It really is a lot of work.
I love men who know when to put their foot down and when not to.
Men stop trying after a while and get lazy.
I applaud my mother now for getting me through that time and making me believe in myself.
I try to be a good person. I know what my downfalls are, so that's a good thing.
Men have just come up to me and asked for my number right away. That doesn't work. You have to know somebody and have a conversation.
I love a man in a suit. Men should stay clothed, even if they have nice bodies.
I'm not a neat freak. I don't mind things being messy but I mind them being dirty. I just can't relax in a dirty environment. I like things organized.
I always was trying to make people laugh as a kid. I was a big fan of Carol Burnett and Gilda Radner. I watched them and I remember feeling as a child, when I heard the laughter they got, a little jealous that they made someone laugh like that.
I used to do skits for my mom... and I was always entertaining as a kid.
There was always pressure to make a Scientologist out of the people you were working with.
