American,Actress
I look up to my mom. She's a beautiful woman.
I've never been crazy. I'm a very good girl, to be honest. I don't do anything to hurt anybody.
Daily life shouldn't be a fashion show all the time.
I've never fallen in love right off the bat. I get scared to say I love you too soon because it means so much. It means you're not seeing an end to things.
Even when people are so judgmental about what you wear or your weight you just have to step away and be like, 'I'm a normal, fine human being.'
I used to drink tons of caffeine. Now I make smoothies with frozen berries and Green Vibrance health powder.
I'm so accustomed to being alone.
People are pretty respectful for the most part.
I grew up reading 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'Pride and Prejudice' - girly kind of books.
When I do get free time, I spend a lot of it at home with my family and my close friends and I think that's what keeps me happy, healthy, grounded, and totally in check.
Any fear of aging, I think, is simply vanity.
When you see how you react when you suffer that's when you know what you are made of.
You can take what is handed to you and use it as an excuse to mess up. But I've always handled what was given to me by life. I consider myself lucky. I was never lied to. And I was loved.
You know how you're supposed to choose between playing up your eyes or your lips? I always choose lips. I love the drama.
It's wonderful to be in love. And it's definitely wonderful to cuddle and have sex and get to experience life with somebody. But it's OK if you don't find him and you're 24. You can find it someday.
Singing really is acting. In a lot of ways, it's much more personal. I love music, and being able to work on that is amazing.
I think guys who are rebels and make their own rules are appealing.
I haven't ever really relied on relationships with guys. They come around and it's cool, but it's never been a big thing. I guess I've just been really distracted by work.
Guys who are unavailable are actually a dream come true for me because I'm unavailable all the time. It's great they're not down your throat.
I'm not really a partier, in general. I've definitely learned that that's probably the least interesting thing you can do with your time.
I want a family someday and I know that I have to let love in to create that and I think there is someone out there for me, but I'm not on some crazy hunt for that right now.
I think you have to know how you feel when you're sad and it's healthy to mourn if a relationship ends.
The way I become friends with somebody is a slow process. You can't just spill your guts and tell them everything about yourself and expect them to listen and understand you because you don't know them. It's the same thing with a relationship.
I never wear makeup when I'm not at work. It can make you forget what you look like, and I've grown to really love the way I look without it.
I watched a lot of TV, and it clicked one day that these people were acting. It sounded like the most fun thing ever.
In this world, everyone wants to know everything about you, and I think that's funny.
I don't want to have a friend unless I can call them one of my best friends.
I didn't really like modeling; it was fun but I always wanted acting.
I had a bunch of different hair colors. I was experimenting to see what I liked. It started off brown, then I did red, then I got really, really blonde!
I feel like my friends are in a cult because we're like, 'No outsiders!
I've learned to let things roll off my back.
I just go at my own pace and I like control of the TV and I like to decide when I take a shower and wash the dishes and stuff like that. So I don't know who would want to live with me to be honest!
Everyone has this universal understanding of roommate drama.
I want an identity outside of my work.
I love live music and I love to see people's faces when I'm performing.
I do so much work that I don't have a lot of time for my life!
I don't even think about fame at all.
I believe in love, children and being a good person.
When I don't have to be at work, I want to be the real me - the comfortable me!
