American,Cartoonist
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
I always wanted to fire rays out of my fingertips.
Sometimes you're not even sure which of your stories were failures. There are things I've written that I thought were complete catastrophes when I finished with them that have gone on to generate some of my most positive feedback.
When I'm my own editor, there's very little difference between the first draft and the final. I write what feels right to begin with. I rarely make any major changes.
I was a very sickly kid. While I was in the hospital at age 7, my Dad brought me a stack of comic books to keep me occupied. I was hooked.
I had never really thought of myself as a writer; any writing I had done was just to give myself something to draw.
When someone writes to tell me something I've written made them laugh or cry, I've done my job and done it well. The rest is all semantics.
When I got my first glimpse of Hugh Jackman as Wolverine, my breath caught. In that single instant, he was Wolverine.
I've always thought of myself as an organic writer, rather than a cerebral one. I feel my way along as I go, hoping I'll get to the place I intend to reach.
Art is always in the eyes of the beholder. Only posterity has the right to point out our mistakes.
I became an art major, took every art class my school had to offer. In college, I majored in Advertising Art and Design.
I would like immortality.
A writer writes. Period. No matter if someone is buying your work or not.
I realized the only thing I owed my audience was my own judgment and my own best effort.
I'm a neurotic New York Jew by birth. Creating characters is second nature to me.
People who were more concerned with themselves and looking good to their readers then they were with the characters sacrificed a series for the sake of a story.
The bottom line always remains the same: What is the basic humanity of the character? How do I make them resonate with the reader?
I try not to violate what came before me and to leave lots of wiggle room for those who will follow.
I hate the crazy, neurotic characters beyond a certain point.
I think there's something inherently dishonest in trying to go back and mess with the past.
I try to find what makes even the worst, most despicable character sympathetic at his or her core.
If a story isn't working, I'm simply unable to finish it. That's what usually tells me something is wrong.
I've had editors over the years who couldn't find a clue if it was stapled to their butt.
I've never sat down and thought about the difference between plot and theme. To me, that's never been important.
In general, shorter is better. If you can encapsulate your idea into a single captivating sentence, you're halfway home.
In these litigious times, if you're a beginner, it's becoming harder and harder to get your work to the people who might actually be able to hire you.
