American,Actress
It's interesting how we often can't see the ways in which we are being strong - like, you can't be aware of what you're doing that's tough and brave at the time that you're doing it because if you knew that it was brave, then you'd be scared.
Every time I start feeling sexy I trip.
I always thought the saddest feeling in life is when you're dancing in a really joyful way and then you hit your head on something.
I mean, I - it's so funny, I am, you know, I am, you know, a working woman out in the world, but I still live with my parents half the time. I've been sort of taking this very long, stuttering period of moving out.
I'm not great at dating, but I need to do it to relax.
My mom knows pretty well how I see her.
I never thought of myself as like, a funny person.
The parts I enjoy playing aren't really available to me. So I have to write them.
I think romantic comedy, when done right, is my favorite genre. It's just a genre that's very human.
Positive, healthy, loving relationships in your twenties... I don't know if anyone would disagree with it: I think they're the exception, not the norm. People are either playing house really aggressively because they're scared of what an uncertain time it is, or they're avoiding commitment altogether.
I am not a particularly political person, but, as a Tribeca resident, the commodification of September 11th is offensive to me.
I always imagined that having a baby is something that I'm going to keep in a private place, but maybe my curse is that all I'm going to want to do is tell everybody about what my birth process was like and what my children's nightmares are.
When I graduated college I had a series of just humiliating jobs that I couldn't believe I was at.
At my age, no one is married, no one has kids, no one has a career.
I'm ridiculous in my oversharing; my mom and sister are very open but a little more judicious than me... and my father is a decidedly private person.
There is something vulnerable about showing your tattoos to people, even while it gives you a feeling that you are wearing a sleeve when you are naked.
I never start anything with a really overt, political, or even exactly artistic mission statement.
My parents are artists; in their world, in the world of modern artists, you are supposed to just go into your studio and tune everything out, and your entire relationship with your work is supposed to be a super private one. That was the way to do it and you weren't deeply truly artistic if that wasn't the way you were engaging the press.
I love what I do, I love every minute of it.
I guess I think about doing stuff that nobody else has done.
I feel like you don't know if someone's equipped for a romantic relationship until they're out of their twenties.
It's really hard to grow with another person.
I seriously consider television to be the people's medium.
I'm always afraid that I'm being unprofessional, yet I continue to sign all my e-mails 'xoxo.'
I am anti-pants.
I have to write people who feel honest but also push our cultural ball forward.
I love directing scenes that I'm not in because suddenly I really feel like a filmmaker which is a different thing.
I'd love to write something for a male protagonist. That's sort of the next frontier for me. I think it'd be really amazing to write the kind of parts that I love for women but for a guy.
The joke I always make about myself is that I'm self-involved, but I'm not vain.
I'm always having to be told to brush my hair.
Let's call a spade a spade - a lot of times when you are a vegetarian it is a just not very effective eating disorder.
There's always an article coming out, saying, 'The new thing is funny women!'
I can play very annoying girl, very lost girl and then all the things in the spectrum between.
I just hope that I continue to keep a line between my private life and who I play, even if they are closely intertwined, and so I'm careful. I don't even know where my line is, but I know I have a line.
The work that's interesting to me in other people is really confessional.
My weight fluctuates depending on my mood and my current devotion to my fitness routine.
My uncle's a lawyer and I remember going to see him in court and thinking, 'That's cool, too bad I could never be a lawyer.'
I thought I wanted to be a journalist or a novelist.
You're raised to think being a mother is an inevitable step in your development but you start to ask yourself questions, because not every woman does want to have children.
There are so many reactions to art that make sense to me - but 'ick' means something.
I refresh Twitter as thoughtlessly as some twirl their hair.
I went to an amazing school in Brooklyn called St. Anne's that's a really kind of creative hot bed.
It's very easy for me to say what success is. I think success is connecting with an audience who understands you and having a dialogue with them. I think success is continuing to push yourself forward creatively and not sort of becoming a caricature of yourself.
I'm half Jewish half WASP.
I think breakfast is the one meal when you don't have to eat animal, maybe.
I'm glad if my work can make a difference.
I kind of look like every other girl, walking around.
It's funny, I never considered that people are going to see me on the show and maybe stop me on the subway.
I think if you feel like you were born to write, then you probably were.
If you're writing, you're starting in private. It can really be this amazing, private, freeing experience. Forget that it's for other people - that comes in later.
I find it really awkward to do a scene where I'm supposed to seem like I'm in love.
I spent all my time on my movies worried that people were eating and that the schedule was being kept, so to have experts in those areas giving me the brain space as a writer and director is huge.
I never sort of thought of myself as a comedy writer, by nature.
I was raised on the Internet.
I don't really read reviews... That's not where my attention goes.
I felt highly anxious in a way that I didn't think other children were.
I've had moments of deep self-involvement that didn't come from a place of loving myself but quite the opposite.
When I write I'm never really thinking about themes or the universal.
I learned that people are much more game to mock their own personas than you would think.
When it's low-budget, and you have one other person on the set, you have to make rules.
I have an agent now.
I felt like my parents were always involved with abstraction, and I wanted to do something very specific.
