American,Musician
I just need to know that I did the very best I could and that I was true to myself.
Music is my life, it is a reflection of what I go through.
My mother gave lots of good advice and had a lot to say. As you get older, you realize everything she said was true.
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.
When I was a kid and I bought a record, I ripped that thing open, I wanted to know who was playing what, what studio it was cut at, who was the string arranger, who was the engineer.
That's a big gift when people say to you that a song helped them or brought them to some place in their life where they needed to be.
There's definitely an old school element to my music, but I also think it's modern.
It's a trip to have a Greatest Hits record. It's a trip.
It's very important to vote. People died for this right.
My dream is to become a farmer. Just a Bohemian guy pulling up his own sweet potatoes for dinner.
I am not trying to change the world. I am just offering my gift that God gave me, and if somebody is moved by it, that's beautiful.
If I were white, I'd get less criticism.
I identify with women more than men. I guess I have a strong feminine side.
A dramatic thing, the first time you stand up to your dad.
I don't play the tuba.
I wouldn't play together with someone who likes to control everything like me.
I have a great time with my band and on the stage we get along well.
God gave me the gift to be able to play instruments and I have to play.
It's like a dream to come to Spain and stay for a couple of years and get somebody to teach me Spanish music.
Every night is different, you never know what it's going to be like. I remember every night. I don't like to compare them.
Change is growth. For me it has been a very spiritual and musical rebirth.
I don't think about the styles. I write whatever comes out and I use whatever kind of instrumentation works for those songs.
I couldn't tell you what I am going to do next 'cause I have no idea, but I am open to anything.
The image that the public gets is whatever they perceive it to be. Everybody has an opinion, everybody has their own vision, so I don't know what my public image is. I have no idea.
If you ask a hundred people, they all give you different answers.
I am still into the people I listened to growing up, so I completely remember what is like to be a fan, I haven't changed.
I mean, there are only so many notes. What makes something original is how you put it together.
I've been compared to hundreds of artists, which just goes to show you that I'm not any one thing at all.
I'm half Jewish, I'm half black, I look in-between. I dress funny. I play all these different styles of music on one record. It's like, What is he doing?
Confusion makes people uncomfortable. They can't put their finger on me.
I knew what I wanted to do from the time I was 5.
Today, people are more into the glitz and the glamour of everything. We don't even read the inside of records anymore.
You can be around 100 people and be completely alone. People don't realize what it's really like.
The image is an image.
I think it'd be a real nightmare to put a record out and sell 20 million copies and then that's it.
I'm in this for the long haul. I've been making music my whole life.
I've had to work very hard, and I don't really have a category or fit into any niche, so each time I come out with a new record, it's like, I'm a new guy.
The loyalty rate isn't that high. I could have a big hit, then put out the next single, and they say, Oh yeah, who are you? Prove it again.
A lot of people don't listen to the lyrics, really.
A lot of people pretty much only listen to the chorus.
The fans of 'The Hunger Games,' of the book, are very passionate. It's funny: Even at my concerts there are people holding up 'Cinna' signs.
Where I'm at in life, the women have got to come with something else, not just the body, but the mind and spirit. It usually trips them out, but that's the way it's going to be. I'm looking at the big picture.
Are things getting better with each generation? Yes. It's quite interesting to be living in these times, for me to witness an African-American being elected president. It's quite extraordinary.
The thing I love about acting is that it's got nothing to do with me; it's about bringing forth a director's vision. It's like a release. I'm glad it's come back into my life.
Race in this country is still the elephant in the room that no one wants to discuss.
I always try to keep the circumstances in my life fresh. I like to change the physical environment I live in, change the people around me and try to experience things for the first time. I think that keeps one on their toes, creatively and spiritually.
People don't realize it, but no one lives that rock and roll life 24-7. They think it's hundreds of bottles of champagne flowing and private jets and money. But there's a lot of time when you're traveling - time to think, time to be lonely. Sometimes it gets to you.
If you look at the guys in the '70s, like Led Zeppelin, they had bigger planes than we do, they had more money. But they weren't singing about it.
I mean, look at the people we celebrate - a lot of people who really don't do anything. They just walk the red carpets and go to all the parties, and they're hooked up with the right people, so they're celebrities. But what for?
