American,Physicist
On the unconscious level, touch seems to impart a subliminal sense of caring and connection.
Our subliminal mental processes operate outside awareness because they arise in these portions of our mind that are inaccessible to our conscious self; their inaccessibility is due to the architecture of the brain rather than because they have been subject to Freudian motivational forces like repression.
Nonverbal communication forms a social language that is in many ways richer and more fundamental than our words.
One of the things your unconscious mind does for you - and it's a great gift - is it gives you extra courage to view the outer world and it does that by giving you an extra-special view of yourself.
'Subliminal' is about how we misinterpret our behavior because we're unaware of what our unconscious minds are doing.
We should keep in mind that it is easy to concoct stories explaining the past or to become confident about dubious scenarios of the future. We should view both explanations and prophecies with skepticism.
The attacks on global warming are no different than the attacks the cigarettes companies used to use to say that cigarettes don't cause cancer.
Politicians often misuse science for political ends and to pursue their own agenda.
Non-human primates spend hours a day grooming each other. And with humans, touching is also important. It's a way to form bonds and connect in modern society. But you can also speed up the use of conscious purposes once you're aware of that, and it can be manipulated.
Of course our feelings matter. But emotional decisions are usually not the best ones. On the other hand, your emotions can affect your decisions whether you like it or not because the effects can occur on the unconscious level.
In all our perceptions, from vision to hearing, to the pictures we build of people's character, our unconscious mind starts from whatever objective data is available to us - usually spotty - and helps to shape and construct the more complete picture we consciously perceive.
When judging a product, we rarely have exhaustive scientific data to go by. As a result, if we are to form a complete picture, we must fill in the blanks, just as we must in our visual perception.
Language is handy, but we humans have social and emotional connections that transcend words and are communicated - and understood - without conscious thought.
I believe there is true expertise in some endeavors, and not in others. There is obviously no such thing as expertise in predicting the results of coin tosses, but there is expertise in predicting the behavior of lasers.
A failure doesn't mean you are unworthy, nor does it preclude success on the next try.
I believe in a kind of God. I think all scientists, in a way, believe in a certain God, in a certain order of nature.
In physics, all can you do is predict the consequences of physical laws.
Evolution is among the most well-established theories in the scientific community. To doubt it sounds to biologists as absurd as denying relativity does to physicists.
We all know that looks matter, and modern politicians have always assumed that their battles are decided on both substance and image.
Intentionality and talent always matter. An extraordinary feat is certainly made more likely by someone's focus, hard work, etc. But chance also matters.
I think the fun of following the movie box office and stocks is very similar to the fun of sports - all three combine passion and unpredictability.
I've always loved science, as far back as I can remember. I was very, very curious about how everything worked: the world, the physical universe, chemistry, law. So it was only natural to be curious about how our mind works.
One thing that feeds into the way you experience the social world is your mood - and one thing that affects your mood is the weather.
I always liked movies, so I started writing for Hollywood, but my day job was physics.
I find that predicting the course of our lives is like predicting the weather. You might be able to predict your future in the short term, but the longer you look ahead, the less likely you are to be correct.
We all know that players will hit a few more home runs than usual in some years and a few less in others. But the mathematics of chance also predicts that some years they'll hit a lot more, and some years a lot less.
Whatever I've worked on, I've always tried to make my writing personal. I think that's what makes my books somewhat different from what other scientists are doing. You have to tie concepts into everyday life, or they just won't be interesting for readers.
You have to have passion for a subject to write about it. You can't expect your readers to feel any excitement if it's nothing but a boring writing exercise for you.
