American,Comedian
Hate speech and freedom of speech are two different things.
Unfortunately, I'm used to the insults.
I had all the intentions of being the next Eddie Murphy.
When my brother passed away... I made a decision that I might die soon, and if I die, I want people to know who I really am.
I love the people at my job. I love my boss. I love my camera men, I love my crew - because they all surrounded me with straight love.
As soon as I touched the mic, I knew that's what I would do for the rest of my life.
I take care of everybody. I'm either hugging you or making sure that you're not sick, because my backpack has every kind of medicine in it.
I can't be intimidated by anyone wearing a housecoat.
It takes a real designer to design for real women.
I've been six feet tall since the sixth grade.
Think about back in the day when we had Archie Bunker, 'The Jeffersons.' We had stuff to sit down and share and laugh at. The Internet has made it so we don't have to sit together anymore. It's so self-absorbed. No one has to talk to each other anymore, and people don't realize that that is killing us.
I'm really good at standup. I always win at standup.
When you're writing a sketch, it has to be surrounded by a situation. It can't just be out of the air.
My job is to bring the tickle. I know what's funny.
I met the CEO of Twitter.
It was always hard for me to find clothes.
The big percentage is us, the real people, and we have to say something. You have to speak up. You have to.
I know who I am.
There was a time where I knew I was as funny as many dudes, but I had people telling me, 'You have to wear a dress onstage. You need to be more feminine.'
I've perfected the art of busting on people. That's how comedians show each other love.
Every black comedian in the country knew what I could do. But that doesn't mean everyone else is paying attention.
I know I'm fly - don't get me wrong. But I don't look, like, standard Hollywood. As a comedian, it's something you learn to use.
You know what makes me mad about 'The Bachelorette?' That, you know, that that chick would get a man. Get me a date.
I honestly believe that people sit behind their computers and just get really brave.
I get real brave when I text people. When I text people, I am so brave because it's words, but you can't say stuff.
You can look good. Don't let nobody tell you you can't look good because of your size... or what size your feet is.
