American,Author
Effective networking isn't a result of luck - it requires hard work and persistence.
One of the most powerful networking practices is to provide immediate value to a new connection. This means the moment you identify a way to help someone, take action.
The key to forming good habits is to make them part of your 'rituals.' I have a morning ritual, afternoon ritual, and Sunday ritual. It's one way to bundle good habits into regular times that you set aside to prepare yourself for the life you want. Rituals help you form habits.
I have learned that champions aren't just born; champions can be made when they embrace and commit to life-changing positive habits.
It can be easy to become 'friends' or 'connected' with someone in a digital world, but it requires thought and strategy to convert social media connections into rewarding business relationships.
Goal setting should be part of your daily and weekly routines and should not be based on a calendar year or month.
Each day, we have the opportunity to learn something new, apologize for our mistakes, and become better.
There's no way to become great overnight, but in the marathon of success, it takes a lot of intention to see you through each day of the journey.
The road to profits is paved with unfair advantages.
Your clients are critical to your business. Don't lose touch with who they are and why they've chosen to do business with you.
The world is awaiting your gift - all you have to do is show up with the right intention!
Delivering a successful presentation could mean landing a major new contract, better prices for your services, or getting the funding you need. Failure can mean lost customers and a business that never gets off the ground.
Entrepreneurs spend an inordinate amount of time inside of our own heads - thinking, analyzing, agonizing and obsessing over every little detail of our business. Sometimes, we need a break from ourselves. Meditation is a chance to let the thinking mind rest.
If you don't want to live a life where you go to a job every day just so you can enjoy your weekends and get two weeks of vacation every year, then don't do it.
When people are living from passion, they tend to be fulfilled, happy, healthy, and love everyone around them.
Disruption starts with committing to excellence and taking a stand for your customer.
Instead of telling a story about how great your brand is, try telling a story that shows you completely understand and empathize with your customer and their life.
Chasing profits and building a long-term profit model are two different things.
Action can cure fear and hesitation and doubt.
No matter how much you plan and prepare, things can still go wrong.
While entrepreneurs spend a lot of effort trying to avoid failure, sometimes the lessons one learns from those missteps can be invaluable.
When beginning your entrepreneurial journey, acknowledge that you become a product of the five people you spend the most time with. So choose your company wisely.
When it comes to building your business and developing a powerful network, you'll want to develop a reputation as someone who highlights others. Not only does this give credit where credit is due, it also communicates that you're secure with your success and have the ability to promote others in your industry.
Just like football, business is a game of inches, where the smallest advancement or advantage can mean the difference between winning and losing.
Everyone can benefit from seeing smart marketing.
Having a story is what people connect with, but the story alone doesn't allow you to achieve greatness and results. It's the day-to-day consistency of providing value to your audience.
When it comes to nurturing professional relationships and developing a community, LinkedIn is one of the best resources.
It doesn't take a lot of research to realize that the human eye is drawn to attractive things. So the better looking your LinkedIn profile is - meaning professional and complete - the more qualified you'll appear to your audience and the more interested people will be to check out your site.
The more content you share, the more opportunity people have to see it and engage with it.
Among the social networks, LinkedIn can be one of the most useful when it comes to cultivating critical, lucrative business opportunities, since it has a high concentration of business decision makers.
The ability to network successfully can be one of the greatest assets in business. It allows some people to find incredible opportunities, while others just watch from the sidelines.
What's your routine after attending a networking event or meal? If your answer is, 'I go home,' you're probably going to miss out on opportunities.
Apart from creating a vibrant branded Twitter account for your startup, business owners should consider creating their own personal account on Twitter. Fans and followers often want to connect with the person behind the brand.
Giving customers and prospects a glimpse into the entrepreneur's life and mindset can allow them to cultivate a deeper relationship with customers separately from the brand.
If something catches your attention, it's probably going to catch the attention of others, too.
Becoming an authority in your industry can be a great way to promote your business and help you better serve your clients.
New things get noticed. This means you can't be afraid to present something new to your market, even if it's just a variation or an addition to an already-existing product or service.
Don't allow people to suck up all your time with their questions or problems. Learn to say 'no' more often.
If you come across as boring or monotone, you're going to lose your audience.
There's no reason to feel embarrassed about presenting your product or service if it solves a problem.
Entrepreneurs typically have an instinct for smelling opportunity, but that same killer instinct can quickly turn to weakness when it becomes a distraction from primary goals.
It's almost always easier to sell to an existing customer base than to find a new one.
Many business owners dream of having their product or service endorsed by a global celebrity. But instead of trying to get a superstar to support your business, try seeking out a local celebrity instead.
Not only is a LinkedIn group free to create, it can enable you to offer your professional network a vibrant, useful information resource, all while driving traffic to your site and increasing sales.
While it may be difficult to get on the front cover of a major magazine, you can create marketing strategies and opportunities by being featured in a popular niche blog.
As a leader, your job is to share your vision with your followers and either warn them of danger or highlight opportunities coming in the future.
Online leadership is about leveraging digital platforms such as blogs, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, and other networks to build a loyal following of people who want to learn more about and benefit from your experiences and expertise.
Leaders are focused on using their vision and courage to do great things. This means challenging the way things are done and then sharing the journey with others.
Besides having an audience, the most important currency for any leader is his or her reputation. And having a reputation for over-delivering on what's expected of you should give your visitors, subscribers and customers more reason to spend their money with you and refer their friends.
Some of the most successful products are born from a personal need to solve a problem rather than a desire to turn a profit.
Meditating is easier than most people think. Start by focusing and following your breath. The goal is not to eliminate thoughts entirely but to continually return to your breath. Taking this time to relax your mind can help sharpen your focus in other aspects of your work and allow you to work for longer periods of time.
As entrepreneurs, we already know our most valuable asset is time, but not every entrepreneur knows how to properly use that time.
I was a pain most of my childhood, always mad at the things I didn't have. Things shifted drastically in my 20s when I started putting an emphasis on gratitude. Focus on the good you do have, not the things you lack.
I was in my 20s when I started writing my goals down, assigning each a date that I would achieve them by. I was amazed when I started reaching these goals by the date I had listed on them. It was a daily visualization exercise, and it almost always works.
No one cares about your logo, nor the font size that's on your site.
Yes, it's important to make things great, and you can certainly do this by upgrading over time, but good and profitable is better than perfect and never done.
Having even just one relationship with an online influencer can have a significant impact on your business.
Using social media can often be the fastest and easiest way to connect with online influencers because they are already established platforms for connecting with like-minded individuals.
Successful people often enjoy telling their story.
When you are seen as someone who actively communicates with new connections, it can make other online users want to connect with you.
As a business owner, what's the sense in having droves of followers and connections if you aren't able to turn them into paying customers?
As a business owner who is looking to market his or her company, you should be on the lookout for opportunities to get face time with movers and shakers in your network.
Sleep might be the most important aspect of building a great business, and having a high-performing body.
There isn't much room to get sick, be angry or unhappy when you do something you love all day.
Coming from losing my dream of playing professional football, not having a college degree at the time and looking to jump into the business world at a young age was pretty daunting for me.
You may confuse a lot of people when going against the grain of conventional thinking, and that's perfectly okay. As an entrepreneur, standing up for your vision to your family and friends might possibly be the best practice you will get for the life that awaits you.
When you are competing for attention and eyeballs, articulating value and evoking possibility and vision can be powerful tools.
As a business owner, leadership is more than just telling others what to do. Leadership is about the investment we make into others and the responsibilities we accept for being the voice and direction that others count on.
Every great leader knows that his or her role comes with responsibility for those who follow him or her, and in ensuring they provide value in return for their loyalty.
Recognizing poor leadership is a vital skill to help you achieve greatness.
Poor leaders motivate those following them with false promises of promotions, success, and a great tomorrow but rarely deliver on those promises. Leaders who do this can be manipulative and often hold the goals and aspirations of their followers hostage in order to get them to comply.
Before you can change your industry positively, you need to understand how to go about doing so.
I often speak publicly, and when I do, I also get to listen to other presenters. The most memorable are the ones that hit an emotional chord with a tight story and a punch line. No fluff. Keep it creative and concise. Greatness exists in quality, not quantity.
Speaking can be a lot like exercise: The more time you spend getting ready, the more you mentally build the task into something larger than it actually is.
