American,Comedian
I like coffee because it gives me the illusion that I might be awake.
The worst thing about Halloween is, of course, candy corn. It's unbelievable to me. Candy corn is the only candy in the history of America that's never been advertised. And there's a reason. All of the candy corn that was ever made was made in 1911. And so, since nobody eats that stuff, every year there's a ton of it left over.
All the candy corn that was ever made was made in 1911.
You can never put too much pork in your mouth as far as I'm concerned.
All food is comfort food. Maybe I just like to chew.
Being a playwright is like the equivalent of doing a jigsaw puzzle that has 1,500 pieces, and it's a jigsaw of a blue sky. Not a cloud in sight.
Basically I wake up in the morning and I think everything's going to be great. I'm really kind of optimistic, and I look forward to a new day. I pick up 'The New York Times,' and I look at the front page and realize that once again I'm wrong. I start to fixate on stuff.
The Democrats have responded to the Republicans' lack of dealing with reality by truly not dealing with reality, either.
When it comes to idiots, America's got more than its fair share. If idiots were energy, it would be a source that would never run out.
If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat.
When a country wants television more than they want clean water, they've lost their grip.
Do you know what 'meteorologist' means in English? It means liar.
In my lifetime, we've gone from Eisenhower to George W. Bush. We've gone from John F. Kennedy to Al Gore. If this is evolution, I believe that in twelve years, we'll be voting for plants.
It's absolutely stupid that we live without an ozone layer. We have men, we've got rockets, we've got saran wrap - fix it!
There's no such thing as soy milk. It's soy juice.
As psychotic as it gets outside, the comic can be more psychotic.
What makes it difficult for people trying to follow a dream is that the whole time you feel like you're slamming your head against the wall. So it's nice to make a breakthrough and not kind of lying there with your head bleeding.
When we anticipate, we're the happiest. Unless you're on antidepressants. The reason you take antidepressants is because you can't anticipate. You think everything's going to be horrible, so it usually is.
I'm a Jew.
It's a privilege to pay taxes. Yeah! It's not a political question, folks. We have to pay for stuff.
My parents were married for sixty-five years, and I was married for about ten minutes, my first year at Yale Drama School. Something, somehow, didn't get passed on to my generation.
I think that I don't panic as much as the folks on the left or the right do. I don't have that sense of panic.
Political audiences are not fun.
I'm a happy person but an angry citizen.
The kids say golf taught them this and that. I get it with the military: A guy joins the military because he needs discipline and has to find himself. But don't tell me, 'Golf helps you find yourself.' I've been playing my whole life, and I'm still looking for myself.
One thing I know about the rich, being rich, is that you can take money from me and tomorrow, I'm still going to be rich.
If I get a week off, I'll go to a hotel that has a golf course. I like to come downstairs and go right onto the course. I'll do that five days in a row.
I would like to play Pebble Beach at some point. I keep waiting for them to call and ask me to that little pro-am thing, but I'm not big enough.
I don't need politicians doing a 24-hour prayer with Oral Roberts to get our country back on track.
My touring has never stopped; from the time I started doing stand-up, I've been on the road.
I've got stuff about airline mergers, which just shows that my stand-up is getting more insane by the minute.
Basically, I started on stage yelling and I kept yelling, and then I yelled some more, and then I yelled even louder. I'm modulated now.
I'm a selfish, little pig of a man.
Online, there's no time. It's always Christmas.
I'm not a great joke writer, which is odd for a comic to say, but I'm not.
What I find most disturbing about Valentine's Day is, look, I get that you have to have a holiday of love, but in the height of flu season, it makes no sense.
The whole Valentine's thing is fine, but you don't back it up right next to the biggest gift-giving holiday of the year. Unbelievable. And we find it acceptable.
I started playing golf when I was a kid, because across the street from where we lived there was a little nine-hole golf course where my father worked.
Saying that the Palestinian people aren't really a people - that's not a zany thing to say. That's a psychotic thing to say in the midst of all of the politics we live through on a daily basis.
I'm amazed that anyone is interested in what I have to say.
Janeane Garofalo ended up, in a sense, being pushed by the media into becoming a pundit.
It took forever for me to get work because I was a political comic, and now it's become good business, and God knows how long that'll last. You have to do it night after night after night to kind of make it. I still find myself on 'Piers Morgan' or on some show and I think, 'I hope this is funny.'
You don't want another Enron? Here's your law: If a company, can't explain, in one sentence, what it does... it's illegal.
Democrats are dumb and Republicans are stupid, but the difference between dumb and stupid is dumb isn't funny. Dumb is when you say something and the whole room goes, 'What did he say?'
There should be a law that you can't shut down the government - that you don't have that power.
If we're not going to tax the rich anymore, we're going to create class warfare.
You look at my audience, and it proves what Congress thinks America is, is wrong. I get people across the political spectrum. Parents and kids come and they're all punked out, and there are these other guys in John Deere caps.
For a while, I thought the great disappointment of my life was that I don't have a family of my own. Then it dawned on me: That's not what I think; that's what married people think.
The thing that makes my generation The Greatest is our ability to hang out. We're spectacular at it. If you take somebody from my generation and sit them on a couch and bring them food and plumbing, they'll sit there and talk to you about anything you want until the day you die.
I don't understand how anybody's still a Democrat or a Republican. I don't know what they're basing it on.
You got to be just stupid to not be focused on alternative energy.
Socialism appeals to me. It's like imposed Christianity. You've got to share.
Republicans and Democrats can barely do what they're supposed to do, and they sure can't do math!
Democrats are like a big tortoise that's on its back and can't get up; you can't make jokes about that.
People would be a lot better off if they'd enjoy being single.
I don't buy the 'at 60 it's great to have kids' thing. I don't buy the line that has been thrown down - 'You can have a kid at any time.' That doesn't mean you should.
Parenting isn't just parenting your own child.
The people we elect aren't bipartisan. The American public is bipartisan.
In Vegas, you have an audience you can't find anywhere else. It's from all over the country. You play Seattle, everyone's from Seattle. But in Vegas, you have six from Seattle, a bunch from L.A., some local Las Vegans and maybe a farmer from Iowa. In Vegas, you learn the ins and outs of holding a room because of that great spectrum of folks.
I am angry that the Democrats don't have the ability to explain to Republicans that we should be able to feed people in this country, and that is not socialism.
What I've found in my career is that 70 to 75 percent of comics are nice and have some sense of social skills, but there are those who end up in comedy because they don't know how to socialize. I don't want to deal with that group.
One of the interesting things about comedy is it's tension release, and nothing creates tension faster than anger.
The fine line that you do when you do political comedy is, as long as you have that laugh, you're fine.
Harry Reid is not funny; he's creepy. Nancy Pelosi is creepy. Charles Schumer is sneaky and creepy.
If you're going to pick a book and you want to base a system of government around it, why not 'Harry Potter?'
Stand-up is the only thing in which you actually write it, act it and direct it simultaneously, so it's actually a great theater exercise.
When I'm funny is when I'm angriest.
You've got to be stupid to heckle me - I am very equipped to win.
Kids seem to get me when I play colleges - they like it because I go after them. They'll come up after and say I am like their dads, only funny.
If you're going to vote for somebody because you think they have a great faith in God, you'd better be sure that God has faith in them.
Stupidity really gets me going, when it's just plain stupid, obvious stupidity.
I like college football, but I'm a huge college basketball fan. I could sit and watch every game of March Madness and be happy. That could be a vacation.
The core of the American public, their hearts and their minds are in the right place. And that gives me hope.
Most of the longer-term relationships I've known have been gay relationships. They seem to be able to hang out longer.
I watch some CNN and a lot of Fox, because it helps me get irritated.
This is how sad my life is: I got a scar from scratching my chicken pox too much. That's my big scar story. I really have no major scars.
I don't Tweet a lot because I've Tweeted things that I thought were really innocuous about subjects that are inflammatory, and the response is so insane sometimes from people.
Self-love is a big part of golf.
Macs are not intuitive. It's intuitive to the person who created it. It's not intuitive to me.
I think the only reason you visit an Apple store is because you wonder what life is like on another planet.
My problem has always been with authority, and I'm sure if anybody understands that, it's people in uniform.
No matter what, your parents are going to worry about you. I had a tour bus, and my mother still thought I was broke. Remember: It's your life, not theirs. Just because your parents sent you to college doesn't mean they bought the rest of your life.
If you yell about one woman, you're not a misogynist. If I yell about Michelle Bachman, that doesn't make me a misogynist. If I compare all women to Michelle Bachman, then I'm a misogynist.
I like my friends because they make me feel normal, even though I'm not.
When you're fund-raising for schools, then something's wrong. We seem to have lost some sort of sense of what the common good is, and if you don't have a sense of what the common good is, then at least give to what you think your specific goods are.
I'm not a big birthday guy; I never have been.
The fear of health care changing is beyond belief. Like there's a way to make the system worse. Really?
Everybody's always asking me about my blood pressure. They did an interview once where they hooked me up to a blood pressure machine and they'd rile me. I'd yell and scream, and then it would just go back to normal in a few minutes. Everything else is probably rotting, but the blood pressure is spectacular.
I continue to work on plays, but I've always felt that you could put a note in a bottle and send it offshore, and you'd have as much chance communicating with people.
When people come to my act any time after Thanksgiving, I usually say, You shouldn't be here. You should be shopping. Our economy depends on you! You should be out there buying stuff.'
I've got stress like anybody else, and it builds up during the day. Like, I'll be trying to do something on the computer, and I'll get stuck, so I go to the help section. And it just enrages me, because why even call it a help section at all? There's nothing in any way 'helpful' about it.
Nobody in college races home and says, 'I can't wait to see the news! I can't wait to see who CBS is going to hire!'
I think that many things that go on in an art school have a tendency to undermine confidence, and that shouldn't be part of the ballgame, ever.
Anybody who likes writing a book is an idiot. Because it's impossible; it's like having a homework assignment every stinking day until it's done. And by the time you get it in, it's done and you're sitting there reading it, and you realize the 12,000 things you didn't do. I mean, writing isn't fun. It's never been fun.
Everybody's family has different values.
My parents are the last of the middle class. My father worked for the government designing sea mines. My mother was a substitute teacher. Together, they worked really only until they were sixty.
