American,Musician
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.
I am definitely the queen. I definitely see myself as the queen.
I love spending time with my dog, my niece and my family. I'm very family-oriented.
I respect everybody, but at the same time, I carry myself with an aura that demands respect, too.
I'm a girly girl. I'm strong, but I'm very timid. Very dainty.
I like bowling. I suck at it, but I like it. You know what's so funny? I have days when I'm absolutely great at doing it, and then I have days when I just don't understand it.
But this is Miami, you can't come to Miami and not show any skin. You gotta show something. If you're all covered up in this heat, you're gonna make me pass out out just to look at you. It's sweaty in Miami-but the diamonds will keep me cool.
I really want people to understand that nobody is perfect and that things happen in life beyond our control.
The streets made me. They stay at me. There's nothing that's gonna take away from my legacy. I'm sorry. It is what it is. I'm dying this way. With the crown on my head, nobody can take nothing away from me. It is what it is. I am who I am. Bottom line.
A lot of people let me down... A lot of people I thought were my friends turned on me.
My fan mail is what keeps me going.
I love to reinvent myself, and that's because I am a very free person. I do what I feel, and I love who I am.
Money talks. This is the thing, at the end of the day, I do what I have to do, and I'mma keep doing what I have to do.
All my life, men have told me I wasn't pretty enough - even the men I was dating. And I'd be like, 'Well, why are you with me, then?' It's always been men putting me down just like my dad. To this day when someone says I'm cute, I can't see it. I don't see it no matter what anybody says.
I love doing things people don't expect.
I've always expressed my love for fashion through my music.
Lil' Kim is my stage name and a character I use when I'm out working my livelihood.
Sometimes I'll be driving and a lyric will come into my head, and I will have to pull over and record it on my phone.
Honestly, I can't survive without my MAC gloss, pigment - sometimes MAC powder. But definitely my gloss and pigment and liner. I don't do mascara all the time. I do when I wear no lashes. I use the mascara, but when I wear lashes, I don't always do mascara, because it makes it real heavy sometimes.
The artist I wanna be like is Michael Jackson. I'll get the house with the roller coaster and the rides and a disco, and I'll invite all my friends and just stay at home.
I haven't had sex in eight months. To be honest, I now prefer to go bowling.
I like to live righteous. And I just want everyone to know I'm not trying to get out of anything.
Today begins a new saga in my life which I expect to strengthen me and allow me time for reflection... I plan to write music while in prison, read and pray regularly and will come out a stronger, more confident woman.
It was a very emotional dinner... Everyone shared personal stories about her and gave her words of encouragement and inspiration. Everyone tried to remain positive.
I want all my friends, family and fans to know that I am in good spirits and I will be fine.
I know I always say my occupation is not dancing, but dancing is in my heart, dancing makes me feel good.
