American,Athlete
I think I'm pretty down to earth.
We get criticized for showing no personality, then we get penalized when we do.
I don't think I should be underestimated.
I don't enjoy being in Europe for weeks on end, so I just skip it.
While I still have more good days than bad days, I'm going to keep playing.
I did not grow up with people, you know, pounding in my head, 'This is what you've got to do, this is what you're going to do.'
While I was always successful... I never thought I'd be one in the world.
I was never a prodigy.
I always tried to hide the fact that I was an athlete. I just wanted to be normal.
I wasn't a perfect thing at 17. I didn't have confidence. I was hunched over and real embarrassed, and I didn't want to be in the limelight. But it changed over time.
Nobody wants to go through divorce, especially when there's young children involved.
Tennis is more commercial these days.
You always see people coming back to the sport, and I've always thought, 'Gosh, when you're done playing, wouldn't you just want to stay at home?'
I come from a family of working women, my mum went to work two weeks after I was born - my parents had no money, there was no choice.
I could never have gotten back into my career without the undying support of my husband, who works full time at a stressful job! We decided that we were going to do this as total partners and it is a 50/50 deal with us.
In the history of women's tennis the great players have come back from long absences with no problems.
The return is one of the hardest shots to make when you come back from injury.
I've played too many tennis hours.
I'm not that interesting!
I never had tons of friends on tour. I was quiet and went about my business.
I couldn't imagine being from a country where all the pressure is on a particular player.
Some times you lose more than you win. It's about handling losses and trying to turn them into positives. You get out into the big leagues and there's a period of adjustment to be made. You've got to handle it.
With my child, I hardly watch TV now.
I TiVo 'CSI,' 'CSI: Miami,' 'Grey's Anatomy,' 'Young and The Restless' - my husband hates that one - and that's pretty much it.
