American,Actress
When we shift our perception, our experience changes.
Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself.
Our breath gets shallow and ineffective when we are in a stressed state. I advocate stopping whatever you're doing for a couple of minutes five times a day, closing your eyes and taking deep breaths.
As I got older and more educated about things like chemicals in food and how beef is processed, I simply stopped eating certain things because it felt like the right thing to do.
A lot of people say they want to get out of pain, and I'm sure that's true, but they aren't willing to make healing a high priority. They aren't willing to look inside to see the source of their pain in order to deal with it.
I've experienced several different healing methodologies over the years - counseling, self-help seminars, and I've read a lot - but none of them will work unless you really want to heal.
My favorite splurges are cheese pizza with hot peppers, Haagen-Dazs maple-walnut ice cream, Giant brand ice cream sandwiches, and fire sticks - those hot candies the size of a three-inch ruler.
I started taking acting classes when I was twelve.
Finally I had a place where I could express my pain and I felt safe because I didn't have to put my name on it. I think acting kept me alive back then.
Then no matter what goes on around you in the physical universe, hang on to what you know.
The fact that it's science fiction gives you the license to do anything you want to do.
And I can't tell you how many women from a certain age group - they would be in their 30s now, 20s and 30s - tell me about how I was their role model when they were young girls.
I think it's safe to say that each of us has at least one issue we are passionate about and struggle with, issues that robs us of our peace, our joy and our ability to experience love.
There is only one issue: man's lack of experience in feeling his Divine self and his innate connection with the Divine. All other issues stem from this.
It's about sharing. You just give what you have to give wherever you go, and you let God handle the rest.
My comedy is different than a lot of people's.
I did the 'Bionic Woman,' which of course had a lot of humor in it, and that was really a function of a lot of the ad-libbing and the things that I did in it.
The life force knows exactly what it takes to keep any particular living organism - any organism - alive. Anything in manifestation, for that matter. Even a rock is a manifestation of some sort, and you know, in physics and quantum physics, they know a rock is not dead.
Our experience of many life circumstances is a function of our personal perspective and not the circumstance itself.
I was pretty locked up emotionally as a kid - my family situation was tumultuous. But I was extroverted. So when I was in pain, I would tell jokes instead of expressing myself.
I actually started acting because I couldn't dance.
If you really want to be able to express what goes on with other people, you have to be able to look at them and empathize with them and not judge who they are and what they do.
The acting served as an outlet for my emotions for some time because I was doing it under the guise of someone else. And that can only be therapeutic up to a point until you truly deal with it and can express it to someone directly. Acting was a helpful outlet for me as a child. In some ways, I can say it saved my life.
Sometimes I think I might have children while I'm still working, but then I think I'd better wait until I can give them all I want to give.
I'm so optimistic, it's depressing.
I was at a banquet, and I went into the ladies' room, and I'm in the stall doing my business, and a piece of paper and pen came from outside the door, and she says, 'Ms. Wagner, would you please sign this for me?' And I said, 'Are you kidding me?'
