American,Journalist
I know I'll be under a spotlight, I know I'll be under the microscope.
When I'm anchoring, I miss chasing stories in the field.
So I plan to prepare thoroughly and have several outfits waiting in the wings in case of inclement weather.
In terms of broadcasting, you have to make decisions about where you want to spend your time.
I grew up watching Monday Night Football with Howard Cosell and the other guys with my dad.
My mom died when I was 8.
So my dad raised me, and he's a huge football fan.
When I found out I got this job, I cried, of course - I'm a girly-girl - and then I called my dad, and he cried, too. On so many levels, this is a thrill for me.
I'm comfortable with my femininity, and I don't try to change what I look like just because I'm reporting on football at the end of the night.
I'm proud of what I look like. I'm proud that I look like my mom.
I'm proud of being Hispanic.
And I'm proud of what I do as a professional, too.
Being attractive and being credible can and do go together.
You mean the fact that Tom Arnold would spend more time with the hair and makeup people than I would?
And that Michael Irvin would care more about his wardrobe than I would?
We're starting to push the envelope in terms of the expectations, and you can also have your own style, personality and sense of humor, because now we're allowed to.
I've always been the only girl in those environments. It's comfortable for me - I prefer it, actually.
I've always been around dudes and sports.
My approach is a very human one, as a fan.
I'm not going to relate to an athlete as a peer.
I want to know about what makes an athlete tick.
I'm looking forward to talking to Bill Parcells, too, and to seeing how that marriage with Jerry Jones goes.
I love color and I love to dress like a woman.
No, one of the great things about my three-year deal is that it's year-round. They've offered me an opportunity to cover a lot of things in the offseason, too.
In the morning, I reach for the sports page.
On my morning run, I listen to sports talk radio.
