American,Author
Hair color is the easiest way to change your appearance, but a bad dye job might draw more attention to you.
I have a love/hate relationship with jogging.
I wrote my first screenplay on a lark, because it was a storytelling format that felt like a familiar shorthand - we all watch movies, don't we? But even though I grew up in Los Angeles, my family was entirely unconnected with the movie industry, and I never truly believed that it would one day be my fate.
Sometimes a single item can wrap up, in a nutshell, who a person is. In my grandparents' home, a clear plastic container was enthroned on top of the mahogany bar for at least a decade. Painted on the lid in pink, yellow and light blue was 'Have a Nosh With Mort & Ethel'.
I wouldn't say that my family is normal.
I could never really choose a favorite book, but whenever I'm asked what my favorite movie is, I always say 'Withnail & I,' a British film from 1987. It's funny and sad and absolutely gorgeous to look at. It's the film I can watch over and over again.
I was on a few surveillance jobs as part of a big team. I would be the person to follow the subject on foot when the need arose. But most of the time, we were sitting in a car doing nothing.
I am a huge Mel Brooks fan. And I do think that not seeing his canon of classics is a bit criminal or clueless.
I was young, maybe 4, when I learned where babies came from.
When I was 6, I learned where I came from, which was one step removed from the usual circumstances. I was adopted.
I didn't feel a strong bond with the parents who raised me, and I had anything but a happy childhood. My mother was overly sensitive; my father, ascetic. I was neither. I felt as if I were living with complete strangers. I suspect that my parents felt the same way.
The sense of not knowing where I came from let me be as smart as I wanted to be.
Humor is the only way to tell a story. Especially the dark ones.
I usually have a sense of where my characters are personally and ways in which they might transform throughout the novel. But I never know at the outset how the book will end, nor do I ever stick to my original plan.
People transform in some ways, and they remain exactly the same in others. Often, the thing you'd like to change the most about yourself is where you will forever remain stuck.
I've got no business giving advice to anyone. Even a fictional character.
While I had no intention of ending the series after 'The Spellmans Strike Again,' I did close many doors in that book and, with the fifth one, I was opening a lot of doors and not finding anything behind them and then opening another door and another until I found something. It was a while before I found my stride.
I loved writing the Spellman novels, but I never had any plan to only write in one genre.
I tend to start books with a very broad outline, but I always leave room for happy accidents. With 'The Passenger,' there were perhaps too many of those.
I don't feel like I'm a writer who works under any influence.
There's no reason why a writer shouldn't explore and use different genres.
I worked for a private investigative agency briefly. I rarely had the opportunity to snoop.
I have certain rules for snooping, under which anything out in the open is fair game.
You can't be suspicious 24/7. It's too exhausting.
I'm not a huge fan of research, but sometimes you get an idea, and then you realize you don't know anything.
If you're trying to hide, avoid using your own name. Have a couple spares that you can pull out of your pocket anytime, the more thoroughly documented the better.
