American,Musician
I think God made a woman to be strong and not to be trampled under the feet of men. I've always felt this way because my mother was a very strong woman, without a husband.
But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money.
I'm very much a gentleman in what I do.
Elvis may be the King of Rock and Roll, but I am the Queen.
I don't think a woman has to act like a man to show that she has strength.
I never accepted the idea that I had to be guided by some pattern or blueprint.
Gay people are the sweetest, kindest, most artistic, warmest and most thoughtful people in the world. And since the beginning of time all they've ever been is kicked.
And I'd like to give my love to everybody, and let them know that the grass may look greener on the other side, but believe me, it's just as hard to cut.
A lot of people call me the architect of rock & roll. I don't call myself that, but I believe it's true.
People called rock & roll 'African music.' They called it 'voodoo music.' They said that it would drive the kids insane. They said that it was just a flash in the pan - the same thing that they always used to say about hip-hop.
But when I went on the stage to do a show, I would put on makeup because I felt that it enhanced my act; it drew attention to what I was doing.
Greed has taken the whole universe, and nobody is worried about their soul.
I always knew I was a man, always felt that I was a man, always wanted to be a man.
I did what I felt, and I felt what I did, at all costs.
I love God, and I'm a follower.
I try to be a guide for people, to make their darkness bright and to make the pathway light, and never to condemn or control or criticize.
Rock 'n' roll offered me a platform to speak what I felt. It also offered me a platform to support my mama and my brothers and sisters - twelve children.
I've never gotten money from most of those records. And I made those records: In the studio, they'd just give me a bunch of words, I'd make up a song! The rhythm and everything. 'Good Golly Miss Molly'! And I didn't get a dime for it.
And I don't get down on nobody else for doing whatever else they do. To each his own.
And I think a woman should find it a joy to be female because God made both male and female.
But I was singing loud, and most singers weren't singing loud.
But I'm a rock 'n' roll singer; that's my livelihood, my occupation.
God gives us the ability, but rock 'n' roll was created by men.
God is omnipotent, He is omniscient, and He is ever present.
I also like the banging piano - that old good-time piano.
I also think that what's wrong with all of us is that we don't show enough love toward each other.
I look back on my life, comin' out of Macon, Georgia - I never thought I'd be a superstar, a living legend. I never heard of no rock and roll in my life.
Black people lived right by the railroad tracks, and the train would shake their houses at night. I would hear it as a boy, and I thought: I'm gonna make a song that sounds like that.
It's hard to have a friend when your name's a household word.
I think my legacy should be that when I started in show business, there wasn't no such thing as rock n' roll. When I started with 'Tutti Frutti,' that's when rock really started rocking.
I'm a conductor of revivals. The only minister in the whole package. Little Richard, the evangelist.
I am the architect of rock n' roll. I have to be a fan of all its forms.
