American,Businessman
Every transportation department at schools thought that there should be a bike buddy program. They thought that bicycle commuters wanted to find another buddy to bike with to campus, which is a nice idea. But the consumer demand for that was about zero.
When you're starting a company, almost anything that can go wrong will go wrong, and it will probably look like and feel like you made the absolute wrong decision to start the company. If you're not absolutely determined to solve a problem or see something through, it might not make sense to keep going.
When I went to the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 2002, I decided I wanted to leave my car at home and create an experiment with my own life. I'd only be able to find creative solutions to transportation if I felt the pain of trying to get to downtown at 10 o'clock at night.
I really admire Airbnb as a pioneer of the sharing economy and for building community. They've found an elegant way to help hosts make more money and for guests to have authentic experiences. It brings those people together in a unique way.
The company culture is about being human, being good to other people. We recently did a survey with our drivers. 48 out of 50 said that they preferred driving with Lyft because they said that passengers were friendlier.
I've always been fascinated with how transportation systems work and how cities are designed.
I grew up in L.A., and it's one of those cities designed around cars instead of the people that live there. I spent hours every day stuck in traffic, having the experience of looking around and seeing one person in every car.
In March 2005, I was appointed to the board of the Santa Barbara metro transit district. I was incredibly optimistic about how public transportation can be the solution to help people live in the city and not need a car.
I typically work out 20-30 minutes every morning to get the day started.
To get to the office every day, I either take a Lyft or have my wife drop me off. It's about a 15-minute drive from my house to the office.
I start every day reviewing priorities, prepping for meetings, and getting updated on key projects.
I try to block a couple of hours of unscheduled time every day so that I can work on the day's most important projects.
Lyft came out of a hackathon project where we were trying to figure out what does Zimride look like on mobile.
With Lyft Line, we are matching two or more passengers who are heading the same way. That's how we're going deeper and are able to provide transportation for different kinds of trips.
Most of the population cannot afford a private driver. What we're doing is relentlessly innovating to bring the price point down.
Almost every ride we're profitable on. We make money on every ride.
Our goal was never to create a better taxi.
Our goal was to completely change transportation. Change traffic. And make it possible to get anywhere you want to go without owning a car.
From the way that we build cars or going after space travel, I get excited about the transportation space because it's the second-highest household expense after housing.
We want Lyft to meet your needs, whether going out to a nice date or event and want a nicer car, or if you're just trying to get to work every day and need something affordable.
We're learning a lot from large international competitors... As we go international, we're looking to add something unique to the market. And so when we do go international, it won't just be as a taxi service.
I think Uber is a good car service, but Lyft is going after a much bigger problem in trying to make life without a car possible and reinvent the way people get around cities.
Uber is a good car service, and that's exactly what they were when we launched.
If we want every car on the road to be a Lyft, we need to make it incredibly convenient for drivers.
In L.A., it's the sort of city where you have to have a car to get around.
I think we've built a bit of a culture and a market around people who are open and seek out that social interaction.
