American,Actress
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Wearing the correct dress for any occasion is a matter of good manners.
In my dreams, I could be a Princess, and that's what I was. Like most little girls, I believed nothing less than a Prince could make my dreams come true.
A charming woman... doesn't follow the crowd. She is herself.
I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.
I believe that prayer is our powerful contact with the greatest force in the universe.
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
It's so important to look relaxed.
Unless some misfortune has made it impossible, everyone can have good posture.
If you have enthusiasm, you have a very dynamic, effective companion to travel with you on the road to Somewhere.
In silence - and in self-defense - I figured things out in my own little way.
I've learned that getting what you want gives you a pretty high batting average, and leaves you plenty to struggle for.
Just because you want to be glamorous, don't be a sheep about your eye makeup.
A pleasant voice, which has to include clear enunciation, is not only attractive to those who hear it... its appeal is permanent.
Giving credit where credit is due is a very rewarding habit to form. Its rewards are inestimable.
There is no personal achievement in being born beautiful.
No one is ever too old, too rich, too poor, to pray.
Certainly tears are given to us to use. Like all good gifts, they should be used properly.
Your hands, your eyes, your voice, your thoughts are your servants.
A face is like the outside of a house, and most faces, like most houses, give us an idea of what we can expect to find inside.
Gratitude isn't a burdening emotion.
As an actress, I have to be objective about myself. If I don't criticize myself, there are plenty who will do a find job of it for me!
Nearly everyone I met, worked with, or read about was my teacher, one way or another.
I'd lived by quotations, practically all my life.
I couldn't bear it if anyone knew I had hardly any self-confidence at all.
I was a very wanting child.
Success can't be forced.
Everything worthwhile, everything of any value, has its price. Everything anyone has ever wanted has come neatly wrapped up in its penalties.
I want no part of making any contribution whatsoever to the despair which eventually follows downbeat thinking.
I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?
