American,Actress
It's never too late to go out and get that feeling back.
Animals are thinking, feeling creatures. They're sensitive.
Remember this about the Korean War: The men were drafted; the women volunteered.
I haven't met a horse I didn't love. I love caring for them, cleaning them. I love doing my own tack and giving them treats.
Our planet is dying. Whales will be extinct before we ever get to know them. They say these creatures are so intelligent. They may disappear from the face of the Earth before we know them, and that is a great tragedy.
Watching movies was like going to school for me. It still is. You're always learning. Even if it's bad, you're learning what not to do.
If you care enough, you make a difference.
I just can't remember a time when I wasn't involved with animals and wildlife.
When I went to school, I was in the same mode. I did the things I enjoyed, what I loved.
Everybody has their thing. I think you can always do what you like.
I just can't wait to get out there on stage. There's no anxiety at all. I love being able to take this journey with the audience, because we all have a ball with it - even if we're crying.
M*A*S*H offered real characters and everybody identified with them because they had such soul. The humor was intelligent and it always assumed that you had an intellect.
I don't eat or wear animals, but I never tell people not to - that's just my view.
I don't think we should be deprived of the privilege of free speech.
I felt like I was flying without a net. But once I realized that the audience was my partner, I was flying a jet, because the people would allow me to develop the character on stage.
I have certain strong interests that fill my life as well.
I love being creative in all forms.
It wasn't so much that I was all alone on stage, but it was the realization of how much you need the response-you need the audience to tell you where to go.
Shirley Valentine is a beautiful character and so well written. What Shirley speaks and thinks is so logical.
So much of life is luck. One day you make a right turn and get hit by a car. Turn left and you meet the love of your life. I think I made the correct turn.
The pursuit of happiness is in our Constitution. We're all entitled to have the best we can.
We should be able to be ourselves. Make a political stand if you want to.
You only know what you know.
Hot Lips changed a lot in eleven years. Initially, Margaret Houlihan behaved as though a man were the only thing that could complete her life, and she didn't see what richness her life contained. She gained a lot of self-esteem through the years, and she came to realize that what she did, what she offered, was valuable.
My parents didn't want me to go into show business. They were afraid of what would happen if I didn't succeed. They wanted me to get married and have babies. I never saw marriage and family in my life.
My first thought in life was wanting to be an actor. I was in ballet slippers and on pointe as soon as I could walk. I always wanted to be an actress, not a mother or housewife.
