American,Comedian
I don't stop eating when I'm full. The meal isn't over when I'm full. It's over when I hate myself.
I'm bored' is a useless thing to say. You live in a great, big, vast world that you've seen none percent of.
There are people that really live by doing the right thing, but I don't know what that is, I'm really curious about that. I'm really curious about what people think they're doing when they're doing something evil, casually. I think it's really interesting, that we benefit from suffering so much, and we excuse ourselves from it.
I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.
It's a positive thing to talk about terrible things and make people laugh about them.
I think you have to try and fail, because failure gets you closer to what you're good at.
Perception is created and twisted so quickly.
Life isn't something you possess. It's something you take part in, and you witness.
There's no such thing as a cheap laugh.
Well, when I was younger, I lied all the time, because once you understand the power of lying, it's really like magic because you transform reality for people.
If you're a woman and a guy's ever said anything romantic to you, he just left off the second part that would have made you sick if you could have heard it.
It's more fun to experience things when you don't know what's going to happen.
Talking is always positive. That's why I talk too much.
I've had soccer moms come up and tell me they can relate when I say that I want to throw my baby in the trash.
When I am in a hotel, and I turn off the lights and the TV, I just freak out. I turn the TV back on and don't get any sleep.
Being popular with an audience is a very rickety ladder to be on.
People don't talk to me on airplanes.
Life is full of horrible mistakes.
Most people are dead. Did you know that? It's true, out of all the people that ever were, almost all of them are dead.
When I got divorced, I thought 'Well, there goes my act.'
I definitely look at my body and I go: 'Yuck.'
Everything that people say is testable.
There's a woman I see who's not my therapist, but she's like an old friend who's a therapist in profession. She lets me talk to her like a therapist once in a while, and she does a great thing. Whenever I have a big dilemma, like this is a big problem in my life, she always says, 'Wow, you're going to have to figure that out.'
America's a family. We all yell at each other. It all works out.
I've tried to do away with lying in my life in the last few years, but it's hard.
When two kids are being completely berserk, and they're naked and throwing food around, sometimes I just let it go because I can see a future where they're going to be dressed, and they're going to be at school. So I kind of let stuff go sometimes.
I'm not sure why I'm so often disgusting on stage. I don't always know where it comes from.
Gay men have to go through something to own their - who they are. They get beat up. They get ostracized. Whatever they go through, if they survive it, they come out very confident people.
To me, it's very exhilarating when somebody else does a great thing, and it's not me.
When you're young as a comic, you don't have a lot of leverage.
Whenever I've encountered a Christian saying, 'Why don't you stop talking like that so I can hear you?' I think, 'Well you're the one putting the earmuffs on, but I wish you could hear me because I like you.'
There's been a lot of simple vilification of right-wing people. It's really easy to say, 'Well, you're Christian, you're anti-this and that, and I hate you.' But to me, it's more interesting to say, 'What is this person like and how do they really think?'
When I was first divorced, I started dating younger women, and it was really exciting. But after a while I was like, 'This is just dumb.'
The problem is, the more famous you get, the more people see you who didn't choose to.
I'm not a political comedian. That's just not what I do.
You know, the people who do indie film and decide who gets those little budgets? They're mean, man. They're cold and very cool-oriented.
To me, art supplies are always okay to buy.
I do feel a lot of times like I'm out of my league with my kids in terms of what my responsibility is.
When I take my kids out for dinner or lunch, people smile at us.
The thing is, comedy's gone in a weird direction. People are really into ironic comedy and fakeness and cleverness.
I grew up watching all these crazy movies, European movies and stuff, and I guess that I always laughed at things that were a little more offbeat.
A lot of the struggle I had with movies is I really loved moments and tones and feelings in a scene, and I loved creating those, but I never really had great stories to string them together.
I don't believe in this idea of, 'That's hate speech, stop it.'
I don't think it makes any sense to try to get anyone to not talk.
You have to be aware of who you're talking to in an audience.
I've met a lot of people who've lost their jobs and they still have a sense of humor.
Anytime you see a bit where some stranger does something to me, it's me.
I love comedians. They're my community.
Comedians work great as actors because they're good under pressure. With a lot of actors, you have to make them feel like everything's going really well to get a good performance out of them. But, if you have a comedian on the set, you can tell them, 'Hey, you really are screwing this up,' and then they just get better.
I like being full, every day, with stuff that I have to do.
There's no real preparing at home for stand-up. You just go and you just do it.
I would rather be with my kids than anybody else.
To me the goal of comedy is to just laugh, which is a really high hearted thing, visceral connection and reaction.
I don't like comedy. I like funny things. I don't like comedy. Like, comedy movies are just, 'Oh Jesus.'
I don't have a room full of writers pitching ideas. It's just me out of my head.
I have a crazy amount of different jobs, so the way I manage that is to not do more than one at a time. It's like old computers that had small memory chips, they would do something called swapping, where they would fill the memory with one task, do it and get it out.
Breaking records is not something you expect to be doing. That's like a sports thing, it's not usually a comedy and writing thing.
You can't direct without a good crew.
A lot of TV is put together by teams, by writing staffs and several different directors. It's a great, very smart way to make television. It's worked for however long TV's been around.
For my scale, how I grew up and live my life, I'm making plenty of money.
I spend enough time onscreen looking hangdog and depressed.
It's kind of awkward to eat alone in a restaurant because everybody's looking at me.
I never viewed money as being 'my money' I always saw it as 'the money.' It's a resource. If it pools up around me then it needs to be flushed back out into the system.
I don't think women are better than men, I think men are a lot worse than women.
When you're a father in a marriage, you sort of become the mother's assistant. And you sort of get a list from her every day and you run down the list and it feels very much like a chore.
Comedy isn't polite and it isn't correct and it isn't accurate, even. It's just a mess. So that's the way that I approach it.
Some things I think are very conservative, or very liberal. I think when someone falls into one category for everything, I'm very suspicious. It doesn't make sense to me that you'd have the same solution to every issue.
Pushing the envelope' sort of implies that you're inside the envelope with everyone else, and you're trying to find the edges on the outsides.
I'm not motivated to entertain people through Twitter, so just by having Twitter and not saying anything, I make people mad.
I think I'm past any window where I'm suddenly going to become surprisingly ripped so that people go, 'Oh, my God, what happened to you?'
Sometimes I try to take a nap before shows. That clears my head.
I could never sit down and write jokes.
I know what it's like to have a bunch of material that's working that you don't care about. You want to die.
My ex-wife, she really didn't like the material that I did. And that's something I regret, that I wasn't more careful about making sure that she was O.K. with it. I just sort of didn't ask. So that's how that goes.
A very painful part of being a parent is having really negative feelings about your children when you love them so much.
I think one reason TV has always done well is because there is something comforting where you kind of know what you're going to be taken through.
I get mad like anybody else does, but being able to laugh about getting mad is very healthy, and my kids know that.
I do actually use a boxing trainer when I train for stand-up.
It's hard to know where your thoughts come from, especially when you have a thirst for material because you need it professionally.
