American,Musician
My work is like my vacation, so in a way every day is like Saturday.
I've always had an affinity and a passion for cars and that whole car culture.
I've never been a cocky individual, but I am very confident.
I love technology. We can be our own DJs wherever we go.
It don't take a lot to make me happy. I'm not spoiled like that.
I love everything from old-school cars to whatever the latest muscle or luxury vehicles are.
I find myself eating different kinds of chicken each and every day, even if it's by surprise.
I used to be a video game freak, but I've kind of like eased back.
'Ludacris' is something that I made up. It just kind of describes me. Sometimes I have like a split personality. Sometimes I'm cool, calm, and collected, and other times I'm beyond crazy.
I'm always in that mode - whenever I have a little free time, I'm always recording songs, writing, whatever I gotta do. It's like my job is my vacation.
I feel like we need more aggression today.
Working through experience is best for me, just being there and trying to get into the mode.
I'm a perfectionist, so I always feel there's room for improvement.
I'm one of those people that just likes to be comfortable.
I'm a part of the no-tight-jeans coalition.
It's a lot of crooked cops out there. They manipulate the system.
But it's a blessing to be so successful within a year; it's the greatest feeling in the world, making money and doing the things that I'm doing, and I definitely trying to continue doing what I'm doing.
I made my first complete song when I was 9.
I'm just basically spillin' out my emotions to the world. 'Cause rap is about emotion. And I want you to feel what I'm feelin', 'cause that's what it's all about.
The hip-hop community is made up of a lot of hustlers. Everybody is trying to get theirs, and everybody is trying to eat.
Anytime I shoot a video, I just think of anything I can do to set myself apart from everybody in the music industry.
I made my first song when I was 9 years old. Just beating on garbage cans, having people beat box.
I'm ridiculous, I'm ludicrous.
I've been trying to nail it into everyone's heads that I feel like I am the most versatile rapper.
I don't want to be too over-exposed, but then at the same time I don't want to be too out-of-sight-out-of-mind.
No matter how much money I ever get, I'm going to want to provide for my family and never have to go back to really struggling. You don't ever want to go outside, you don't ever want to be left in the cold. You want to be safe.
