American,Businesswoman
If you keep an open mind, you can learn so much from the people around you.
There is growing demand for renewable energy.
As you think about developing people through their careers, you're looking for that transition from being the smartest person in the room - and caring so much about that - to being the most effective.
Effectiveness comes from those qualitative things that give you the ability to network, communicate, and lead people toward an outcome they can't see.
Leaders play a unique role in periods of crisis and chaos. Because if you don't, you're not going to harness the power of all the people behind you.
I don't see a sea change by 2020, but I see migration in the direction of modernization and more flexibility in the generating system going forward.
You were in the midst of a chaotic, unfair, didn't-know-how-it-was-going-to-end story, and the only thing you could do was... keep moving.
I find, at times, people underestimate me. That's really an asset.
Reliable and competitively priced electricity is fundamental to growing our economy and creating jobs. Our customers expect nothing less.
We see natural gas as an important part of the electricity generation mix for many decades to come.
What we are investing in, from a generation standpoint, are renewables and natural gas.
I went to work in accounting at Arthur Andersen. At one point, it was the creme de la creme. I wanted to work there because it looked like the hardest thing I could find, and I loved being on a steep learning curve. I progressed quickly, and two years out of college, I was managing a small team of people.
People who love what they do get after it every day.
I think about trust and confidence as something that you earn every day, and we will keep at it, earning it every day.
If we are not more efficient, we put ourselves in a position where prices need to rise or profits deteriorate in a way that makes us less attractive to investors.
Always play to your strengths, whether your strengths are gender-based or just natural aptitude.
I actually had someone say to me, 'Lynn, you're going to have very good days, and you're going to have very bad days. But It's rare that things are as good as they look, and it's rare that things are as bad as they seem.' So having perspective, and challenging perspective, is important to making good decisions.
It was exciting putting hundreds of millions of dollars to work buying and building wind farms in Texas.
Utilities fall in love with their assets, and that's a danger we need to avoid.
On two occasions, utility executives I'd never met had looked at me and said, 'I thought you'd be bigger!' In a way, I took that as a compliment!
Nuclear is an important part of the heritage of Duke. We operate the largest regulated nuclear fleet in the U.S. We love the diversity of the generation.
M&A is always an opportunistic tool to grow a company.
We support regional generation, particularly for nuclear. It's just a large investment. We think it's something a community comes around to make those investments work, and South Carolina is very committed to nuclear generation.
Fracking has been a real technological change that has caused great innovation in our business, and we've had the benefit of very low gas prices for our customers as a result of that.
I think we'll still be operating coal in 2030. Whether we will be in 2040, I think, is a question, or in 2050.
If I were to share with you the number of attacks that come into the Duke network every day, you would be astounded. And it's not from people working out of their garage; it's from nation-states that are trying to penetrate systems.
Over the long term, we should develop and implement new technologies to capture and store coal's carbon emissions. We also must make our electric grid more resilient.
All options to produce, transmit, and store electricity should be considered, driven by clear price signals and constructive government policy.
Our nation's power plant fleet must include a mix of solar, wind, hydro, natural gas and nuclear plants.
We don't believe carbon capture is a proven, scalable, commercially available technology.
I don't see any new coal.
There are no coal plants on the drawing board for Duke, which leaves us with gas, renewables, and nuclear.
If we just isolate distributed solar all by itself, it does not work without the utility around it. And so the utility needs to be paid for the services it provides.
You move an organization when they understand where you want them to go.
The enthusiasm around carbon capture and sequestration was probably greater before the shale-gas discovery and the low prices were so prevalent.
Natural gas is an important part of delivering energy, whether you're producing power or other solutions for customers.
I am honored to be named chairman of Duke Energy's board and privileged to lead our company forward for our customers, employees, and shareholders.
I am deeply honored by the trust the board has placed in me to lead Duke Energy. I have a high degree of confidence in the strength of our company's leadership and dedicated employees.
I will work to ensure Duke Energy is positioned to continue its track record of outstanding customer service and operational and financial excellence.
Our customers are at the center of everything we do.
More than 40 percent of the electricity we generated in the Carolinas in 2015 was from carbon-free sources.
Through Duke Energy's strong balance sheet and electric generation expertise, and Piedmont's understanding of natural gas markets and proficient operations, the combined company will be well-positioned for a future that may require additional natural gas infrastructure and services to meet the needs of our customers.
As we continue to move to a lower-carbon future, we will also continue to work constructively with states to identify customer solutions that preserve the reliability and affordability that our communities expect.
Volatility is not something that is a great fit for Duke if you look at the level of dividend we pay.
I believe that nuclear needs to be a part of the solution if the U.S. really wants to be aggressive about reducing carbon.
Building new nuclear is something that is going to take a lot of commitment, not only from our company but from the communities we serve. It is a five-to-seven-year journey to build one, and they are expensive.
When you're in a crisis, there's really no playbook.
It's important to keep your long term perspective and communicate well both externally and internally.
I love nuclear.
If we're going to be serious about decarbonizing the bulk-power system, nuclear has to be part of the conversation.
I respect passionate views.
I'll be the first one to tell you I burn coal... That fossil generation and the nuclear generation, frankly, is necessary in order for me to provide power.
If you can, anticipate that life is going to be full of detours.
When you are in a situation or a crisis, you need to define, what is the unique role that I can play?
Leadership is a journey - you never arrive.
We should be building more nuclear today.
