American,Musician
When you feel sad, it's okay. It's not the end of the world. Everyone has those days when you doubt yourself, and when you feel like everything you do sucks, but then there's those days when you feel like Superman. It's just the balance of the world. I just write to feel better.
I flood the Internet with what I think is quality content. That's why I did things like giving out a song every 100,000 Twitter followers because I am just looking for ways to get my fans to hear all this music without over saturating things.
I can have a song with Ariana Grande that is going to be the song for all the kids and the teen girls, and then another song that could be for a different group of people who all love the song. I'm with whoever. Whatever type of people want to love the music and whatever they love about the music is fine with me.
I like tattoos. I'm gonna be covered. I'm not going to touch my face or under the chin on the neck: it's my least favorite place.
It never gets boring for me because there's so many different things to explore in the studio. The studio's become the sanctuary that people have come in and found new things out about themselves, as weird as that sounds. But it's true, I'm no different. I've made some crazy hard records, and I've made a jazz album.
Radio's a scary thing for me. It's dope to be on there.
My ideology was, if I just make very happy music, very happy music, then people will forget about whatever their problems are. I will forget about my problems.
I always thought I'd look corny in the type of rap video in the club with girls and all that type of stuff. I just didn't think I could really pull that off. We always think it's more fun and better just to go outside the box and to use our videos to show cool concepts.
I just like to sing for people who have lost love.
With 'Blue Slide Park' I wanted to have a number one album, and I did do it, so I'm not mad at it, but that was its goal.
I'm 21 years old and I think that I've got a lot of perspective in life.
I used to just think about what my fans wanted all the time. But it just started feeling weird to me. I want to just show everyone who I am and stick to my vision. I have to trust myself.
I was never just a 'fill in 16 bars on a beat' rapper. I was making real songs from the jump.
The whole background of 'Avian' is rain. I was just playing with textures and realizing you can touch music.
If I had a Salvador Dali painting, I would cuddle it to sleep.
I've been playing a guitar since I was 10 years old.
'Cruise Control' was the first track me and Wiz Khalifa ever did. I made the beat on that, and I played guitar on it.
Every single person in my life and every relationship I have is distant because all I do is music.
I'm addicted to something at all times. Like, it's always music, but maybe sometimes it's a pair of pants or something else. That's just how my personality works.
I'm gonna make music, and I'm gonna capture every aspect of being a human being. That's really all I'm trying to do. I think that artists and pop culture identities are used to simplify what it means to be a human and pigeon-hole people into looking up to one role model.
People don't really give me much anymore, and for good reason. I have to pay for a lot of stuff now, I can afford a lot more than I ever could before. No one really gives me anything anymore, but it feels good.
