American,Musician
Music is therapy. Music moves people. It connects people in ways that no other medium can. It pulls heart strings. It acts as medicine.
It's easier, as a white person, to be silent about racial injustice. It's easier. On paper. But it's not easier on the whole, because injustice affects all of us, whether we know it or not, whether we acknowledge it or not.
Thrift shopping is all about going into the thrift shop and having no expectation of what you might find.
The question is, What type of human do I want to be? How do I want to use my platform? Do I want to be safe, under the umbrella of my white privilege? Or do I want to push back and resist?
I got sober, and I got happy again.
Bullying is a national epidemic.
I don't want to look back and be like, 'You had it all, and you weren't even present for it. You weren't able to enjoy it.' I want to be here, be now and be grateful.
I'm as honest as I can be.
Do you want to live life, or do you want to escape life?
Thrift shopping is really just an extension of me being that same kid and going into a place that's completely unconventional that has really endless possibilities in terms of outfits that you can put together and really just expressing yourself.
You can only watch injustice go on for so long until you're compelled to say something. To speak out against it.
I think music should be experienced by people all ages.
'Vote Love' means vote equality. It means vote change. It means vote what's right for humanity.
I definitely use 'smiling while rapping' as a tool in the booth. I want to have fun while recording.
Sampling is kind of prehistoric, given the technology and the textures you can create.
It's weird because music is this thing that you love doing, and it comes completely from a place of creativity, and then that transfers into having to manage a business and make decisions and figure out what is the best route to go in terms of getting your product to as many people as possible.
The man that got me into collecting sneakers in the first place was the man they call Michael Jordan. He was the one who kind of exposed me to the sneaker world - he was my favorite basketball player, and he had the best shoes.
I want to make music that I like; not something that I have to make because I think it's going to sell.
It's really not about me. At the end of the day, God willing, I'll have another 40 or 50 years on this planet, and what I'm saying to myself is, 'What do I want to leave here?'
Reading a piece of poetry with no beat in front of 20 people is way more challenging than rocking for 10,000 people.
The fame and the money and all that stuff that comes along with it is all great, but that's not the sole purpose of why I make music.
I think what's wrong with the fashion world, particularly men's fashion, is the lack of creativity behind it.
I think that, as a white person stepping into doing any sort of anti-systematic-racism type of work, asking yourself, 'What is your intention?' needs to happen on a consistent basis. Check yourself. Check yourself. Check yourself, like, constantly.
My partner has to have good sized bones.
Its easy to view politicians as corrupt and voting essentially an act of picking the lesser of two evils. I understand that perspective and feel it's valid.
I shop at thrift shops probably five times a week.
