American,Dancer
I love dancing just because I've done it my whole life and it's definitely what I want to do. I feel like, I want to train with acting and do movies. Those two are my main priorities. I definitely want to be able to sing and model, too. I definitely love those, too.
It's hard to do a reality show when there's so much crying and drama.
I started with ballet, and once I started to really like it, I got into more - I did jazz and tap, and then kept going.
I never thought that I'd be dancing with Shia LaBeouf. When I heard he was going to be my partner, I was like, 'Does he even dance?' He doesn't, really, but he's such a sweet person.
Every time I do a talk show or something, I'll be like, 'I'm doing 'Chandelier,' right?' and they're like, 'No, you're doing a skit and three dances.' It's different every time. I never really know what I'm doing until the day before.
I just want to continue to pursue dancing. I want to focus on making it out there and showing everybody my heart and soul through dance... and do it until I can't walk anymore.
I dance. I don't really do anything else.
I love tap!
You have to stay in shape for dance. I don't want to be too skinny, but I don't want to be overweight. I want to be in the middle.
I love snacks, but I'm kind of growing out of them. I'm getting into fruit and Clif Bars.
I never knew that I would be performing on talk shows with Sia.
When I came back from filming the 'Chandelier' video, everyone was like, 'So what'd you wear? What did the room look like? How many chandeliers were there?' And I was like, 'Well, I wore a blond wig, a nude leotard, the room was dirty, and there was no chandelier.'
I think it's funny when people, they try to imitate the 'Chandelier' video. I think it's hilarious.
I like Sam Smith and Taylor Swift. I love pop music, but I also like Sam Smith's slow songs. That would be more to dance to. I think dancers like different genres of music, compared to just a regular person.
I met Drew Barrymore, and she was so cool. She told me, 'I know I just had my baby three weeks ago, and that's why I'm emotional, but I cried when you performed.' And then she pulled out a tissue and said, 'Look, I was sobbing.'
I like Sprite a lot, but I try not to drink it. My mom doesn't want me to drink Sprite because it's unhealthy. So she always has me drink water, but it's hard not to!
I like Disney Channel a lot, and I also like to watch 'Full House.'
I usually get home from dance at 10 every night, and I'll watch TV for about 30 minutes, and then I'll go to bed.
All I do is watch dance videos. I love Ricky Ubeda, who is a contemporary dancer, and I also love Madison Cubbage. They inspire me to work harder every day.
I love doing hair and makeup and making 'Video Star' videos with my friend, Kendall. I also love to draw. But my life is dance, dance and more dance. I wouldn't want it any other way.
I'd love to do something where I can act and dance at the same time, like on Broadway or in movies.
I don't feel that normal anymore because I get recognised, even when I'm just trying to have fun or going to get ice cream with my friends.
I just want to stay professional.
On a scale of one to 10, I feel I'm at a nine because there's definitely room for improvement. I know I could go further.
I particularly want more acting. I've been auditioning a lot, and I definitely want to act.
My favourite TV show is 'Pretty Little Liars,' and I actually made a guest appearance on it. I didn't really have lines for my character, but I definitely want to get more into those kinds of shows.
