American,Actress
I think it's really good to get the adrenaline pumping.
Before acting took off, I was a professional kiteboarder training for the world circuit; with a sporting activity, you have to be determined, and it taught me to have a thick skin, which came in use after going to so many auditions and being told 'no.'
I'm lucky because I remember my dad showing me 'Independence Day,' and I loved it.
Signing up for 'It Follows,' I didn't have any idea it was going to turn out the way it did, but seeing it, the music and the feel of it definitely was pretty amazing, getting that kind of throwback feel to classic horror movies.
I went from living in the Dominican Republic - every day, my mom and I would cook, or we'd go hang out with the kids - to flying a private jet to Chicago with Zac Efron and Dennis Quaid. People had champagne, and they were going to these amazing restaurants. It was a culture shock. It's important, I think, to have that. To see both sides.
I'd love, love, love to do a comedy. I can't imagine being on set and being happy and cheerful. That seems so foreign.
Acting is such a crazy industry, but kite boarding keeps me grounded.
Surprisingly, I am great at kiteboarding, but I'm not great at surfing.
I have my own past and my own personality. I'm going to relate to the material in a completely different way than somebody else might.
I think it's good to conquer the fears.
A lot of times, I'll get roles where it's the dumb blonde or the cheerleader, and I just have no interest - and it can be a great movie, it really can - or the mean girl; those things don't intrigue me much.
With kiting, you have to land a trick, and in that instant you know whether you won or lost - I knew I could become the best in the world if I trained. But with acting, there are different variations; there's not a right or wrong way. It's so hard because it's so out of your hands. I have no idea what's going to happen!
I started kite boarding when I was 13. My dad was a kite boarder, and I begged him to teach me until he finally agreed. He made me wait because it can be dangerous.
I'm working on a movie called 'Labor Day' with Kate Winslet while still balancing kite boarding. Being an actress and an athlete is a challenge, but I'm excited to see what happens.
When I was living in the Dominican Republic, the local kids became a part of my family.
My goal is to continue to act and still be a professional kiteboarder.
I've seen so many scripts, and I want to do everything. Like with kiteboarding, you have to be fearless. I'm not scared.
'The Shining' scares me so much.
I don't look at myself as a Scream Queen, and I don't plan on continuing on this genre route. If anything, I want to go very different places.
My dad took me to see James Brown live, and that's so cool, cause I don't think many people my age can say they saw James Brown. I'm pretty proud of that. That's the thing about me that no one really knows. I had to have been 6 or 7, but I remember it vividly.
I love James Brown, and as a baby, I was always dancing to James Brown.
I grew up with horror. My dad loves movies, and he passed a lot of them on to me. There's something so fun about them.
'The Shining,' 'A Nightmare on Elm Street,' 'Halloween.' Those are the greats.
To be honest, you don't get the full picture when you read a script.
When you watch a film, a huge part of it is the music and the coloring and everything that comes together to create such a unique film. So, reading the script, I had no idea what it was gonna be.
I enjoy roles that are quite physical.
It would be incredible to work with Stanley Kubrick and go back in time.
I think 'The Shining' is one of the first horror movies I remember seeing.
What I love about my job is challenging myself and finding weird, different roles.
In the Dominican Republic, my mom and I lived in this little tiny town called Cabarete, which is very poor.
All my Dominican friends live in an area called Los Venaga. Their houses are shacks. They'd invite us over to dinner, and we'd sit in plastic chairs on the dirt inside a house.
I'm a huge fan of the first 'Independence Day.' It is amazing. When it came out in 1995, just how explosive and big it was... I loved it.
If you've got people around you that are like, 'Oh, you're so good,' this and that, it becomes unhealthy. My friends are like, 'You look like a doofus.' I'm like, 'Thank you. Thank you for that.' It keeps me grounded.
You go to see movies to feel something, and being terrified - there's something so fun about that.
I have a weird thing with knives. I don't like knives very much. Like when my parents are cooking in the kitchen and using knives to chop vegetables, I can't be in the same room. For whatever reason, knives just terrify me.
Cheerleader roles are really not my thing. I want things that are weird or not typical.
I think a superhero would be awesome to play.
I'd never thought of horror as being so challenging, but it is.
It's awesome when people respond to your movie and love it.
There are definitely scripts I start reading, where it doesn't interest me. Maybe it'll be a good movie, but the character doesn't intrigue me.
There's a lot of garbage, and then there are those ones that just stand out so incredibly. You fight for those roles; you do everything in your power to get it.
I like challenges. I think that's important.
For me, it's first about the characters. I look for a character who is intriguing and challenging and different from what I've done before.
There's some freedom that you get with indie films that you don't get with the big-budget ones. There's just a different style. I hope I can switch back and forth for the rest of my career, but I've kind of grown up on indies, and there's nothing better than working with these directors so closely and and being such a huge part of the process.
They have so many great horror movies made in the '80s. I mean, the old-school horror is so good.
I think, specifically with the horror genre, you have to make it very believable because it can come across ridiculous.
It goes without saying that it's important to vote.
Stick up for what you believe in and never, ever feel that you can't say something or speak your mind. I think that would be the best advice. Be strong. Be confident. That's really all you need.
I would really love to play a superhero. That is definitely up there on my list. Captain Marvel especially. That would be so cool.
For me, I grew up doing kiteboarding where no girls are doing it, and you had to prove yourself. You just had to know that you could do it, too. It's the mentality you had to have to make it. I work hard like anyone else.
You learn so much on set; I don't know if you learn as much anywhere else as you do when you're on set, working.
I grew up in the indie world, and that's what I'm used to, but there's something really incredible about having money behind a film and having the time to do as many takes as you want.
With a project like 'The 5th Wave,' you do something you would never do in your normal life; I would never have had S.W.A.T. training or boot camp, and there's something really cool about learning stuff like that that's really fun about our job.
You can learn more from a person just from their observations and how they see the world. More so than just talking.
When you look at the roles I've done and the roles coming up, they're all strong. I guess I'm more drawn to that than that kind of submissive role females can be categorised as.
I wasn't thinking that I was two horrors back to back; I was thinking these were characters that I want to play.
There's a lot of comedy in 'The Guest,' so it was a bit more fun in a sense - it wasn't so heavy like 'It Follows.'
My grandma passed away from cancer, and actually, when I was 18, I had an experience with melanoma - it's in the family. I had that experience where everything comes into perspective. It's the weirdest thing, 'cause you're like, 'It will never happen to me,' and when it does, it's like, 'OK, wow.'
I'm an only child, and we're a close family.
Knowing that anything can happen at any time, I made sure the people that I love know that.
I used to be a professional kiteboarder. People were like, 'Oh, my God, are you scared of sharks? Are you scared of injuries?' You can't be scared. If you're scared, then you can't do it. You can't train to be the best.
