American,Activist
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who says it.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.
I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong, than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil.
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense; I call it intelligence.
Power in defense of freedom is greater than power in behalf of tyranny and oppression, because power, real power, comes from our conviction which produces action, uncompromising action.
I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don't believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn't want to practice it with me. Brotherhood is a two-way street.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
History proves that the white man is a devil.
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.
Despite my firm convictions, I have always been a man who tries to face facts, and to accept the reality of life as new experience and new knowledge unfolds. I have always kept an open mind, a flexibility that must go hand in hand with every form of the intelligent search for truth.
If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary.
America preaches integration and practices segregation.
You can't hate the roots of a tree and not hate the tree. You can't hate Africa and not hate yourself.
Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world.
I just don't believe that when people are being unjustly oppressed that they should let someone else set rules for them by which they can come out from under that oppression.
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
The real names of our people were destroyed during slavery. The last name of my forefathers was taken from them when they were brought to America and made slaves, and then the name of the slave master was given, which we refuse, we reject that name today and refuse it. I never acknowledge it whatsoever.
I am for violence if non-violence means we continue postponing a solution to the American black man's problem just to avoid violence.
History is a people's memory, and without a memory, man is demoted to the lower animals.
We won't organize any black man to be a Democrat or a Republican because both of them have sold us out. Both of them have sold us out; both parties have sold us out. Both parties are racist, and the Democratic Party is more racist than the Republican Party.
The Negro revolution is controlled by foxy white liberals, by the Government itself. But the Black Revolution is controlled only by God.
If ballots won't work, bullets will.
My father didn't know his last name. My father got his last name from his grandfather, and his grandfather got it from his grandfather who got it from the slavemaster.
The white man, in his press, is going to identify me with 'hate.'
I want to take Negroes out of the ghetto and put them in good neighborhoods in good houses.
Integration will not bring a man back from the grave.
Stumbling is not falling.
I have been blessed to visit the Holy City of Mecca.
History is not hatred.
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.
The black man in Africa had mastered the arts and sciences. He knew the course of the stars in the universe before the man up in Europe knew that the earth wasn't flat.
When we say Afro American, we include everyone in the Western Hemisphere of African descent. South America is America. Central America is America. South America has many people in it of African descent.
What I want to know is how the white man, with the blood of black people dripping off his fingers, can have the audacity to be asking black people, 'Do they hate him?' That takes a lot of nerve.
You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker.
You can't legislate good will - that comes through education.
Power never takes a back step only in the face of more power.
America is the first country... that can actually have a bloodless revolution.
There is nothing in our book, the Koran, that teaches us to suffer peacefully. Our religion teaches us to be intelligent.
My father didn't know his real name. My father got his name from his grandfather and he got his name from his grandfather and he got it from the slave master.
Power doesn't back up in the face of a smile, or in the face of a threat of some kind of nonviolent loving action. It's not the nature of power to back up in the face of anything but some more power.
When we see that our problem is so complicated and so all-encompassing in its intent and content, then we realize that it is no longer a Negro problem, confined only to the American Negro; that it is no longer an American problem, confined only to America, but it is a problem for humanity.
All I held against Jews was that so many Jews actually were hypocrites in their claim to be friends of the American black man.
If you turn the other cheek, you can be enslaved for 1,000 years.
America in its entirety is segregationist and is racist. It's more camouflaged in the north, but it's the same thing.
When ghetto living seems normal, you have no shame, no privacy.
The Honorable Elijah Muhammad says that we should be separate, all right, but in this separate state or separate existence, the black man should be given the opportunity and the incentive to do for himself what the white man has done for himself.
In the past, the greatest weapon the white man has had has been his ability to divide and conquer. If I take my hand and slap you, you don't even feel it. It might sting you because these digits are separated. But all I have to do to put you back in your place is bring those digits together.
Do you know what integration really means? It means intermarriage. That's the real point behind it. You can't have it without intermarriage. And that would result in disintegration of both races.
If, if a white man puts his arm around me voluntarily, that's brotherhood. But if you - if you hold a gun on him and make him embrace me and pretend to be friendly or brotherly toward me, then that's not brotherhood, that's hypocrisy.
The White man pays Reverend Martin Luther King so that Martin Luther King can keep the Negro defenseless.
If you have a dog, I must have a dog. If you have a rifle, I must have a rifle. If you have a club, I must have a club. This is equality.
In the Bible, God offered the Pharaoh freedom if he would just let the oppressed people free to go to the land of milk and honey. But the Pharaoh disobeyed, and he was destroyed.
The white man made the mistake of letting me read his history books. He made the mistake of teaching me that Patrick Henry was a patriot and George Washington - wasn't nothing non-violent about old Pat or George Washington.
Good education, housing and jobs are imperatives for the Negroes, and I shall support them in their fight to win these objectives, but I shall tell the Negroes that while these are necessary, they cannot solve the main Negro problem.
For me, my 'X' replaced the white slave master name of 'Little' which some blue-eyed devil named Little had imposed on my parental forebears.
The American Negro has no conception of the hundreds of millions of other non-whites' concern for him: he has no conception of their feeling of brotherhood for and with him.
Being an old farm boy myself, chickens coming home to roost never did make me sad; they've always made me glad.
We who follow the Honorable Elijah Muhammad feel that when you try and pass integration laws here in America, forcing white people to pretend that they are accepting black people, what you are doing is making white people act in a hypocritical way.
Not one black man is prominent in Brazil. The Negroes there are still at the bottom.
Nobody should teach the black man in America to turn the other cheek, unless someone is teaching the white man in America to turn the other cheek.
What is a Dixiecrat? A Democrat. A Dixiecrat is nothing but a Democrat in disguise.
You have to realize that up until about 1959, Africa was dominated by the colonial powers. And by the colonial powers of Europe having complete control over Africa, they projected Africa always in a negative light - jungles, savages, cannibals, nothing civilized.
We are not anti-white. But we don't have time for the white man. The white man is on top already, the white man is the boss already... he has first-class citizenship already. So you are wasting your time talking to the white man. We are working on our own people.
White America is in the minority.
