American,Musician
My mom has always been my support system. She taught me to never give up and to keep pursuing my passions no matter what.
A smile is so sexy, yet so warm. When someone genuinely smiles at you, it's the greatest feeling in the world.
Rapunzel is a bit more relatable than the other princesses, especially because she doesn't even know that she's a princess until the very end of the movie. I like to think of her as the bohemian Disney princess. She's barefoot and living in a tower. She paints and reads... She's a Renaissance woman.
I've gone skydiving twice. I was terrified about doing it, but I wanted to overcome that. The first time, I did it with my parents and I remember that they had already both jumped out, and suddenly it was my turn. And I thought, 'Well, I don't want to be an orphan,' so I guess I have no choice, and I jumped out of the plane.
I travel the world visiting global health programs as an ambassador for the global health organization, PSI, and sometimes the disconnect I see is truly striking: people can get cold Coca Cola, but far too infrequently malaria drugs; most own mobile phones, but don't have equal access to pre-natal care.
I went to Catholic high school for half a year and religion wasn't the cool thing to talk about even at a catholic high school. It never came up.
Hope is the most exciting thing there is in life.
When girls feel bad about their looks, 60 percent avoid normal daily activities like raising their hand in class or even going to the doctor. That means that girls do not show up for life when they don't feel good enough or pretty enough. A role model can help girls see beauty as a source of confidence, not anxiety.
It was never important for a wedding to be about anything other than me and my partner. A big celebration was never my cup of tea.
Sweet is good. I'm not a fan of deep-fried things.
I carry around, like, a little journal with me and just write all the time. Not necessarily, like, actually sitting down and writing lyrics - just freeform writing, whatever's going on in my mind. I write a lot on airplanes, actually, because it's completely isolating.
I kind of feel, in a way, all of us will forever be asking those questions of ourselves: Who am I and how do I fit in in the world and what is all this about? Because those aren't really... there are no answers to those questions, in a sense.
Because I'm in an adult world and I'm really working, my age is just a number. It's not really who I am.
It's important to get well-rounded right off the bat. A lot of experienced dancers can get pigeonholed into one thing. I've been hired for a lot of different gigs simply because I can do a lot of different things with different levels of dancers. And it's sad to me that some dancers don't do more.
Love is like nothing else on this earth, but only when it is shared with someone wonderful like you.
I've always considered myself a fairly romantic person. I believe in love and falling in love at a young age.
I do think it's possible to change for the better.
The unknown used to be really scary, just that fear of, 'What's next? What if I'm not prepared?' I just don't feel that way anymore. I feel like the best is yet to come.
Having this other career in music made me work harder as an actress. It's made me more professional.
I am not going to talk about my personal life anymore. You have to learn that lesson sometime.
I have ambitions to do a Broadway record one of these days and get in the studio with like, a real orchestra. I'm a big musical theatre geek.
I just don't want to be known as the actress who can sing. I want to be known as the singer who can act, too. It's great cross-promotion.
I want to be in New York. It's the place to be.
I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood.
It feels important to go school; not necessarily to further my education, but more like a hobby.
Music is my first love.
There's a classic element that all good Disney movies have. It really comes down to the storytelling, I think. It manages to push all of these buttons inside of us; there's a sentimentality.
People who grew up watching Disney films like myself, there are films that are certain benchmarks in my childhood. 'The Little Mermaid' was the first movie I remember seeing. 'Beauty And The Beast,' 'Aladdin,' those are three I remember right off the bat.
I've had fun doing romantic comedies, but I just can't anymore. There's nothing fulfilling creatively, there's nowhere to grow, nothing to learn from it or for yourself. I'd rather just be home with my family or write music until that special project comes my way.
I guess I have sort of an atypical relationship with my mom for someone my age, because I think I started so young with the music thing and I had my parents always on the road with me. So at a time when I think I should have been rebelling, like in high school, they were actually my best friends.
My mom has never been a big meddler and isn't, like, extremely opinionated or at least just doesn't voice it to me. She's sort of let me come into my own by myself, and I think that's just a testament to what my parents did in terms of raising us.
I think I had the most fun making a movie with 'Dedication,' just because you knew that it was a passion project for everyone involved. We had X amount of days to shoot New York in the cold. No trailers. Just sort of kind of doing it guerilla style in a way.
As a little girl, I thought I'd like to get married on the beach. But I'm not the quintessential girl who had these sort of fantasies about that stuff.
'Wild Hope' just felt like such a selfish venture to me. It was a way for me to get out of my head, get some clarity on certain situations, and finally be a part of something that I was completely behind creatively and proud of.
I'm really kind of boring - I'd rather go to bed early and get up early because I really value my time off, my time away from work.
Growing up, I was obsessed with Disney movies like 'The Little Mermaid,' 'Aladdin' and 'Beauty And The Beast.' I was always singing the songs from these movies, so to find myself in the studio with Alan Menken was an amazing experience. In fact, it was a dream come true.
I'm very blessed that I get to dabble in both music and movies, and as long as people are willing to accept me in both roles, I'll be there.
There are parallels between the music and film worlds, but they're really very different. I feel like they're just two different ways to channel my creativity.
Growing up in the public spotlight and having insecurities like every other girl, I really know what it's like to feel self-conscious.
Developing a relationship with someone you admire, who can encourage you to reach your full potential, is something that everyone can benefit from.
I'm minimalistic when it comes to makeup, so I'm a sucker for anything that's multi-tasking. Aquaphor is my go-to product. It's great for adding gloss to eyes and cheekbones, and amazing for soothing dry cuticles, too.
I don't think I had the aspiration to be a star growing up. I loved Madonna and Bette Midler, and I had my karaoke machine and would sing their songs.
When I was first starting out in the music industry, I was always coupled in the same sentence with Jessica Simpson, Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera - and I was probably the worst of them. I think a lot of people back then thought, 'Mandy Moore... she'll probably go back to where she came from in a year.'
I love film, but it's bringing me away from music. Singing is what I'm probably most passionate about.
I'm learning to accept everything that I am. I've accepted that I'm not going to be a stick-thin-model kind of girl. When I was 14, I was tall and spindly. By the time I turned 18, I had become a woman, and my body's not going to go back to what it looked like when I was 14.
I'm a germ-phobe when I meet a lot of people or shake a lot of hands. I always have hand sanitizer and alcohol swabs so I can sort of go back and forth between the two.
I need to be more consistent about taking care of myself no matter how busy I am.
I love the idea of getting up early on Sundays and walking to the market to pick up fresh fruits and vegetables. It's a good way to start my day, and it makes me feel like I've accomplished something before other people are even awake.
I've always had bad posture, and Pilates makes me feel taller and reminds me to keep my shoulders back. And hiking isn't just about doing cardio, it's also when I can get my 'me time' to be alone with my thoughts. After Pilates I should do some cardio, and after hiking, I need to do some resistance training.
I can plunk out enough chords to write a song, but I'm completely afraid to play guitar in front of other people. It's a fear of failure, I guess.
When I started out in the industry I was 14 and a beanpole, but over the last few years I've grown. For the most part I feel pretty OK with how I look. I know I'm different from the typical Hollywood ideal of what is beautiful. But quite frankly I don't think that's attainable, and I'm happy to represent something different.
I understand people have preconceived notions of who I am or what I do.
I was happy to kind of always scoot under the radar.
We are in a culture where it's so easy to just turn things off that you don't like. And I think that doesn't make you a well-rounded person or artist. You have to be able to take the good with the bad and have opinions on things!
I like being friends with other women who are supportive of women. I think that is important.
We live in a world where it's difficult to be a woman who is strong and confident, so I like to surround myself with friends that embody that same principle and idea.
Anytime I listen to my gut and I don't do something, or I do, it always tends to work out in my favor.
I haven't thought about writing so much as potentially producing and finding my own projects to get into production. I want to be able to buy the rights to a story that I have read or a book that I have read.
