American,Politician
Trinity River Vision is huge for Fort Worth.
Instead of continuing with his empty crusade against voter fraud, President Trump should urge his Republican colleagues in Congress to work with Democrats to update the 1965 Voting Rights Act and restore the right to vote to all American citizens.
What we need is an education system that works for every child, not a select few. This starts with providing a quality education for our youngest Americans so they can learn, grow, and become prosperous citizens.
As policy makers, Congress has the power to promote public policies that economically empower single parents and drastically reduce childhood poverty.
Voting rights matter. They are a major part of who we are as Americans.
There is no evidence of widespread voter fraud during the 2016 elections or any relatively recent election.
Sadly, voter suppression is not a thing of the past.
As a member of the House Armed Services Committee and the Congressional Joint Strike Fighter Caucus, I have been a staunch supporter of the production of the F-35 since day one and understand the importance of its production for my fellow Texans and our nation's security.
I know from firsthand experience that claims of non-existent voter fraud are used to raise fears, steamroll facts, and overcome common sense, resulting in laws that have nothing to do with ballot security and everything to do with voter suppression and discrimination.
Everyone is concerned about manufacturing in this country.
My mother graduated from high school in 1969, and on January 3, 1971, she gave birth to me. She was married later that year, but by the time I was 10, she was a divorced single mother of two young boys. To make ends meet, we moved in with my grandparents, who were also housing two of my mother's siblings and their kids.
My family and I moved at least six times before I graduated high school. I was fortunate to have a large family network that combined their resources to help me accomplish my goals - but not everyone may be as lucky.
Children do best when their parents live together in stable relationships, when two incomes can be a catalyst for opportunity.
I have anxiety every day about being pulled over.
When I was in the state legislature, we asked for different examples of voter fraud, and the Republicans could never produce any sort of in-person voter fraud examples.
I was on the elections committee in my last session in the state House of Representatives.
Imagine how many people would not vote if they knew they were being recorded while they voted.
We have to continue to raise awareness as the Voting Rights Caucus... make sure people call into their state legislators. Let us know that they've decided they weren't going to vote because they heard it was a hassle.
I work in the commercial real estate sector.
When the F-16 first was rolled out, there were many problems in the development. There were cost issues, and it ended up being one of the best planes the military has ever seen and kept this country protected and kept many jobs in the North Texas area.
I want to work on changing the way this country views exercise and nutrition.
I really want to do something to make our lives healthier.
When you go out and meet new people, you can come up with new ideas and be enlightened and help the country become a better place.
I encourage all young people who are interested in government to try and apply to work for a congressman or some other elected official because you get very good experience.
Elected officials want to paint everyone with a broad brush. What they don't get is that everyone pays bills. Liberal activists pay bills. Conservative activists pay bills. Independents pay bills.
One of the issues that differentiates union members in Texas and the Northeast is guns. That's a big issue.
We must provide an improved early education system so that all students have the opportunity to learn and reach their full potential.
Sitting on the House Armed Services Committee is a great responsibility and an opportunity to represent not only the thousands of veterans in the 33rd Congressional District of Texas that I represent in Dallas-Fort Worth but also the active-duty men and women of our armed forces, national guard, and reserve components.
While I never served in uniform, I fully understand the great service and sacrifice that our brave men and women have given to our country.
I look forward to doing my part to keep our solemn vow to veterans who have served our country with pride and distinction. They are all heroes in my eyes, and they deserve no less.
The American Dream has always focused on building a better life for yourself and your family, striving for success, and even fleeing from religious prosecution.
Our friends, neighbors, and their families have been forced to live in the shadows out of fear of being torn from their families and deported from what is, for many of them, the only country they have ever known.
Please continue to voice your beliefs, as your participation is the foundation of our country's democracy.
No country has been more invigorated by immigrant culture, more rewarded by immigrant labor and immigrant ideas than America.
