American,Soldier
I spend most of my time at the ranch with my family, and enjoy life - watch the sun come up, watch it go down, thank God for another day, and just be happy.
Bottom line is that there's bad people everywhere. And every now and again, we are going to have to step to them to make sure that we preserve our way of life.
These 'lone wolves,' people like to call them, you've got to look at them not like a lone wolf but an individual operator who's been convinced in their head, brainwashed, whatever, that this is the way to go. And they will carry out their assaults systematically throughout.
There's nothing glorious about war. There's nothing glorious about holding your friends in your arms and watching them die. There's nothing glorious about having to leave your home for 6 to 8 months while your family's back here and you're away.
War's not black and white; it's gray. If you don't fight in the gray area, you're going to lose.
Revenge is a powerful motivator.
You have to realize, in real life, the gun battle lasted for over three hours, and the movie's only two hours long. My hat's off to all those stuntmen who laid it on the line and hurt themselves doing what they had to do to get that done because in real life, we all died, and the only reason I'm sitting here is because of modern medicine.
If we became buddies, obviously I'd start throwing some cracks at Him.
Who among you will love something more than you love yourself, all right?
I got my service dog when I was medically retired out of the military, and it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I wish every medically retired serviceman could have a service dog. He's amazing. He's my best bud. I go everywhere and anywhere with him.
If you sit there and dwell on the fact that you did something... you will lose your mind.
When they were working on the movie 'Lone Survivor,' all I cared about was that it was done right to honor all of the guys.
I'd been in so many villages. I'd be like, 'Up against the wall, and shut the hell up!' So I'm like, why would these people be kind to me?
Every time I get off the phone with one of my friends, I tell them I love them.
If I had to say something to Americans, being afraid and having fear, it's okay to be fearful because that will make you strong; being afraid will shut you down.
Every situation I have ever been in I have been trained for, and I dealt with it to the best of my abilities.
What the SEAL teams do, what our training does, is it chips away the outer that layer and shows you what you're capable of and not capable of.
In real life, it's war, and war's not entertainment. War is 'old men lying and young men dying' kind of deal. That's a saying; I didn't make that up.
I'm basically all titanium.
People always ask me, 'I don't know how you could watch that, how that affects you,' and I just tell them, 'I went through it in real life, so it's like pilots watching a 'Top Gun' movie or cyclists watching a bicycle movie,' something like that.
I can't wait to get back to the ranch and go back to easy living.
This entire business of modern war crimes, as identified by the liberal wings of politics and the media, began in Iraq and has been running downhill ever since.
I promise you, every insurgent, freedom fighter, and stray gunman in Iraq who we arrested knew the ropes, knew that the way out was to announce he had been tortured by the Americans, ill treated, or prevented from reading the Koran or eating his breakfast or watching the television.
I guess we'd better start getting used to the consequences and permit the American liberals to squeak and squeal us to ultimate defeat.
It's not secret that usually I don't have a filter.
What comes through my head is going to come out of my mouth.
If you had to put people, senators - if they had to go for their V.A. to get care, it would probably get fixed.
You play like you practice and practice how you play.
We trained like we fight.
Most of the time, I don't want to use anti-climatic, but sometimes you go out there thinking this is going to be the worst thing you've ever gotten yourself into, and then you get back to base and think, 'Wow, that wasn't anything like I expected.'
Don't waste one second on anything. Watch the sun come up, and watch it go down.
I could care less whether the American public knows what I look like.
I don't want to be in Hollywood or anything like that.
The last time I was in there to set up for a surgery, I was sitting in the waiting room ... watching television. And a special came on the news about a guy who got AIDS from re-used medical equipment in the VA. It was the same procedure I was fixing to get. I'm gone. Deuces. I walked out, man.
I love Boston.
I'm a big tradition guy. If you love this country and study history, then you will love Boston.
Texas is generally 82 degrees year round. I always tell people you don't know cold until you have been to Boston.
When I came into the Perry family, it was one of those deals where it was the only family I had. I didn't have a father figure growing up like that, somebody who genuinely cared about me. Governor Perry taught me how to be a good man.
One of the lessons I learned was that there are good people everywhere. That village, Sabray, saved my life.
People make mistakes, and bad things happen.
My greatest honor was to serve my country.
I wasn't the best frogman out there.
It's ignorance, and it's upsetting. Look at the young; they have no idea how great this country is because they never have been outside of it.
Burn the flag; that's a freedom. Then I have the freedom to take it away from them and tell them how dumb they are.
