American,Lawyer
The prosecution has an ethical duty to ensure not just that they get a conviction when the defendant is guilty, but also to ensure that they get it by means of fair trial, and that means a fair trial for the defense as well as the prosecution.
To me, one of the big silver linings of the Simpson trial is the advances we've made in understanding domestic violence as a lethal problem. Before that trial, I think there was a widespread sense that it was a family affair, a normal part of a relationship, not really a crime. The reality is that it's very much a crime, and a very serious one.
There are bombshells that happen in court. Especially when the defense doesn't share discovery of material the way the prosecution does, and so surprises always happen. Things pop out without warning.
Before I was a prosecutor, I was a defense attorney. I took a cut in pay because I wanted to stand up for the victims.
Every little pocket of Los Angeles County is almost like its own state. It has its own way of being and own way of feeling, and parts of it feel like the Midwest, and parts of it feel like the East Coast. It's a rich tapestry.
Most of my interviews have been with millennials, and it's been a fascinating window into my kids' world. It's been so wonderful to see a generation that seems so savvy in so many ways - and so much cooler than we were.
When I went to the prosecutor's office, I wanted to be one of the good guys that the defense could trust. I'd try fair, clean cases, pull no punches, no below-the-belt stuff. Honorable. Because that's the kind of prosecutor I wanted to deal with.
My life is a mosaic, and there's no room in between pieces at all.
I am a feminist. And I don't think of that as being anti-men, I think about it as equal rights for women.
I think women in general, we just soldier on. Whatever it takes, you just have to do it. It's your job. Whatever it is.
I loved my job... then the Simpson case happened.
It's gratifying when younger women come up and say, 'I went to law school because of you.' My heart swells; then it's like, wait, are you glad, or do you blame me?
The minute you step into a job where you have to be at all tough and assertive, that's when the mischief happens. And you're not allowed to be assertive and feminine.
I'm just not a religious person, not at all. I consider myself a spiritual person. I was always very drawn to Buddhism, Hinduism. I still meditate.
I have always thought of myself as someone for equal rights. I don't mind being called a feminist, and I get really upset when female celebrities resist the title as if it's a bad thing, because it's a very good thing.
I was famous in a way that was kind of terrifying. I had no protection. When reporters showed up at my house, there wasn't even a sidewalk. They were literally parked on my front lawn.
I wound up getting pulled into being a consultant on the Lifetime drama 'For the People.' The executive producer said, 'I want you to write scripts.' We sold pilots to a bunch of different networks.
I'd always wanted to write crime fiction. I loved Nancy Drew.
I think cameras should be in the courtroom, but they need to be managed properly. You need a judge to hold the line.
As I listened to the verdicts in the Casey Anthony case, acquitting her of the homicide of her baby girl, I relived what I felt back when court clerk Deirdre Robertson read the verdicts in the Simpson case. But this case is different. The verdict is far more shocking. Why? Because Casey Anthony was no celebrity.
Jury instructions are so numerous and complex, it's a wonder jurors ever wade through them. And so it should come as no surprise that they can sometimes get stuck along the way. The instruction on circumstantial evidence is confusing even to lawyers. And reasonable doubt? That's the hardest, most elusive one of all.
After the verdict was read in the Simpson case, as the jury was leaving, one of them, I was later told, said, 'We think he probably did it. We just didn't think they proved it beyond a reasonable doubt.'
The prosecution has to go with the evidence and the facts and tell the story as it happened. The defense has more creative freedom. All you have to do is look for a defense that works. But it doesn't have to be the truth. Sometimes you get lucky and it is, but sometimes you don't, and either way, it doesn't matter.
I have been addicted to crime since I was born. I was making up crime stories when I was a 4- or 5-year-old kid.
I kind of like to write fast. It keeps the pacing up. And it keeps me off the streets.
It's one thing to evaluate a woman's work. it's another thing to say, 'Your hair was this; your makeup was that.'
I love Viola Davis.
Trayvon Martin broke my heart.
That's who I was: a prosecutor. I really loved it.
Most people don't go back to trial work after being in management, but I couldn't do anything else.
Too frequently, we see women being pitted against each other.
If you get robbed, no one's going to ask you, 'Well, what were you wearing?'
The only thing the defense has to do is take care of the client and see to it that they attack every weak spot on the prosecution's case. It's up to the judge to make sure that they don't pull any fast ones.
As a lawyer, particularly in criminal law, you really do have to try to tell your story to the jury and hope that the judge makes rulings that allows your story to get through.
I was the only female in the special trials unit for many years.
When I first joined the DA's office, there weren't that many women. So there was a fair degree of sexism. Everybody kind of got over it when they saw you doing your job.
I had the perm because I wanted wash-and-wear hair. I didn't want to be bothered with it.
I made mistakes in every trial.
I remember being called 'feminazi' and all that. I'm so proud of these young women who are coming out and not afraid to say they are feminists.
I'm a big supporter of women doing anything they want to do!
I decided to have a life: to become - pardon the expression - a soccer mom.
