American,Musician
I always go back to old vinyl albums I loved, and that's sort of the aim I had with 'Hero' - just to make it look classic and feel like me, but also timeless in a way.
It's a pipe dream, but for me, I've always wanted a Tesla. I would never have to go to a gas station.
I've written some really good songs that I love hungover because I wasn't overthinking it.
Nashville has become sort of this go-to writing city for every genre.
I love dry British humor. I love to sketch in my off time. I love tequila.
It seems like almost every day I've been able to cross things off my bucket list.
I want to be as gracious and thankful as I can because it has been a long road.
Don't forget to celebrate. When I was first coming up, everything was so serious - we were always rushing to get to the next thing - that we didn't take the time to say, 'Man, look what we did just now.'
To turn the radio on and hear so much more diversity, it's so refreshing. That voice that cuts through what you've been hearing, it's inspiring.
A lot of new artists sign their deal and then go into a development stage for a year or two or sometimes never get out of it. For me, because I had been a working songwriter in town, I had a collection of songs that I was ready to make into an album. At the time, I didn't realize it was becoming an album, but it was.
I love, love songs, but sometimes it's okay to just be young and talk about something other than getting married or falling in love.
A really big thing I've learned - and I think it's so liberating - is when you realize no one knows what they're doing.
I started to see this common theme with the songs that I was writing or co-writing, and it all had this really strong, independent point of view that I had subconsciously been craving from the music scene.
Texas is really special in that we have our own music scene, our own music chart. It's almost a genre on its own. It feels like you can make a great living just touring the state because it's so big, but eventually, I wanted a new challenge.
I'm not trying to dog any artist or genre, but to me, there is a lot of diversity missing from the radio. I miss turning the radio on and getting punched in the soul with a great lyric.
The songwriting community in Nashville really is all about your talent. It's not about your image, and you have to be humble. You have to be kind. You have to have zero ego when you walk into that writing room.
Enjoy every moment because it is so good and just a testament to all the work you've put in.
I'll just drive around if I'm stuck on something or have a case of writer's block.
As a songwriter, I feel like, just for inspiration and research purposes, I have to listen to everything.
As a touring musician over the last 15 years, before streaming and iPods, you had to listen to terrestrial radio wherever you were. That's always been my way of connecting to a location. Turn on the radio, search through the dial.
When you walk off the stage, I think the end point is that you enjoyed yourself. I get to say that almost every time - either I made a few new fans or something resonated.
Every time I've seen Sheryl Crow perform, it's like effortless perfection. She's so relaxed onstage, but she's really locked into the music and having fun. Vocally, I've always looked up to her.
I feel like, genre-wise, the walls are coming down in Nashville. There are so many writers who have moved to town from all walks of life. There's this immense respect for country, but there are pop songwriters, R&B. Nashville has become sort of this go-to writing city for every genre.
If I had been thrown out into a radio tour when I was 18, or 17, and given a record deal, I don't think... it would have been a total nightmare.
I've always had an ear for melodies, and they veer pop. My lyrics are more country - what I love is the storytelling and the structure, how tight the rhymes can be. But pop melodies have always been intrinsically linked to my writing style.
I'm a '90s kid, so I loved 'NSync and the Spice Girls.
I did choir, soccer, some theater. The only weird thing about my life was that I was playing honky-tonks on the weekends.
When it comes to best new artist or album or song of the year, yeah, it's very rare that you see someone in country win one of those. It's a very strong genre, and it's got roots so deep in our culture. I think the pool of voters listen more to pop and R&B and hip-hop. Those seem to be the major contenders.
Fine arts education in public schools is really abysmal. The same emphasis should be put on music, theater, dance - anything creative - that's put on math and science.
I love pop music, I love country music.
As a songwriter, I listen to everything to be inspired... from Rihanna to Bruno Mars to Springsteen to Johnny Cash.
I thought there was a glitch when they told me that in two or three weeks 'My Church' hit a million streams.
I hope there is a place for me in the country landscape, but I'm not too precious about it, either.
I love all types of music, and I think the genre lines are starting to get thinner every year.
I learned to write from different points of view and not just something I would say.
Being the everyman in the writing room helps a lot: you have to be a real collaborator and selfless, and not have ego when you walk in there. That's the antithesis of the artist mentality.
Food is always a favorite on my docket when I go somewhere.
I have a Prius, but I'd love to have a white convertible like Richard Gere's in 'American Gigolo.'
I'm young, but I've been doing this a long time... There's obviously a lot of hard work that goes into it. It's a hard town. There's a lot of talent here. It's all about timing, too. I just feel like I finally found the right town and the right song.
The support I've had from home has made it so much more fun to put music out.
It's hard to say exactly when it all started or what show it was, but I started touring when I was 11. I played all over Dallas and Fort Worth, and eventually I was touring the whole state.
There's not a lot of good content to write about when you're 13 years old, so you just have to kind of fake it.
I wanted to become a better songwriter, so it seemed like a no-brainer to move to Nashville, where some of the best writers in the world live.
I get a lot of my songwriting done while driving around Nashville - sometimes it comes to me that way.
When I was touring in Texas, that was before iPods and Spotify. Driving around through towns, I had to, out of necessity, scroll the radio. Whatever region of the country you are in, that's a great way to find out what they listen to. You find music wherever you are, and that becomes the soundtrack for whatever your road trip is.
I'm a huge country fan and am always inspired by classic country.
