American,Actress
The thing about the wacky fans is that they're really sweet.
You take the cards you're dealt. I'm now ferociously healthy in body and mind. You couldn't pay me to go near a psychiatrist again. Stopping seeing them was my first step to getting well.
If you're gonna fall apart, do it in your own bedroom.
I liked the fact that Lois was one person with Clark and another with Superman. I think that, as women, we do that a lot when we fall in love.
I love horror movies because they're really fun. They tap into those wonderful primal emotions.
I had always thought of Chris as my kid brother and watching how this kid, as I still thought of him, had affected so many people's lives around the world was incredible.
You don't have a lot of time; you have to get it right. It's amazing how they create these episodes in such a short amount of time. They lavish a lot of care and money on each episode, and they just look terrific.
Acting's fun, but life's more important.
Being pretty crazy while being chased by the National Enquirer is not good. The British tabloids were the worst.
Chris was a friend of mine, I loved him. I didn't see him for 18 months before he died, but I'd met him several times after the accident. What was remarkable was his personal growth in his interior life.
Depakote also has a really bad side effect, which is death.
God, George Bush makes me want to slash my wrists. He's so embarrassing I have to leave the room when he's on the news. What a monkey.
Horrifying as it was to crack up in the public eye, it made me look at myself and fix it. People were exploitative; that's human nature.
I don't buy into any of that hogwash. They put that out to sell tickets. It's just a classic horror movie, with the Greek drama formula of good versus evil, and lots of fear.
I don't know who the actresses all are. I've never heard of Kate but I'm sure she'll do fine.
I remember laughing an inordinate amount of time. Setting up scenes that involve ooze coming out basements, or pigs' heads flying through windows is really fun. How could you not laugh?
I think the little girl in Smallville is terrific, but I only watched it once.
I was briefly bitter.
I was in two episodes playing Christopher Reeve's character's emissary. They wanted to have my character announce Dr Swan's death, which I thought was exploitative.
I was very active in the peace movement, still am.
I went to work and did a lot of homework about what was wrong with me.
I'd had episodes before, but I swept them under the carpet. This time, I couldn't do that because everyone knew. I got on with the hard work of getting better and haven't had a blip in almost 10 years.
I'm a grandmother with dogs and nice friends here in the Rocky mountains. Ever see the movie A River Runs Through It? That's where I live. It's beautiful, no two ways about it.
I'm a very good screamer, that's for sure.
I'm an old cynic.
It was a wonderful time to be young. The 1960s didn't end until about 1976. We all believed in Make Love, Not War. We were idealistic innocents, despite the drugs and sex.
