American,Actress
There's an easygoing nature that comes with a perspective of things that aren't as important as we make them sometimes.
You were up at 5 o'clock in the morning, and then you'd ride in a caravan, because we didn't have big movie trucks or trailers that is the hardware of a movie camp.
You definitely want to do the little films. They're always going to be harder, but you don't do them to make money. You do them so you can see what you can make with the research that you have.
We started out as far to the left as we could.
We had two cameras, so they could turn it on and shoot as much as we wanted. You don't have to worry about wasting money on film. A lot more takes are possible.
We had a script that was really solid and we knew how we were going to shoot and how the energy of it was going to go. So it gave us a lot of freedom to use the camera as a character.
Tough love - I'm kind of weary of that. I don't think it's so effective.
The sun would come up over the ocean, and we'd be eating scrambled eggs before we shot some stuff. It was a vacation in the sense that it was the best working conditions.
The story follows the whole family. But pretty much all the characters who are in jail have written a book about it, so you've got their perspective of it, however skewed they want you to see it.
The big companies are like, It's so good but we don't know how to market it.
Parents are your teachers until a certain point, and if they don't give you love, you'll go somewhere else to find it.
Miramax can buy a small independent movie that isn't very good, but because it has great relationships with different theaters, it can get into a big theater.
It's hard to make something collaboratively. That's the challenge. Sometimes you're successful.
In a lot of formats, you can be really experimental and see what would happen.
I'm most interested in working and learning from different people and telling good stories.
I'm more of like a recreational surfer, not a consist surfer. Some people get out every week or every day.
I'm doing my work in an environment that's ultimately about dollars and cents.
I was put on a surfboard by a cute boyfriend in high school.
I love vampire movies. I think they are sexy.
I like working in any medium. Who's making it? How much do I like the story? Does it contribute something?
I keep every script from every film that I ever made because it's like a workbook of that time in my life.
I got to work with Gene Hackman for six weeks, side by side, 12 hours a day.
I didn't need clothes. I was allowed the opportunity to act out moments you don't get the opportunity to experience in your own life, let alone as a character in a film. I didn't feel naked.
High school, you don't want to go back and do it over again.
Every single day of making a movie is going to bring new problems.
