American,Comedian
To start telling people that you're beautiful, or just feel beautiful, just start acting like you are the most beautiful woman in the world. And it really improves everything! Because your sort of psyche responds to it - like this is truthful!
Try to love someone who you want to hate, because they are just like you, somewhere inside, in a way you may never expect, in a way that resounds so deeply within you that you cannot believe it.
I punished myself and avoided my reflection in mirrors and any windows. I would see myself reflected back, and I would look away, trying to pretend I didn't exist, because I hated myself so much.
I love drugs, but I hate hangovers, and the hatred of the hangover wins by a landslide every time.
Sometimes the only way to deal with horrific things in life is through a dark sense of humor.
Ugly. Is irrelevant. It is an immeasurable insult to a woman, and then supposedly the worst crime you can commit as a woman. But ugly, as beautiful, is an illusion.
The incognito of lower class employment is an effective cloak for any dagger one might wish to hide.
I didn't appreciate the young woman that I was, or my young beauty, because I was so obsessed with the fact that I felt fat. It's never good to add to anybody else's suffering. It's an important topic to really get the gravity and the importance of - dealing with dignity.
People drain me, even the closest of friends, and I find loneliness to be the best state in the union to live in.
I thought I was so ugly for so long, and I wasted so much of my life on this dumb notion.
In America, I'm a foreigner because of my Korean heritage. In Asia, because I was born in America, I'm a foreigner. I'm always a foreigner.
The power of visibility can never be underestimated.
To me, marriage is really important and what we build families on. That's why gay marriage is really important.
I have learned to love that which is meant to harm me, so that I can stand in the way of those who are less strong. I can take the bullets for those who aren't able to.
Comedy was all I ever wanted.
I'm lucky that I have good genetics. Like you said, it just gets better as I get older.
Being called ugly and fat and disgusting to look at from the time I could barely understand what the words meant has scarred me so deep inside that I have learned to hunt, stalk, claim, own and defend my own loveliness.
Try to put your happiness before anyone else's, because you may never have done so in your entire life, if you really think about it, if you are really honest with yourself.
Maybe I wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart.
Love is the big booming beat which covers up the noise of hate.
Sometimes when we are generous in small, barely detectable ways it can change someone else's life forever.
My boyfriend and I live together, which means we don't have sex - ever. Now that the milk is free, we've both become lactose intolerant.
Privacy and security are those things you give up when you show the world what makes you extraordinary.
Politics has less to do with where you live than where your heart is.
Thankfully, beauty is easier to remove than apply, and a swipe of demaquillage in the right direction and you are you once again.
Some people are that - more than a parent, more than a role model, more than anything less than a religion.
Grow up and let anyone try to contend with the adult you.
Comedy was the key to everything. I grew up fast and controlled my future by bringing it on faster than it naturally unfolded. I cheated myself out of a childhood but then got a running headstart into adulthood that no one else could keep up with.
We women are constantly at war with our bodies, it is hard to find amnesty for ourselves.
I think that all bodies are beautiful in millions of different ways but I get down on myself too!
Since I became a dancer, I have felt much better about myself.
I think the best way to get over your body issues is to just flaunt your body at every opportunity.
Babies got it going on!
I think it is time for all babies to let us know who they want for president.
Usually, if you smile at them and show some interest in the toy, they will give it to you. That's a straight up Democrat move!
You don't become a Republican until you lose all your baby teeth and fall down a lot and get the croup and then become angry and bitter.
I have 3 dogs myself - I actually have a kennel license in order to do so. I love them so much I couldn't imagine my life without them.
I love animals.
The newest victims of the nation's foreclosure crisis are pets, which is extremely distressing to me.
I think it is really sad that when people lose their homes they kind of lose their minds too.
I am a big 'Ellen' fan. I have been one for quite a long time now. I used to do the local news talk shows with her in San Francisco, when we were both still kids.
My life is anything but typical.
My parents are very funny when they have to deal with anything racy or off-color. They usually pretend they don't speak English.
It's important to feel beautiful; it's political to feel beautiful.
It's good to be able to laugh at yourself and the problems you face in life. Sense of humor can save you.
I am star-struck but also I've known a lot of people for a long time. Like I'm super star-struck by Grant Lee Phillips and Jon Brion but I've known them for 17 years. So it's kinda like weird to be star-struck still, but I still am!
Interventions are really emotionally exhausting and I would never ever want to have one. In the same way, I would never want to have a surprise birthday party. That would be horrible.
I mean, what's great about touring is that's what you do. You're in a constant state of motion and then you stop to do a show and you move onto the next city. All you have to do is do the show. That's the only responsibility that you have.
I have permanent damage to my body because I wanted to be thin.
I don't have children, and I am not sure if I have wanted them or never wanted them. It's weird not to be able to decide.
Korean children get a lot of fuss made over them, I guess because life was tough in the old country, and it was a big deal if you survived. There's a big party thrown when you are 100 days old, followed by another when you make it to one whole year.
My mother goes crazy over babies. Some people just do. They love 'em! I never have. Babies scare me more than anything. They're tiny and fragile and impressionable - and someone else's! As much as I hate borrowing stuff, that is how much I hate holding other people's babies. It's too much responsibility.
When it comes to children, my mom doesn't believe in borders. She loves all children, and that's a good example of mothering the world. I need to do that, but before I can, I need to get over my fear of kids in the first place.
I always felt like an outsider growing up. In school, I felt like I never fit in. But it didn't help when my mother, instead of buying me glue for school projects, would tell me to just use rice.
I'm always surprised when I get recognized.
I was raised to be self-conscious about weight. Then as I got older and started doing television, it became a career issue, like, 'You have to lose weight or you'll lose that job.'
I am in love with Counting Crows. It is so manly and American.
I have a box of awards in the closet. I think it is weird to put them out. I might if I had an Emmy or Oscar, but I don't.
My history in show business spans over a quarter of a century, and I have seen many people in the industry struggle with coming out, only to find much more success after they finally did.
If public figures came out of the closet, then the LGBT kids who saw them on TV would feel safe before they even knew why they felt dangerous. Maybe if enough people came out of the closet, gay kids would never feel dangerous. Maybe we could have a world where we could all just live. We may not all agree, but why can't we just all live?
The stuff I do and say onstage I can do easily. As a performer, that comes easily. But being social offstage, it's not easy for me.
I'm not a mom, but I think the word 'mother' is about wisdom.
I grew up a witness to gay politics in its early days. I remember seeing Harvey Milk and been moved by him.
I don't really know what 'selling out' is exactly. I would sell out if I could, but nobody's buying it. I would love to go mainstream, but my comedy is too edgy. It's always too dirty. It's always too filthy. I'm dying to sell out. But I love doing comedy, I love touring, and I think I would do everything for free.
My parents never really had that much money, so I kind of live in the same world that they do.
I'm super-obsessed with 'Intervention.' I wrote a song about it.
For women in my family, in Korean culture, women are really valued in their youth, and then when they get older, it's like they almost become irrelevant.
In the early '90s, there was such a limited idea of what you could see on TV.
Tattooing is my social life, too, so most of my time is taken up with that. People like Henry Lewis, Mike Davis at Everlasting Tattoo.
The best tattooists are in San Francisco, and they're kind of like my family now. I'm always excited to come back to San Francisco.
I do love the road, because for me, the road is very comfortable, and it's very much what I've always wanted to do. It's one of the most appealing things about comedy for me, so I do really have an affection for it.
I went to a performance-art high school, and a teacher there was signing me up for open-mic nights at the comedy club. I think about it now, and I think, 'Well, that may be inappropriate,' but it was great!'
One place that I really feel comfortable is being a comedienne. I'm very socially inept. There's so many things that I can not do in life, and this is, like, the one thing that I have mastery over. It's my world. And anybody who's coming to the show, it's like they're coming because they know that this is my world.
