American,Author
We love what we love, and shared fandoms bring people of all ages and backgrounds into one great tribe.
We wanted to celebrate the 'Dangerous Deception' release by letting everyone experience the thrill of sharing a book with a reader who wouldn't otherwise have one.
I'm up at dawn. I practically fall asleep at dinner.
I grew up sitting in my closet waiting to go Narnia.
I worked in videogames for 16 years before writing my first book in 2009.
The privilege, and the challenges, of taking on Black Widow have never been lost on me. I worked on the first 'Spiderman' game as well as 'Fantastic Four,' and I had always wanted to be able to tell more of a character-driven comic book story than was possible to fit into a game narrative.
I worked as a writer, lead designer, and creative director in the game industry.
Writing is the easy part. The 'getting it right' part is harder.
My solo novel 'Icons' was optioned by Alcon Entertainment, the folks who made the 'Beautiful Creatures' movie, and that's gotten as far as a script, but no news yet.
I like to make an outline or cards and then utterly ignore them.
At heart, I would have to say I'm a pantser. I fully embrace the chaos of letting the unintended happen, on life and on the page.
The Lowcountry traditionally is a logical place where the big ships stopped and brought new things in from the ocean, and the islands have a mystical tradition. It is such a visual place, too, with these iconic villages with the Spanish moss and the village and historical homes and the coast.
It's a fallacy that people think that today's teenagers are shallow or somehow less intelligent than in the past.
Alden Ehrenreich is a drama nerd, and Alice Englert is indie girl. They're so cool in the way that our characters are cool.
If you look at 'Doctor Who,' it's a Time Lord in a blue box who travels around the universe. It's a silly concept, but it's one of the most brilliant, emotional experiences because it's sort of about what is humanity.
When you're writing about superpowers, you're writing about power. When you're writing about immortals, you're writing about mortality.
We kept my middle schooler home from school for three days before we turned in our final draft because she was so mean and so brutal at editing out all the cheesy bits. She would roll her eyes and make fun of us, and it was what we needed.
You better have your story down before you take it to a teenager.
I was an obsessive fantasy reader from the time I could read at all.
I was very shy - I didn't speak to anyone outside of my family until the fourth grade.
I was the person who stayed awake reading by the nightlight until the scary shadows made me crazy.
Anyone who says that writing for children or teens is easier than writing for adults has never tried it, because they are so much more critical than adults. You cannot get anything past them.
I think, to give our bookshelf a little credit, our area of the library and the bookstore has attracted stronger writers as it's started to thrive.
It's like how science fiction in the '50s was a way of talking about war without actually having to risk any political capital. The obvious metaphor is power and powerlessness, but I also think it's a way of experimenting with dangerous feelings in a safe arena and trying things out.
Sometimes people who sell books are seen as corporate salesmen, and people who sell reading are seen as literacy advocates, but you can't really separate the two.
You need books to read and readers for books.
