American,Activist
Education is for improving the lives of others and for leaving your community and world better than you found it.
No person has the right to rain on your dreams.
You just need to be a flea against injustice. Enough committed fleas biting strategically can make even the biggest dog uncomfortable and transform even the biggest nation.
We must not, in trying to think about how we can make a big difference, ignore the small daily differences we can make which, over time, add up to big differences that we often cannot foresee.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
Family and moral values are so central to everything that I am.
Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.
Hunger and malnutrition have devastating consequences for children and have been linked to low birth weight and birth defects, obesity, mental and physical health problems, and poorer educational outcomes.
Learn to be quiet enough to hear the genuine within yourself so that you can hear it in others.
Don't feel entitled to anything you didn't sweat and struggle for.
Parents have become so convinced that educators know what is best for their children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts.
The future which we hold in trust for our own children will be shaped by our fairness to other people's children.
So much of the deep lingering sadness over President Kennedy's assassination is about the unfinished promise: unspoken speeches, unfulfilled hopes, the wondering about what might have been.
The Declaration of Independence was always our vision of who we wanted to be, our ideal of freedom and justice, how we were going to be different, and what the American experiment was going to be about.
The challenge of social justice is to evoke a sense of community that we need to make our nation a better place, just as we make it a safer place.
If you don't like the way the world is, you change it. You have an obligation to change it. You just do it one step at a time.
Education is a precondition to survival in America today.
If we don't stand up for children, then we don't stand for much.
No one, Eleanor Roosevelt said, can make you feel inferior without your consent. Never give it.
A lot of people are waiting for Martin Luther King or Mahatma Gandhi to come back - but they are gone. We are it. It is up to us. It is up to you.
To all those mothers and fathers who are struggling with teen-agers, I say, just be patient: even though it looks like you can't do anything right for a number of years, parents become popular again when kids reach 20.
Remember and help America remember that the fellowship of human beings is more important than the fellowship of race and class and gender in a democratic society.
Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree.
Unless children have strong education and strong families and strong communities and decent housing, it's not enough to go sit in at a lunch counter.
I feel very lucky to have grown up having interaction with adults who were making change but who were far from perfect beings. That feeling of not being paralyzed by your incredible inadequacy as a human being, which I feel every day, is a part of the legacy that I've gotten from so many of the adult elders.
We do not have a money problem in America. We have a values and priorities problem.
If things are too easy, life is a whole lot less interesting.
We have the capacity to make sure that every mother has pre-natal care. Yet, we don't do it. What is it about America? It says we don't value children and families. We are hypocrites.
I worry about the kids who have too much. As a parent living in a so-called good neighborhood with children who went to private high school, I found myself spending much time in parent groups worrying about alcohol, unsupervised parties, and parents not being parents.
I grew up in a very religious family and it is the motivating force to every thing I do. I am fortunate to have had adults all around me who really lived their faith, in helping other people and doing the best you can do.
Our true remembrance to President Kennedy is in our actions to honor the unspoken words and finish the unfinished work today and tomorrow and for as long as it takes.
I need to work outside government, on my own.
I've always hated being hemmed in or seeing anybody being hemmed in. Even when I was the smallest child, I couldn't bear being told I couldn't drink at a so-called white drinking fountain.
I never thought I was breaking a glass ceiling. I just had to do what I had to do, and it never occurred to me not to.
I hadn't planned on going to law school. I wanted to study 19th-century Russian literature.
