American,Politician
In my years of public service at both the federal and state levels, I have had the privilege of representing most of the communities that make up Congressional District 21, including Hialeah, Westchester, Doral, Kendall, Miami Lakes, Hialeah Gardens, Medley and Palmetto Bay.
Mitt Romney, you can criticize him for a lot of things, and that's fair, but he knows how the economy works.
So, President Obama wants to change America. I understand that. We don't need to change America. We need to change the White House. We need to change the leadership in the White House.
President Obama's health care law raided Medicare in the tune of five hundred million dollars to create a new program.
Millions of Americans are either underemployed or unemployed.
You know, I think Marco Rubio would be a spectacular candidate for vice president. I think he would energize the country. I think he has a great story. He's bright. He's articulate.
Governor Romney is a real hardliner on illegal immigration.
Immigration comes up, but the issue that is on everybody's mind is the economy.
I've always supported the DREAM Act. I'm a co-sponsor of the DREAM Act.
Even illegals are not coming into the United States now because they can't find jobs. It's how desperate the job situation is in the United States.
Immigration is a sensitive topic.
The only poll obviously that matters is the last one, the one that's counted after all the votes are cast.
Hispanic children now make the largest group of children in poverty.
The policies on the Republican side have been much better for Hispanics, for minorities, but the rhetoric, unfortunately, has not.
The Hispanic community values entrepreneurship and family-owned businesses, and we deserve a leader in Washington who is dedicated to creating an environment where our values, our goals and our dreams of prosperity can become reality.
I send messages to the White House continuously.
I will leave the U.S. Congress when the term for which I was elected expires in January 2011 and return to the practice of law with a sense of duty fulfilled.
The best thing I can make is a peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich.
