American,Model
Smiling makes you and others feel better, and it makes you look younger.
I don't do a lot of looking back; I tend to look ahead.
I love to lounge, and I particularly love to eat outdoors. It's a throwback to my childhood in Hawaii. I have memories of coming out of the sea and eating corn chips with a strawberry vanilla slush.
As the years go by, you get to know yourself better and learn what works for you.
I can't stand small babies. I would rather give birth to a kitten or a colt... a little pony.
My sister Naomi and I always wanted to go to Tahiti. We planned a fantastic holiday to visit several islands, but at the last moment, Naomi cancelled. It was the first time I'd holidayed alone, and it was absolutely the best.
Cheating is never to do with how attractive you are.
I like naughty boys. I was married to David Bailey, who was one of the naughtiest. I like real men, and I like masculinity.
I was addicted to 'The Monkees' TV programme - not so much because of the music but because of the commercials in between. The programme was sponsored by Yardley, and in the commercial breaks, there would be these English girls on roller skates, wearing hot pants, and I just thought, 'God! How neat!'
I have nothing against cosmetic procedures, but I don't want my face lasered. Also, people are naive about how much you can do with make-up and lighting, and I've learned from the best.
The two times I have cut my hair shorter, I've ended up out of work - so short hair is not an option.
My favourite scent... changes every day. I have a cupboard full - so many I can't begin to tell you.
People were endlessly trying to set me up with 'eligible' men, and I enjoyed going on a galaxy of dates.
To be honest, the reason I have my cats is to force myself to think about something other than myself.
I definitely think men prefer women more undone and natural than butch and masculine. They prefer a fresher, sexier, more feminine look.
I love fashion, but I don't really do shopping.
I've been lucky: my Japanese genes - from my mother's side - and a lifelong moisturising routine have helped keep me looking good.
I loved Le Taha'a private resort in Tahiti. It's accessible only by private boat or helicopter, and it sits on a tiny strip of land just big enough for one hotel. It's extraordinary and faces the Vanilla Island where Tahitians grow vanilla.
For most of us, no matter how slim, middle-aged spread really does set in, and your waist thickens, irrespective of whether you've had children or if you exercise regularly.
Fresh seafood reminds me of Hawaii and eating raw ahi fish on the beach with a little soy sauce - instant sashimi.
I'm interested only in buying land in my native Hawaii so that one day I can live there and have the space to rescue animals.
We don't do funerals in my family.
I was brought up by parents who embraced the 1960s and taught me that being faithful isn't the be-all and end-all.
I have sun damage. I cover it up with make-up.
I go to the gym four times a week for 45 minutes to an hour without fail; I like using weights for muscle tone and the bike and rower for my heart rate. I do quite a lot of floor exercises.
I lead a very disciplined life.
Surgery is not going to improve your skin - all it's going to do is make you look tighter, like Joan Rivers!
I'm well trained. The only reason I am this slim is that I have to fit into the clothes. The samples are size 8, and I am naturally a size 10 to 12. I have been on a diet for my entire life.
I don't see myself as the next Carmen Dell'Orefice. I'd rather be fat and happy, sitting on a beach in Hawaii eating pizza.
I've never met a size zero person. Is Paris Hilton a size zero? I've met her. She looked very thin, but she looked very healthy. She had beautiful skin.
There are loads of women that don't want children. What does it matter? I'm still a woman.
I don't particularly like children. That sounds awful, but I have nothing to say to them.
My livelihood depends on my surface beauty, but when I wash my face, I see a real person there.
I'm known for my big hair and curls.
Sixties models knew nothing about skin care.
When you live with a photographer, you never have a day off - it was a nightmare.
I'm not bothered about clothes. Never have been.
I'm not a pretty-boy kind of a girl; the Brad Pitts don't do anything for me.
Men are intimidated by me: I very rarely get asked out.
I genuinely have to work - I don't have enough money not to. But the last thing I would want is to be looked after.
When you're a model, you learn how to make the most of your assets - in my case, the smallish behind that is the legacy of my half-Japanese heritage.
As a girl, I lived in jeans, and my love-affair with them continues. Since I turned 50, jeans have become something of a uniform, whether it's a slouchy boyfriend fit for daytime or a leaner, fitted jean in a darker denim for evening.
A lot of women lose definition around their waist as they get older, which can mean their bottom half can look shapeless.
A secret control slip is a wonderful invention. It sculpts and lifts the bum and smooths the hips.
I don't have any children, but I can leave my land to an animal sanctuary. That is what I dream about, not bags, not shoes.
I always wear the same thing: a tight white shirt - I have about 50 - and tight black trousers.
The fact is, after a certain age, high heels can feel as painful as someone sticking hot pins into the soles of your feet.
When I do wear heels, I prefer to only wear them to dinner, where I'll be sitting down most of the time.
For me, my 50s was the decade when my tolerance for heels faded. I'm in good shape and, at 8 st. 3 lb., I'm still the same weight I was in my 30s, but as you get older, the weight of your body shifts somehow.
I've slipped enough times over the years to know the peril of a too-smooth sole, so every time I buy a new pair, I take a pair of scissors or a piece of sandpaper to the bottoms to roughen them up. In my catwalk days, I even used to spit on the soles of shoes before I ventured down the runway.
My life has been charmed in the sense that I've met some extraordinary people. But at the end of the day, when you go home and you go to bed, and if you're on your own, you never think of yourself in that way. I'm sure not even people like Angelina Jolie think like that.
I try to be as positive as I can because I truly believe I am my feelings, and if I'm sad, if I have regrets, they will show up as illnesses, they will show up as cancers... I don't want that.
When you've been touched by sadness and grief, it makes you vulnerable. And because I am vulnerable, I try to be positive. And when I say 'try,' I really do mean try, because it's an effort.
I had a very spoilt childhood. Not that my family were incredibly wealthy, but we lived on the beautiful island of Hawaii where everything was lush and in abundance.
When I began modelling in my late teens, I started to earn a lot of money very, very quickly, but I'd never been shown how to manage it properly.
Myself and my two younger sisters and brother were paid for any chores, whether it was washing pop's car, sweeping the lawn or picking mangoes.
I lost all my investments after everything crashed in 2001. Prior to that, I'd been living off the interest on my investments, which was very healthy because it allowed frequent travel, and I had a lovely apartment.
We are constantly driven to believe that women should look a set age or be a certain body size, which is fuelling an obsession with ever more dramatic and invasive steps.
Most English people are horrified that I use soap, but I like it - it works for my skin. I try different soaps all the time, but I use very mild ones.
If I'm not in work, I don't wear any make-up.
I grew up in neighbouring Hawaii, where Tahiti is regarded as a brother.
If I'm on holiday, I travel light, but if it is a work trip, I take everything but the kitchen sink.
There are lots of things I would love to wear but wouldn't because I know they look stupid on me.
When you get older, your skin tone changes; your hair probably changes colour, whether you dye it or not, and you just can't wear the colours you used to like anymore.
My fashion icons are Audrey Hepburn, Grace Kelly and Ava Gardner. Their classic looks and clean lines should be the cornerstones of your wardrobe - white cotton shirts, black Capri pants, pencil skirts and ballerina skirts.
I'm not keen on the English way of eating outside, on the street. I want food that is clean, not impregnated with toxic fumes.
Although I eat healthily, I do enjoy a greasy fry-up, but usually only once a year. I've also got a big Kit-Kat addiction and buy them in bulk.
When I see images of a girl who is obviously far too thin, I am just as shocked as anyone else.
For modern fashion designers, bones are beautiful. I don't know why, but so many people are obsessed with the skeletal look.
I lost count of how many times photographers and designers would tell me to lose a bit of weight, especially as I got a little older and my body started to develop.
The average British woman is a size 12 to 14, but in modelling, a size 12 is considered huge, which is ridiculous.
I'm spoilt. I like my own space. I don't even own a microwave, and men don't like that. They want to be looked after.
