American,Actress
Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are the keys to stress management, which is perhaps the most important ingredient to living a happy, healthy and rewarding life.
Stress is an important dragon to slay - or at least tame - in your life.
Like it or not, the world evolves, priorities change and so do you.
However, don't let perfectionism become an excuse for never getting started.
Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.
Research has shown that even small amounts of processed food alter the chemical balance in our brain and cause negative mood swings along with noticeable dips ill energy.
Feeling a little blue in January is normal.
We're always bombarded with images from magazines of what looks cool and sexy.
If I'm right in the middle of a deadline, I'm up really early.
Silence and solitude are more distracting to me than chatter and commotion.
I'm a girl who loves to share information, especially empowering, life-changing, information.
Resolutions are popular because everyone feels they could use a little improvement.
Babies act out when they're hungry, cold, tired. They do this for survival.
Because I work with so many people on the east coast, I get some work done before I get the kids up.
Everyone thrives most in his or her own unique environment.
Foods high in bad fats, sugar and chemicals are directly linked to many negative emotions, whereas whole, natural foods rich in nutrients - foods such as fruits, vegetables, grains and legumes - contribute to greater energy and positive emotions.
Healthful whole foods improve our brain function as well.
I also think stress is related to control. When you're in charge of your life, you tend to not care about losing control of things that don't really matter like traffic jams.
I always say centered food equals centered behavior.
I definitely enjoy being in front of people which gives me that exciting immediate rush.
I eat all of the time... at least five little meals a day.
I like getting up early. I get up around five.
I love the producer, Joel Rice. We worked together years ago putting a project together.
I play the unsinkable Molly Brown, which is where she got her name from, because she survived.
I took anatomy classes. I went to medical libraries and talked to doctors and nutritionists. I did the whole thing before using myself as a human guinea pig.
I totally changed my life, changed my lifestyle.
