American,Artist
When Photoshop came around, I thought I'd died and went to heaven. When I hear artists say, 'Oh, the good old days' or 'I'm old school,' I just want to puke. There's no tool I won't use.
My entire philosophy of teaching is based on the notion that when an artist finds a certain process really effortless, that's probably what he or she should choose to do. So often, students take the opposite tack; they have no use for the skills that come easily to them.
All my work is about how it feels to look.
I take things that already exist and just push them.
I think there's still this huge glass ceiling for women owning sexuality. And especially young women. If you're an old lady like me, I can do anything now.
Planned Parenthood is being mentioned by the Republican Party more than ISIS. I think Trump is insane. I don't think you could have a normal conversation or even convince him. I think the ego is just about Trump. It's not about the issues at all.
Feminism is the best movement that's happened in the 21st century, and it benefits everyone.
I still don't feel like I've made it. I can't imagine ever feeling like I've made it.
I love the idea of making images of the parts of the body that we all have but that no one pays attention to, like the soft area underneath your nose.
I am an illusionist. That's why I create art.
I like working with women who own their own power.
We can't shame women for trying to be beautiful. That's so mean and unfair. But there's a part of me that thinks it's really sad, too. It's very complicated.
I think I might be hitting the zeitgeist. All around you, you're looking at beautiful people that have been turned into robots. Maybe the eye is craving a little upper lip fur.
When I see an artist whose work I like at a party - I'm old now, so I can do this - I go right over and tell them how much I like their work. Instantly, I'm on their side. The act of saying it takes away the competition. The act of saying it makes me not hate them anymore, because they're good.
I feed off the fashion world like a parasite.
Success can be destructive to the creative process. I say it all the time: success is as dangerous as total failure.
People of my generation are used to collecting the heroic boys. And they're used to paying a lot of money for heroic boys. I don't make a third of what a guy would make.
The thrill of a photo-realist painter is if you get really close to the painting, it looks just like a photograph. Whereas in my case, if you get close to my paintings, they totally fall apart - so I'm about as far from a photo-realist as it gets.
I always knew I had something to say even when nobody else wanted to listen.
I sort of feel like if you're slightly marginalized, you're hungrier, and you can take more risks and be more playful.
I really believe that women run the art world.
I'm an animal-rights person, actually. Big time.
I meditate. Just counting my breath. Before I do anything, really.
I'm a voracious reader. I want information, all kinds - Internet, books, magazines.
My work is about the world I live in. So, I sort of make a picture of my life or our lives. I'm always looking for something that is overlooked, so I need to constantly be aware of what's going on.
I always say, 'Perfection is the flaw. It doesn't exist.' I saw something somewhere about 'porcelain pores' - you're not even allowed to have pores anymore!
