American,Musician
You can do everything you can to try to stop bad things from happening to you, but eventually things will happen, so the best prevention is a positive attitude.
You need to be able to manage stress because hard times will come, and a positive outlook is what gets you through.
The good Lord made us all out of iron. Then he turns up the heat to forge some of us into steel.
You are in the back of your head somewhere and you want to close your eyes and go away.
Being of service to others is what brings true happiness.
That's what it is to be a grandma. All fun and no stress.
This is a serious, serious condition that is also called postpartum psychosis. And that's where, literally, you get so bad that you end up either hurting the baby or killing yourself.
I have great faith in God. Without faith, I don't know how I would have been able to get through what I've been through.
I don't claim to know everything. I claim to be a seeker of knowledge.
If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now.
I did a book signing when we were in New York the day before yesterday. A lady came through and she was just weeping, and said, 'I wish this would have been brought out sooner, my sister is in prison for suffocating her child.'
I didn't know my mother had it. I think a lot of women don't know their mothers had it; that's the sad thing about depression. You know, you don't function anymore. You shut down. You feel like you are in a void.
I found for me that my safe place was work. I could control my environment. I became very fastidious and detailed, and wanted things a certain way.
I lost boundaries as a child that I didn't even realize it and it wasn't talked about back then. You know, it was something you just buried and dealt with, and moved forward. What could you do about it?
Little things in my past that I really thought were over and done with were still elements of the puzzle that weren't pieced together, and so she helped me do that.
So, babies are taken from their mothers because they get temporarily insane and it's not the mother's fault. This is the thing: they shouldn't feel ashamed. They didn't cause this. It is not something they did to themselves.
The other thing is that doctors test only the most common estrogen level. There are three kinds of estrogen in a woman but they don't test the other two because they are so rare; mine was the third kind of estrogen.
There are some great questions to ask your doctor. If he says 'no,' then you find yourself a different doctor. There really has to be a change in how we medically look at women at this time. I mean, this is not just baby gloom.
This is a physical thing that is fixable. I know, I'm a survivor. Believe me, there was no way I thought I could survive. There are answers out there that need to be found.
We know well and we know chronically ill, but there is a whole bunch of gray in between where I think we can heal people before they become chronically sick. I believe our thoughts make us sick.
What basically happens is your hormones get out of whack. Because of the stress in your life your body says, 'I need more hormones.' So, your hormones are trying to produce and produce and produce, and it's even more stressful and it is this wicked cycle.
You just need to be honest with how you're feeling. But, a lot of women are afraid of it because they think, 'Oh, they are going to take my baby away. They're gonna call me incompetent. I'm going to lose my job. I've got to be tough, it's a man's world.'
You know, you don't work 30 something years in this business without knowing how to push yourself. So, I just kept pushing myself and pushing myself. The other thing that happens is when your hormones get out of whack your emotions come up.
When you have a baby, love is automatic, when you get married, love is earned.
I wish my parents could have raised every man out there.
I never had a sister growing up. Donny was the closest thing.
