American,Musician
I miss the experience of walking into a record store and find old stuff without expecting to.
I've learned some of the greatest life lessons from growing up in the skate and punk rock communities.
Antarctica is otherworldly, like nothing I've ever seen before. Stark, cold, beautiful desolation.
If we tried to write about politics, you'd realize that we're all a bunch of idiots.
Thank God I never got in a fight. All of the jock dudes hated me, but all of their girlfriends thought I was nice so they wouldn't touch me. It was infuriating to them.
Once you declare your loyalty to a team, every person who doesn't support that team, it's their job to ruin you, to tell you you're an idiot and to tell you that you made the wrong choice.
We just kind of did our own thing and got made fun of by the popular kids. It was kind of like a badge of honor to be an outcast.
My parents were pretty lenient with me. But, they gave me morality while I was growing up. They taught me the difference between right and wrong.
I dated the same girl all through high school.
I don't think of them as teenage songs. The things that happen to you in high school are the same things that happen your entire life. You can fall in love at 60; you can get rejected at 80.
From a very early age, my wife and I told our son that there are times and places for everything. I told him, look, when you're in class, you have to be quiet and listen to your teacher, but when you go out to the playground, you can scream and be silly.
All I can hope to do is instill great morality in my son and trust him along the way. The music he listens to or how he chooses to wear his hair doesn't define his moral compass, and if he wants to listen to country music and wear a cowboy hat too, that's fine.
Mom's dad was in the army, stormed the beach at Normandy, fought through the French hedgerows, the Battle of the Ardennes, the Battle of the Bulge, and liberated concentration camps at the end of the war.
I never thought of punk rock as the absolute act of rebellion for the sake of rebellion. There's a lot of that in there, but for me I think punk rock was always about questioning things and making decisions for yourself, which is a great message to pass on to your kids.
All the really pretty girls get pregnant.
The naked thing was short-lived. It was only around for about six months because we thought it was shocking. Once people expected us to do it we kind of never did it again.
We're really good friends and we hang out. It's like I get to hang out with my friends and get paid for it.
Parents don't understand kids and kids don't understand parents. My parents were divorced when I was really young and I went to live with my dad.
The thing you realize as you get older is that parents don't know what the Hell they're doing and neither will you when you get to be a parent.
Everything in high school seems like the most important thing that's ever happened in your life. It's not. You'll get out of high school and you never see those people again. All the people who torment and press you won't make a difference in your life in the long haul.
Screw them. Yeah. But not literally. I'm not advocating promiscuity.
I did mostly good things, except light things on fire.
I lived in small town out in the desert and my friend used to steal his mom's car in the middle of the night. He'd drive over to my house, I'd sneak out and we'd go out to the desert and just burn things down.
It totally ruins my voice. I quit smoking, drinking, and doing ecstasy.
If at first you don't succeed, pay someone else to do it for you.
Make yourself look really stupid so you don't feel bad doing something a little stupid.
