American,Author
Don't get me wrong, I admire elegance and have an appreciation of the finer things in life. But to me, beauty lies in simplicity.
The power of community to create health is far greater than any physician, clinic or hospital.
While weight loss is important, what's more important is the quality of food you put in your body - food is information that quickly changes your metabolism and genes.
In the 21st century our tastes buds, our brain chemistry, our biochemistry, our hormones and our kitchens have been hijacked by the food industry.
Seems you can't outsmart Mother Nature.
Children with obesity and diabetes live harder poorer lives, they often don't finish school and earn much less than their healthy counterparts.
The food industry profits from providing poor quality foods with poor nutritional value that people eat a lot of.
Nutrients are not drugs and they can't be studied as drugs. They are part of a biological system where all nutrients work as a team to support your biochemical processes.
Part of my training was learning how to refer patients to cardiologists for heart problems, gastroenterologists for stomach issues, and rheumatologists for joint pain. Given that most physicians were trained this way, it's no wonder that the average Medicare patient has six doctors and is on five different medications.
One in four kids have either pre-diabetes or diabetes - what I like to call diabesity. How did this happen?
You can't exercise your way out of a bad diet.
It is just physics - who can argue with Newton and the first law of thermodynamics?
Most schools have only a microwave or deep fryer, hardly the tools needed to feed our children real, fresh food.
When it becomes a revolutionary act to eat real food, we are in trouble.
Our typical Western diet is full of inflammatory fats - saturated fats, trans fats, too many omega-6, inflammatory, processed vegetable oils like soy and corn oils. These increase IGF-1 and stimulate pimple follicles.
While pimples are not as simple as too much milk or sugar in your diet, both have a significant impact. Nutritional deficiencies as well as excesses can worsen acne.
Lifestyle change and changes in diet work faster, better and more cheaply than any medication and are as effective or more effective than gastric bypass without any side effects or long-term complications.
If you want to get healthy, you just might not want to go to a doctor. You might instead, go to church.
You are more likely to be overweight if your friend's, friend's friend is overweight than if your parents are overweight.
Your social networks may matter more than your genetic networks. But if your friends have healthy habits you are more likely to as well. So get healthy friends.
I have experienced some amazing food! Yet when I think about the most luxurious and exquisite meals I have had, visions of simple food made from a few natural ingredients are what most excite me.
I don't need the fillers, additives, excessive amounts of sugars, fats, salts and other measures taken to taint the natural goodness of real food.
Through my work and travels I have been lucky enough to have been exposed to various eclectic cuisine running the gamut from small local cafes to iconic five-star restaurants.
Just eat less and exercise more.
Today there are not even enough fruits and vegetables in this country to allow all Americans to follow the government guidelines to eat five to nine servings a day.
The very fact that we are having a national conversation about what we should eat, that we are struggling with the question about what the best diet is, is symptomatic of how far we have strayed from the natural conditions that gave rise to our species, from the simple act of eating real, whole, fresh food.
