American,Author
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
I don't like to commit myself about heaven and hell - you see, I have friends in both places.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
Patriot: the person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself.
Thunder is good, thunder is impressive; but it is lightning that does the work.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation.
The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause.
I make it a rule never to smoke while I'm sleeping.
It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them.
Golf is a good walk spoiled.
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Denial ain't just a river in Egypt.
It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
Often it does seem such a pity that Noah and his party did not miss the boat.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
There is a charm about the forbidden that makes it unspeakably desirable.
Let us endeavor so to live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar.
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.
But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?
It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't understand that bother me, it is the parts that I do understand.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
The trouble ain't that there is too many fools, but that the lightning ain't distributed right.
I never let schooling interfere with my education.
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
Laws control the lesser man... Right conduct controls the greater one.
Let us not be too particular; it is better to have old secondhand diamonds than none at all.
Optimist: day dreamer more elegantly spelled.
'Classic.' A book which people praise and don't read.
The finest clothing made is a person's own skin, but, of course, society demands something more than this.
Man was made at the end of the week's work, when God was tired.
When in doubt tell the truth.
Only one thing is impossible for God: To find any sense in any copyright law on the planet.
If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way.
We have the best government that money can buy.
All emotion is involuntary when genuine.
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved.
There is no distinctly American criminal class - except Congress.
God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
To refuse awards is another way of accepting them with more noise than is normal.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it's a sure sign you're getting old.
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial 'we.'
It is better to take what does not belong to you than to let it lie around neglected.
The more things are forbidden, the more popular they become.
All right, then, I'll go to hell.
What is the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector? The taxidermist takes only your skin.
Necessity is the mother of taking chances.
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone, you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
Thousands of geniuses live and die undiscovered - either by themselves or by others.
Everything human is pathetic. The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.
How lucky Adam was. He knew when he said a good thing, nobody had said it before.
Ideally a book would have no order to it, and the reader would have to discover his own.
She was not quite what you would call refined. She was not quite what you would call unrefined. She was the kind of person that keeps a parrot.
Against the assault of laughter, nothing can stand.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet in his private heart no man much respects himself.
I was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had ceased to be one.
I have never taken any exercise, except sleeping and resting, and I never intend to take any.
Under certain circumstances, urgent circumstances, desperate circumstances, profanity provides a relief denied even to prayer.
Better a broken promise than none at all.
The difference between the almost right word and the right word is really a large matter - 'tis the difference between the lightning-bug and the lightning.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
The first of April is the day we remember what we are the other 364 days of the year.
Drag your thoughts away from your troubles... by the ears, by the heels, or any other way you can manage it.
Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to.
I don't give a damn for a man that can only spell a word one way.
If man could be crossed with the cat it would improve man, but deteriorate the cat.
The Public is merely a multiplied 'me.'
Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel.
Sometimes too much to drink is barely enough.
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.
Familiarity breeds contempt - and children.
Prosperity is the best protector of principle.
Work is a necessary evil to be avoided.
When I was younger I could remember anything, whether it happened or not.
Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very'; your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.
I came in with Halley's Comet in 1835. It is coming again next year, and I expect to go out with it. It will be the greatest disappointment of my life if I don't go out with Halley's Comet. The Almighty has said, no doubt: 'Now here are these two unaccountable freaks; they came in together, they must go out together.'
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion that makes horse races.
Buy land, they're not making it anymore.
Words are only painted fire; a look is the fire itself.
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way.
It is easier to stay out than get out.
The more you explain it, the more I don't understand it.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
The man who is a pessimist before 48 knows too much; if he is an optimist after it, he knows too little.
Let us make a special effort to stop communicating with each other, so we can have some conversation.
The main difference between a cat and a lie is that a cat only has nine lives.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
Water, taken in moderation, cannot hurt anybody.
The rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane.
Principles have no real force except when one is well-fed.
Lord save us all from old age and broken health and a hope tree that has lost the faculty of putting out blossoms.
A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away. He must have time to modify his shape.
We Americans... bear the ark of liberties of the world.
The educated Southerner has no use for an 'r', except at the beginning of a word.
There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice.
Grief can take care if itself, but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
To be good is noble; but to show others how to be good is nobler and no trouble.
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
What, sir, would the people of the earth be without woman? They would be scarce, sir, almighty scarce.
Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't.
If the world comes to an end, I want to be in Cincinnati. Everything comes there ten years later.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
The public is the only critic whose opinion is worth anything at all.
What a wee little part of a person's life are his acts and his words! His real life is led in his head, and is known to none but himself.
Few of us can stand prosperity. Another man's, I mean.
India has 2,000,000 gods and worships them all. In religion, all other countries are paupers; India is the only millionaire.
No sinner is ever saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon.
We are all alike, on the inside.
Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing wrong with this, except that it ain't so.
The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that procession but carrying a banner.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
When a person cannot deceive himself the chances are against his being able to deceive other people.
It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
I have been complimented many times and they always embarrass me; I always feel that they have not said enough.
It put our energies to sleep and made visionaries of us - dreamers and indolent... It is good to begin life poor; it is good to begin life rich - these are wholesome; but to begin it prospectively rich! The man who has not experienced it cannot imagine the curse of it.
In 'Huckleberry Finn,' I have drawn Tom Blankenship exactly as he was. He was ignorant, unwashed, insufficiently fed; but he had as good a heart as ever any boy had.
The Christian's Bible is a drug store. Its contents remain the same, but the medical practice changes.
Wit is the sudden marriage of ideas which, before their union, were not perceived to have any relation.
There are times when one would like to hang the whole human race, and finish the farce.
The most interesting information comes from children, for they tell all they know and then stop.
Biographies are but the clothes and buttons of the man. The biography of the man himself cannot be written.
Prophesy is a good line of business, but it is full of risks.
Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today.
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.
My books are like water; those of the great geniuses are wine. (Fortunately) everybody drinks water.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
Man will do many things to get himself loved, he will do all things to get himself envied.
Martyrdom covers a multitude of sins.
Don't say the old lady screamed. Bring her on and let her scream.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
Why shouldn't truth be stranger than fiction? Fiction, after all, has to make sense.
Humor must not professedly teach and it must not professedly preach, but it must do both if it would live forever.
Do not tell fish stories where the people know you; but particularly, don't tell them where they know the fish.
Good breeding consists in concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person.
When red-haired people are above a certain social grade their hair is auburn.
As an example to others, and not that I care for moderation myself, it has always been my rule never to smoke when asleep, and never to refrain from smoking when awake.
It is just like man's vanity and impertinence to call an animal dumb because it is dumb to his dull perceptions.
Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned.
The wit knows that his place is at the tail of a procession.
George Washington, as a boy, was ignorant of the commonest accomplishments of youth. He could not even lie.
There are people who can do all fine and heroic things but one - keep from telling their happiness to the unhappy.
