American,Politician
The American Dream is independence and being able to create that dream for yourself.
In this dangerous world that we live in, where hatred and violence and natural disasters sometimes collide to almost overwhelm us, we each can help in some way.
If a natural disaster strikes your community, reach out to your friends, neighbors, and complete strangers. Lend a helping hand.
New Hampshire is one of the birthplaces of American freedom and independence - a place with a love and a passion for liberty.
We are a nation of laws with respect and recognition of the rule of law. We are not an imperialist government with a monarch abiding by the rule of one man.
Less regulation plus less taxation plus less litigation always equals more innovation and job creation.
The generosity of the American people is legendary. So is their spirit.
The Dodd Bill does very little to reduce financial risks. What it will do is make Wall Street even more the servant of bureaucrats in Washington and the political party in power. That is not in the best interests of the American people.
Madam Speaker, it is time to halt illegal entry into this country. It is time to halt the flow of illegal drugs and weapons into this great Nation, and it is time to secure our borders.
Yes, what has happened is we have moved from responding to these terrorist attacks as acts of civil disobedience to getting to the point after September 11 that we said, no, this is not just civil disobedience, this is an act of war.
Business models change. As technology processes, business models change.
The American Dream is not being dependent on the federal government for your health care, for your automobile, for your college education, for your student loan on and on and on.
Technology is characterized by constant change, rapid innovation, creative destruction, and revolutionary products.
Look at what is happening in China and in Russia. They have units that are specifically targeted cyber warfare. They are carrying it out. Our critical infrastructure is attacked thousands of times a day.
I often quote Ronald Reagan, who is pretty close to my favorite President ever, I will have to say that, but one of my favorite remarks he ever made was that when you look at Federal programs, there is nothing so close to eternal life on Earth as a Federal Government program.
Women are running companies, serving as the human resource director of companies, and helping employees solve problems. Women are doctors, lawyers, teachers, sales managers, marketers. They handle problems in the workplace by day and manage their families by night.
To get our economy back on track and keep it functioning properly without the problems of our financial institutions, we need reasonable regulations that will protect Main Street while at the same time allow Wall Street to do what it does best - make money for American investors.
Small business owners that are female, that is their number one problem, is access to capital.
Republicans rejected calls for amnesty and we've fought efforts to provide illegal aliens with taxpayer funded benefits. The American people are far closer to our Republican approach to border security than they are to Nancy Pelosi's approach.
Mr. Speaker, we are a blessed Nation. We have not suffered another attack on our soil since September 11, and we are grateful. We have killed or captured dozens of members of al Qaeda and the Taliban. Our military and intelligence forces are working both hard and smart.
Can any of us even imagine, after Pearl Harbor, President Roosevelt suggesting we negotiate a resolution or that we could simply prosecute those involved? Of course it is unimaginable. We are right to be in the Middle East, and we are right to treat this as the war it is.
Every town has become a border town and every State has become a border State.
This is now a global war on terror and, indeed, it is important, it is imperative that we win in the battles in Afghanistan and that we win in the battles in Iraq. And as the gentleman from Georgia has mentioned, this is not something that is going to be quick and easy.
We must be certain that we all realize that our enemy is not an enemy that is located in one single place. There are terrorist cells all around the globe.
We do thank our men and women in uniform. And I thank them. I thank this House today that approved a bill that will allow for a pay raise for our military. We are grateful for that and for the actions of this body.
On energy, we should be exploring for domestic sources of energy.
Now, 'the fiscal cliff' is a name that the media came up with, but some of us have been saying for years, 'You have got to stop the out of control federal spending, or you will end up at this point.' We're there.
What I want to do is make certain that no one's taxes go up. Let's look at cleaning up the tax code.
Being Speaker of the House is a really tough spot.
I work every weekend in my district.
I am every single day talking with and working with people in my district who are seeing their health care insurance costs go up five times, 105 percent, 300 percent, that are getting pay cuts, that are losing 40-hour workweeks, that are having to work two and three jobs.
We don't want the federal government to shut down. It is so inappropriate, and it is not respectful of the people that have sent us here to do our jobs.
We have to defeat ISIS. We have to make certain that we destroy them and that we push them back.
I think people have found it very interesting that those that enforce ObamaCare, those that wrote Obamacare, are not a part of ObamaCare.
People are probably going to realize they can live with a lot less government than what they thought they needed.
I've always said that I didn't want to be given a job because I was a female, I wanted it because I was the most well-qualified person for the job. And making certain that companies are going to move forward in that vein, that is what women want.
Reclassifying the Internet as a telecommunications service will have dangerous repercussions for years to come.
Net Neutrality originally referred to management of the 'last mile' of the network over which data flows into a person's home, but the debate has grown beyond that in recent years.
I fear that light touch regulations that have allowed the Internet to prosper will now be replaced by a heavy hand that stifles innovation and does not adapt well to change. The Internet is not broken.
My legislation provides that Net Neutrality rules would have 'no force or effect' and prohibits similar rules from being published or re-issued.
Seldom does a member of either party have to be called down for inappropriate behavior on the House floor.
We are for abiding by the Constitution and recognize that Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 enumerates the power of establishing 'an uniform process of naturalization' to the Congress.
If a president can enforce a part of a law and delay a part of a law, then does he have a power to not enforce any law he so chooses? If he can allow illegal aliens to freely run across our border, can he force legal citizens out of the country? Where would be the end of his power?
Citizens United fought to defend our right to free speech - and won a great victory in the United States Supreme Court.
You might have noticed Harry Reid is a little upset with Americans for Prosperity. Let me tell you, when the Democrat leader is complaining about you on the Senate floor, you know you are doing something right.
The right of liberty is God-given and immortal. It cannot be regulated. Or controlled. It cannot be banned. And it must not be restricted.
Serving as President of the United States is a privilege that is afforded to few in our country.
Many women are heads of households. Many are the primary wage earners for their families.
If the expansion of a global legal regime for communication technologies gains traction, the effects to the global economy as well as our individual liberties will be severe.
Countries like Iran and China support an Internet Iron Curtain that would censor political dissidents and deny anonymous activity online through mandatory registrations of IP addresses.
Because America leads the world by example, it's no surprise that some might seek to imitate our domestic rules and regulations on a global scale.
FCC Commissioner Robert McDowell has said that several foreign dignitaries personally spoke to him about creating a new Internet user fee to subsidize an international universal service fund at the expense of traditional end users.
There's an inverse relationship between the size and scope of government and the health of our free-market economy.
Every new rule, mandate, and regulatory edict is one more obstacle that small business owners, entrepreneurs, and job creators have to swallow.
A conservative vision to tech issues assumes the imperfection of mankind and a preference for markets - not politics - to drive outcomes.
I support safeguarding users' personally identifiable information and sensitive data like health or financial records. I also believe the government has a responsibility to punish deceptive and unfair practices that defy reasonable expectations about consumers' privacy.
Ironically, one of the clearer threats to consumer privacy is the government's largely unchecked ability to collect your sensitive information without due process.
An overly expansive virtual 'toll' for the Internet that blocks consumers' and competitors' access to the e-commerce superhighway is not the right answer.
Great Britain has long been one of our strongest friends in the free world.
The British health care system is a blueprint for the failure of Obamacare, as it is structured.
We need to work to repeal Obamacare and replace it with the kind of health care choices that the American people want. That doesn't include government-run health care.
While all Republicans acknowledge that there were mistakes made during the Bush Administration, again the continuous pointing a finger at President Bush has gotten tiresome.
Here in Tennessee, instead of the big spending, big government, job killing agenda of the Obama Administration, Tennesseans have tightened their belts and are struggling to find jobs that will enable them to support their families.
The Obama Administration continues to talk about the 'policies of the past' and insist that a return to those policies will lead to disaster.
We in Tennessee know that low taxes, less government, and less spending are the ways to grow our economy.
We know that working with small businesses to create jobs will do more to help our economy than anything the Obama Administration has tried to do.
One of the most important tasks of the United States House of Representatives is to pass a budget resolution.
Congress, of course, is not bound to accept the president's budget figures, but the House has the sole power to appropriate funds for spending, and it is a duty that should not be ignored.
The Budget Act of 1974 established a timetable for the annual budget process. Under Title III of the Act, Congress is to complete action on the concurrent resolution on the budget by April 15.
While the budget resolution is a nonbinding blueprint, it is, nevertheless, an important guideline for Congress. Once the President's proposed budget is received by Congress on the first Monday of February, Congress generally goes to work on appropriating the funds required.
Politicians like to confuse congressional spending with earmarks. There is a difference.
I firmly believe that the most important feature of spending the people's money is complete transparency.
Earmarks are almost always inserted by a member of Congress without any notice to other members, and without a chance for Congress as a whole to debate a particular earmark as they relate to national priorities.
Any spending should be debated openly on the floor of the House and voted on in open session, with the American people having a chance to watch and listen.
The American people have made it abundantly clear that they want less government, not more. They want problems solved in a bipartisan manner, not the creation of new problems.
Republicans are willing to support and vote for realistic, meaningful financial reform.
I remember my first job, when I was working in a retail store down there, growing up in Laurel, Mississippi. I was making, like, $2.15 an hour. And I was taught how to responsibly handle those customer interactions.
As more delivery systems for entertainment producers come on board, you have all these different formats where people are compensated.
More people are working in jobs that are interactive technology based or find a basis in intellectual property.
Our creative communities in Nashville, in L.A. and New York, and in Austin, those are communities you want to see stay viable.
If you see something suspicious, don't just walk by. Notify authorities. Get help. You could save innocent lives.
Liberals are very much afraid of conservative women, and here's the reason why - more people agree with us. They want the government to have less control over their lives.
The No. 1 issue with women in this country is jobs, and the No. 2 issue is our national security. So, economic security, national security and retirement security.
Defense of free markets is where we need to be when establishing a vision for national technology policy.
I think so many of our educators, when they hear about these programs coming from the federal government, they're just thinking, 'Uh, that's another book of paperwork that I'm going to have to do,' and teachers are so weighed down with that.
We've already seen the federal government stretch their regulatory tentacles into our homes and determine what kind of light bulbs we have to use.
I've talked with a lot of teachers, classroom teachers after the Sandy Hook situation, and they say, look, we need to be looking at mental health.
Some of the school districts in my congressional district are looking at resource officers and how they secure that environment.
You look at the violence that is there in entertainment, in video games, and don't just go say, 'We're going to do an assault weapons ban, and that's going to solve the problem,' because it is not going to get to the root of the problem.
