American,Model
It's important to me if I'm having a good time than I feel like the work is better. The quality of it is better and my level of interest is higher.
It's long been accepted as fact that the availability of family planning services saves lives. Where women have access to these services, children and families are healthier, and society at large benefits.
I am a fierce patriot, and I try to be outspoken about my beliefs.
Women have always been at the forefront of progressive movements. Women can be depended on when you need bodies in the streets for women's rights and human rights.
The word 'equality' shows up too much in our founding documents for anyone to pretend it's not the American way.
The '80s to me, more than anything else, represents a time of real criminal activity in the office of the president: an incredibly disparate economy in terms of the class distinctions and whatnot, and a tremendous shallowness - a lot of sort of bank robbery by executives.
I'd just like to see a role for women where someone who isn't traditionally attractive is not portraying the best friend. You know, the character that only speaks in questions. 'Gee, are you gonna go out with him? Do you think I look fat?'
I'm so sick of hearing how there's no strong roles for women. I don't care about strong roles. I just want to see women who are characters! A nun, a serial killer, a housewife, as long as there's some depth there.
When you're working with good people it brings good things out in you.
I wouldn't say Malkovich is totally insane, but he's not living in the real world. He's living in his world, which is a fine world to live in apparently.
I am a United States citizen and I vote.
Who owns your body? You or the state?
I would almost rather be in debt constantly than work with horrible people that I hate.
I am not a morning person. I like to sleep in.
That's the thing about interviews, at some point you're going to change your mind. But it's there forever and you can't escape it.
My mom just didn't put a very high premium on me being like really famous or really wealthy or anything.
My mother had been an actress and we came from that world in New York, the theater world and the downtown sort of theater scene, and so I guess we didn't really have what you'd call like a Hollywood kind of life at all.
I am not bored at all. I am not bored in the least.
I wasn't paraded around for sale at all. My mother wasn't into that.
I've often said in the past that I thought MTV was sort of evil incarnate and signified the beginning of the end. And I don't know if I'm entirely wrong about that, but they did sign my paychecks a year ago, so I guess I'm part of the problem.
Independent film is not only an oxymoron; it doesn't exist anymore.
At this point, I don't get hired a lot because people don't think I could finance a movie.
I prefer to think of the audience as a single living organism with which I am sharing a singular, never-to-be-repeated experience.
If I'm enjoying myself, I find my opportunities for more fun become greater.
There are an infinite number of ways to be moved in the theater.
In the theater, as an actor, you're welcoming people into your house.
I watch things that are fun, or funny, or interesting.
I don't know if I've learned anything about people, but I've learned about Twitter.
People seem to think that you should be willing to speak to them whether they're jerks or not.
My mom and I used to listen to records, read, and take train rides across the country in the summer. It was a very chill life. She didn't expose me to anything that was ahead of my development, but she expected me to adjust to her world - she did not expect to adjust to mine.
I don't pay attention to the ratings.
I want to be true to the character and maintain some consistency and give the audience what they love while at the same time keeping things fresh and grow the character.
It's not so weird that four generations are living together under the same roof and trying to make it work. It's how a lot of people in this country are living right now.
I love dogs because they're so adaptable.
I've had cats all my life and obviously loved them, but the litter box, and the having to always get a house sitter, they're just too - they're too rigid. Cats are too needy somehow.
It's an unusual situation for me to be working and making a living.
