American,Leader
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable... Every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle; the tireless exertions and passionate concern of dedicated individuals.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
We are not makers of history. We are made by history.
Violence as a way of achieving racial justice is both impractical and immoral. I am not unmindful of the fact that violence often brings about momentary results. Nations have frequently won their independence in battle. But in spite of temporary victories, violence never brings permanent peace.
The ultimate tragedy is not the oppression and cruelty by the bad people but the silence over that by the good people.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
The time is always right to do what is right.
He who passively accepts evil is as much involved in it as he who helps to perpetrate it. He who accepts evil without protesting against it is really cooperating with it.
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.
Capitalism does not permit an even flow of economic resources. With this system, a small privileged few are rich beyond conscience, and almost all others are doomed to be poor at some level. That's the way the system works. And since we know that the system will not change the rules, we are going to have to change the system.
Discrimination is a hellhound that gnaws at Negroes in every waking moment of their lives to remind them that the lie of their inferiority is accepted as truth in the society dominating them.
Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality.
Have we not come to such an impasse in the modern world that we must love our enemies - or else? The chain reaction of evil - hate begetting hate, wars producing more wars - must be broken, or else we shall be plunged into the dark abyss of annihilation.
The limitation of riots, moral questions aside, is that they cannot win and their participants know it. Hence, rioting is not revolutionary but reactionary because it invites defeat. It involves an emotional catharsis, but it must be followed by a sense of futility.
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal.
The Negro needs the white man to free him from his fears. The white man needs the Negro to free him from his guilt.
We must use time creatively.
A lie cannot live.
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant.
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.
Seeing is not always believing.
Oppressed people cannot remain oppressed forever. The yearning for freedom eventually manifests itself.
The moral arc of the universe bends at the elbow of justice.
Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better.
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
Nonviolence is a powerful and just weapon, which cuts without wounding and ennobles the man who wields it. It is a sword that heals.
Nonviolence means avoiding not only external physical violence but also internal violence of spirit. You not only refuse to shoot a man, but you refuse to hate him.
Philanthropy is commendable, but it must not cause the philanthropist to overlook the circumstances of economic injustice which make philanthropy necessary.
The principle of self defense, even involving weapons and bloodshed, has never been condemned, even by Gandhi.
There comes a time when people get tired of being pushed out of the glittering sunlight of life's July and left standing amid the piercing chill of an alpine November.
Since being in India, I am more convinced than ever before that the method of nonviolent resistance is the most potent weapon available to oppressed people in their struggle for justice and human dignity.
Don't let anybody make you think God chose America as His divine messianic force to be a sort of policeman of the whole world.
Whatever your life's work is, do it well. A man should do his job so well that the living, the dead, and the unborn could do it no better.
One of the greatest casualties of the war in Vietnam is the Great Society... shot down on the battlefield of Vietnam.
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
It is not enough to say we must not wage war. It is necessary to love peace and sacrifice for it.
To other countries, I may go as a tourist, but to India, I come as a pilgrim.
All progress is precarious, and the solution of one problem brings us face to face with another problem.
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent.
Wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows.
Pity may represent little more than the impersonal concern which prompts the mailing of a check, but true sympathy is the personal concern which demands the giving of one's soul.
If we are to go forward, we must go back and rediscover those precious values - that all reality hinges on moral foundations and that all reality has spiritual control.
I want to be the white man's brother, not his brother-in-law.
It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can keep him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.
Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.
The question is not whether we will be extremists, but what kind of extremists we will be... The nation and the world are in dire need of creative extremists.
A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom.
When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong, you cannot be too conservative.
I am not interested in power for power's sake, but I'm interested in power that is moral, that is right and that is good.
A riot is the language of the unheard.
The past is prophetic in that it asserts loudly that wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows.
The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has just done you a small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one.
The sweltering summer of the Negro's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality.
A right delayed is a right denied.
Any religion that professes to be concerned about the souls of men and is not concerned about the slums that damn them, the economic conditions that strangle them and the social conditions that cripple them is a spiritually moribund religion awaiting burial.
If physical death is the price that I must pay to free my white brothers and sisters from a permanent death of the spirit, then nothing can be more redemptive.
It is incontestable and deplorable that Negroes have committed crimes; but they are derivative crimes. They are born of the greater crimes of the white society.
There is nothing more tragic than to find an individual bogged down in the length of life, devoid of breadth.
A nation or civilization that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan.
We must concentrate not merely on the negative expulsion of war but the postive affirmation of peace.
Nonviolence is a powerful and just weapon. Indeed, it is a weapon unique in history, which cuts without wounding and ennobles the man who wields it.
I just want to do God's will. And he's allowed me to go to the mountain. And I've looked over, and I've seen the promised land! I may not get there with you, but I want you to know tonight that we as a people will get to the promised land.
War is a poor chisel to carve out tomorrow.
Property is intended to serve life, and no matter how much we surround it with rights and respect, it has no personal being. It is part of the earth man walks on. It is not man.
If I wish to compose or write or pray or preach well, I must be angry. Then all the blood in my veins is stirred, and my understanding is sharpened.
