American,Politician
Reversing deforestation is complicated; planting a tree is simple.
The most fearless hearts, the audacious dreamers, have always maintained a sense of optimism that often flies in the face of the available evidence.
The death penalty is ineffective as a deterrent, and the appeals process is expensive and cruel to the surviving family members.
There is no reason that billionaires should crowd us out from our democracy.
All of us, wherever we happen to stand on the marriage equality issue, can agree that all our children deserve the opportunity to live in a loving, caring, committed, and stable home, protected equally under the law.
Some people might look at Baltimore, from afar, and see nothing but hopelessness. I see, in Baltimore, tremendously good and compassionate people, and a tremendous opportunity to save a lot a lives.
The Republican Party is doubling down on this trickle-down theory that says, 'Thou shalt concentrate wealth at the very top of our society. Thou shalt remove regulation from wherever you find it, even on Wall Street. And thou shalt keep wages low for American workers so that we can be more competitive.'
The way forward is always found through greater respect for the equal rights of all.
Justice must be done in investigating the tragic death of Mr. Freddie Gray. His family deserves our deepest sympathy and respect for their loss, and our admiration for their courage in calling us, as a city, to act as our better selves.
In Maryland, we consider ourselves pro-growth Americans.
There are more repercussions for a person being a chronic speeding violator in our country, than there is for a big bank being a chronic violator of S.E.C. rules!
We have to raise the minimum wage.
I'm not opposed to free trade if it's fair trade. But I am opposed to bad trade deals.
The presidency of the United States is not some crown to be passed between two families.
I like Iowa. I know Iowa. I've spent some time in Iowa. Good people in Iowa. It's a great state.
We are already witnessing a transformation in the U.S. economy to increased production of lower carbon energy through fuel switching to natural gas and expansion of wind, solar, geothermal, and other renewable non-carbon intensive energy sources.
None of us wants to pay more at the pump.
Every child should be given a strong start to their education.
God doesn't make mistakes and has made each of us in his own image. God is simply love. There should be no fear in love.
Progress is a choice. Job creation is a choice. Whether we give our children a future of more or a future of less - this, too, is a choice.
I believe that there are new perspectives that are needed in order for us to resolve the problems that we face as Americans and also the problems we face as people on this planet, and I believe that new perspective and new leadership is needed.
We are a people of many different religions and many different faiths. The only way forward in a pluralistic society of diverse faiths such as ours is to have laws that protect and respect the freedom of all, equally.
The answers to feeding hungry children is not fewer dollars to feed hungry children, it's to do more. It is to raise the minimum wage. It is to increase, not dismantle, the earned income tax credit. It is to make college more affordable for more middle class families, not more expensive. These are the things that grow our middle class.
Typically, I don't get to unwind after a day at work.
Our parents and grandparents understood this truth deeply. They believed - as we do - that to create jobs, a modern economy requires modern investments: educating, innovating and rebuilding for our children's future. Building an economy to last, from the middle class up, not from the billionaires down.
Facts are facts: No president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt in the Great Depression inherited a worse economy, bigger job losses or deeper problems from his predecessor. But President Obama is moving America forward, not back.
I think it would be an extreme poverty indeed if there weren't more than one person willing to compete for the presidential nomination of the Democratic Party.
Doing difficult things like passing marriage equality, passing the Dream Act, doing common sense things that allow new American immigrants to fully participate, pay their taxes, play by the rules and take care of their families. That's the inclusive America that I believe all of us want to move to.
I was motivated to go into public life because of the great chasm that exists between justice and injustice in our country. Nowhere is that divide greater than in America's cities.
Civil rights was not an impossible dream. Thousands of brave African Americans stepped forward to make it happen.
When the citizens of Baltimore banded together to repel the British during the War of 1812, three in five were immigrants, and one in five was black - some were free, some slaves.
When I was in Grade 9, there was an election for high school president, and one of the candidates told us that if we elected him, he would abolish homework. He promised this to the entire student body from the stage in the school gymnasium.
Gilles Duceppe avoids making campaign promises altogether so he can emphasize that his Bloc Quebecois has only one objective: to prevent Harper from forming a majority government.
My all-time favourite political promise - more a boast than a promise, really - came from former Montreal mayor Jean Drapeau, who said in the lead-up to the 1976 Olympics, 'The Olympics can no more lose money than a man can have a baby.'
I have 15 years of executive experience as a big-city mayor and as a governor.
History is full of times when the inevitable front-runner is inevitable right up until he or she is no longer inevitable.
We haven't had an agenda for American cities probably since at least Jimmy Carter. We have left cities to fend for themselves.
Senator Mikulski has done an outstanding job representing Maryland in the U.S. Senate for nearly 30 years.
I did not dedicate my life to making Baltimore a safer and more just place because it was easy.
There are people in whole parts of our cities who are being totally left behind and disregarded. They are unheard. They are told they are unneeded by this economy. And that extreme poverty breeds conditions for extreme violence.
I believe marriage is a human right, not a state right.
I believe that we do our country a disservice when we make it harder for new American immigrants to abide by the rules of the road and obtain drivers licenses.
Back on September 11, terrorists attacked our metropolitan cores, two of America's great cities. They did that because they knew that was where they could do the most damage and weaken us the most.
If any mayor reduced school funding by 33 percent and called it the 'Strengthening Our Schools Initiative,' I think they'd be excoriated.
We have to wrap this imperative of addressing climate change in a prosperity framework, and secondly we have to do a much better job of putting forward an American jobs agenda that's a match for the climate challenge.
Leadership is about making the right decision and the best decision before, sometimes, it becomes entirely popular.
Secretary Clinton is perfectly capable of defending her own service in office.
I believe that the best way to campaign is one-on-one with people.
You can't forge a new sort of consensus, you can't forge public opinion, by following public opinion.
Progressive leaders always try to take action on the forward edge of that movement, movement toward greater respect for the equal rights of all.
Maryland is among the nation's most vulnerable states to the effects of sea level rise from climate change, and we are taking strong action to reduce carbon pollution.
We must preserve our planet and grow our economy simultaneously. We cannot become more prosperous without the living systems upon which our prosperity depends.
I go to the gym pretty regularly.
We make our own future; we govern ourselves, and to govern is to choose.
Progress is a choice.
Public trust is essential to public safety.
Extreme poverty is extremely dangerous.
Maryland schools succeed because we have never stopped investing in our students and doing the things that work.
In 2013, Maryland had the second highest job creation rate of any state in the Mid Atlantic region - faster than both Pennsylvania and Virginia.
Putting aside competitive interests for a new kind of collaboration, Maryland pioneered a real-time encounter notification service to alert primary care doctors when their patients are hospitalized.
People's trust in their public institutions depends on their government getting results.
The Center for American Progress rates Maryland as the best state in the nation for women. I couldn't agree more.
It's great that Maryland is tied for having the lowest wage gap between our working men and women of any state in the nation, but there's more work to do to eliminate that gap entirely.
No woman who works full time and plays by the rules should have to raise her family in poverty.
The march of progress must continue.
The most valuable investment we can make is in our children's education. When we make education a priority, we give our children opportunity. Opportunity to learn at higher levels than their parents were able to learn; to earn at higher levels than we were able to earn.
Twenty-first century buildings support a 21st century education - because it is difficult to learn or to teach if you are shivering.
There is no greater ladder into the middle class than education.
There are some rights that are so fundamental to our society that you'd think the public debate would be closed on them. The right of every American citizen to vote - regardless of age, race, or income level - is one of them.
Maryland first allowed early voting during the 2010 primary elections. In November 2012, more than 16 percent of registered voters in Maryland cast their ballots during the early voting period, and some polling places, particularly in our larger jurisdictions, witnessed early voting lines that were hours long.
The right to vote gives every eligible American a voice in our electoral politics. There's too much at stake to stay silent as this right is eroded.
We can never completely prevent another tragedy like the Boston Marathon attacks from happening. But every American should ask themselves if their community is as prepared as it could be.
While different states and cities might look to different strategies for protecting public safety, we all can agree on this: we lose too many American lives to gun violence.
Who can sit back as our towns and cities are torn apart by violence and be content with the status quo?
If we want better results, we have to make better choices.
Between 1999 and 2009, the people of Baltimore achieved the greatest reduction in crime of America's largest cities.
Job creation is a choice. Investing in cleaner, greener technologies that allow us to strike a more sustainable balance with the other living systems of this earth - this, too, is a choice.
To create jobs, a modern economy requires modern investments.
Maryland is home to one of the world's most highly skilled, highly educated workforces.
The Offshore Wind Energy Act could be not only a jobs creator, but also a history maker.
Making government more efficient and more effective need not be a partisan issue.
There is not a country on earth that could get its fiscal house in order by shrinking opportunity and depressing growth.
There is an adage in business that says that you should only compete when you have a competitive advantage. When it comes to cybersecurity, Maryland has a whole host of competitive advantages.
Marylanders have led the nation in adopting a balanced approach to revenues and investments because we know that in order to maintain and build the #1 public schools in the nation, we had to ask everyone to pay their fair share. We need Congress to do the same.
Putting middle class families in jeopardy in order to protect the wealthiest among us isn't consistent with the values and priorities that most Americans share.
It's time to put the national interest before the interests of Wall Street.
You can't strengthen the ranks of your middle class, you can't strengthen and grow the ranks of your businesses and family-owned businesses, unless you are fiscally responsible.
Protecting our land, our air and our water is a very important thing that we can only do together.
There is no legislative change that can be made to make up for an economy that's not growing and not expanding.
Our politics has been greatly impacted, for the worse, by big money and the concentration of big money.
I think that the S.E.C. has been pretty feckless when it comes to reigning in reckless behavior on Wall Street.
We can't expect Wall Street to police itself - that's why we have a federal government.
People are looking for a leader independent of powerful, wealthy special interests that always push to the front of the line.
I'm not for the sort of trade deals that hollow out our standards while they hollow out our middle class and middle class wages.
A lot of our Democratic consultants have fallen into the self-defeating prescription that the candidate that runs the most negative ads wins. I have a new theory: Positive is the new negative.
Democrats haven't been functioning effectively as a party at the national level.
As mayor, I got used to the fact that when you walked out of the house in the morning to pick up the newspaper in your boxers, there could be a camera there.
I didn't run for mayor because everything was going great in Baltimore in 1999.
When you create an economy where you subsidize corporate profits through a welfare program and food stamps in order to keep wages low in some perverse pursuit of 'competiveness,' than you reap the fruits of the anger that you sow.
I think it's really, really important to grow the consensus and to realize that there is always some value that can be shared with another American, on any issue. Starting from those points of common belief and shared values is very, I think, important to forging the consensus that allows these issues to more forward.
There are times in Annapolis when a governor's support can move an issue over the goal line.
