American,Actor
Future generations are not going to ask us what political party were you in. They are going to ask what did you do about it, when you knew the glaciers were melting.
No, no, I never despair, because George Bush is not running the universe. He may be running the United States, he may be running the military, he may be running even the world, but he is not running the universe, he is not running the human heart.
My first civil disobedience arrest for social justice was in 1986 for protesting the SDI.
I'm one of those cliff-hanging Catholics. I don't believe in God, but I do believe that Mary was his mother.
We live in a very dysfunctional society, and this is a very, very dysfunctional Administration.
Those years on the golf course as a caddie, boy, those people were something. They were vulgar, some were alcoholics, racist, they were very difficult people to deal with. A lot of them didn't have a sense of humor.
We think of violence as being conflict and fighting and wars and so forth, but the most ongoing horrific measure of violence is in the horrible poverty of the Third World... and the poverty in the United States as well.
I am not the President. Instead, I hold an even higher office, that of citizen of the United States.
I started caddying when I was nine years old at a very exclusive country club in Dayton, Ohio. And I saw how the other half lived, if you will.
You never know when you are doing something that is affecting someone.
I think President Clinton was probably the brightest President of the 20th century.
Don't invade Iraq. Inspections work, war won't.
George W Bush is like a bad comic working the crowd, a moron, if you'll pardon the expression.
And there are so many people in the third world suffering so horribly right now, and we are so focused on ourselves and our culture that a lot of things are showing up in our culture that are making it impossible for us to focus on others. We're so self-focused.
Anybody who plays golf will tell you that you play against yourself.
Golf is fundamentally about being honest. I see people hit eight shots and tell me they shot five. I never say a word. It is a reminder to me of what is at stake.
I am a very conscientious golfer. I count every stroke. I learned to play that way. That is the only way I can play. It taught me to be honest. There is no greater virtue than honesty.
I do it because I can't seem to live with myself if I do not. I don't know any other way to be. It isn't something you can explain; it is just something that you do; it is something that you are.
I don't think that people in America are really given enough information about the Third World.
I have been accused of being a traitor, and I have been accused of not supporting the military. Nothing could be further from the truth.
I honestly do not know if civil disobedience has any effect on the government. I can promise you it has a great effect on the person who chooses to do it.
I just think that the only way we come to ourselves is through each other.
I never went to college when I was young and am looking forward to giving it a try... at age 65!
I personally am opposed to abortion, but I will not judge anybody else's right in that regard because I am not a woman and I could never face the actual reality of it.
I still believe in the nonviolent Jesus and the basic human goodness present in all of us.
I think the Church is a conduit to God. The Church is not God. And I think that from the very beginning Jesus taught us that.
