American,Musician
Whether looking at pop music, hip-hop or R&B, it's rare to find an artist who hasn't been touched or affected by the power and soul of gospel music. In fact, many of today's popular artists such as Whitney Houston, John Legend, and Katy Perry started their careers in the church choir.
A friend of mine said something powerful at his grandfather's funeral. He said that the greatest lesson from his grandfather's life was that he died empty, because he accomplished everything he wanted, with no regrets. I think that, along with leaving a legacy, would be the greatest sign of success.
Gospel music allows us to become closer to God and closer to each other.
The worse thing in the world is for an individual to live, breath and exist and leave this earth, die, and not make impact.
Now we have so many different genres of music, it's amazing to me. Even in the gospel music arena, you've got hip-hop, you got contemporary, urban contemporary, you got traditional, you got neo-soul gospel, you've got all of these different things.
One thing I don't personally like is not having that privacy I used to have. Being able to do whatever I wanted to do without people recognizing me. That makes me watch what I'm doing more carefully. I'm not going to be acting no fool.
Marvin's Motivational Moments actually started as something that was actually therapeutic for me. I would sit up late at night after my wife passed trying to adjust to being alone.
In the African-American community, we struggle with a lot of health problems that have a lot to do with our diet.
I have been singing gospel music since I was four years old.
We live in a world full of people who are ready to be uplifted.
I understand now that God trusts me enough to give me three kids - Marvin Jr., Mikaila and Madisson - who totally depend on me. They know I'm going to be there for them no matter what.
Some men don't have the opportunity to be the type of father they need to be, and I hope my example teaches them to step up.
The Bible tells us that we're supposed to leave an inheritance for children.
I want people to understand that tragedy and trial does not necessarily mean that you are a victim.
When my wife got sick, I didn't understand why God was doing what he was doing.
D.C. is one my largest audiences. They buy tons of records of mine in Washington, D.C.
Keep doing what you do, and people that enjoy what you do are gonna buy your music and love on you.
Being a pastor is pressure because we have to counsel people.
Entertainment and information work well together.
I tell people all the time, 'As long as my kids are doing good, I'm gonna be alright.'
I just believe that whatever I post should be my content.
I have to prioritize: father first, and then a pastor and a recording artist and entrepreneur. I try to put everything in proper perspective, and then the proper priority.
Some things you just don't get over.
I chose to sing in the church, and have never regretted it.
The best way to honor someone who has passed is to live.
Throughout my career, my family and I have fallen victim to inappropriate attempts to contact me by several unknown individuals.
