American,Entertainer
The pressure to be timely with news has increased every year.
People do want to know the personal things. How far is too far to go with personal lives?
As journalists, we keep pushing and pushing.
At these award shows, I love to see what people are going to wear.
I am actually wearing slacks on the show more than I ever have - it is now acceptable, and I like mixing it up.
I can't say I'm happy to be talking about John Ritter and his passing. In my 21 years of Entertainment Tonight, this really was one of the most shocking and sad things to have happened.
I can't think of a major story that we have broken that was incorrect. But we have had to correct some things that were false; we have had to retract things.
I honestly, sincerely love what I do.
In a lot of cases, as in Tom and Nicole's case, the tabloids were about to break the story, so they said just let the news out. And they called organizations such as ours.
It's nice to help remember somebody who really made a very positive difference in the world.
Julia Roberts is a favorite. Everybody loves her in the Hollywood community. The public adores her.
Macauley Culkin was on the show a lot. Or Haley Joe Osment.
Many have been with the show for years, and they have sources in the business, so we do know things, but until it is verified, we don't run with the story.
Martial arts just normally would not draw me to the box office.
People magazine had been around for a short period of time, but nobody had thought about putting entertainment news on a nightly basis on television.
Survivor has been such a hit, and out of that have come so many interesting stories from people that we don't see on the big screen. We have helped make them incredible celebrities.
The stars handle it very graciously. They let you know. They know how to play the game.
There are days like any normal human being where I wake up and I don't feel like going to work.
There are people who are very highly paid to cover the truth and who will protect their clients.
There are so many venues in which stars are exposed today, that we just know much more and the studios don't have the control over stars like they used to, in the 30s, 40s, and 50s.
There have been many cases in which stars have come to us first to break the news because they knew the pressure was on. They wanted to have it on the air so that they could give their honest evaluation of the situation.
There have been many times when we have not run stories because we cannot get it verified.
They had an opening. You know, it was one of those deals. I auditioned and got it in '93.
Traffic is one of the most powerful films to come out in recent years. It blew me away.
We can't laugh quite as much on camera, but we sure do on the set.
We will often talk to Liz Smith about couples and relationships because she always has an inside track, too.
