American,Actress
I decided if you're lucky enough to be alive, you should use each birthday to celebrate what your life is about.
I'm kind of a laugh junkie. It's what I appreciate in life, because life is rich and sometimes it's hard, and I really, really love to laugh and gravitate towards people who make me laugh.
It's very easy to approach a character like that - a so-called strong woman who overcomes the odds - and give a one-note performance, playing that strength alone. Strength is only one thing a person has.
I have never had any success in planning my life, really.
I'm a chameleon when it comes to languages.
Essential oils are extremely important to me.
My family didn't have money to travel, so reading was how I knew about the world. It made me hungry to have more experiences than just what I could possibly experience in Arkansas.
When you spend three months of your life doing a movie, it's important to enjoy yourself.
Life is about surviving loss.
We're all very fond of a black box in our living room that works on diminishment of images, that spoons somebody up in a very limited way. It can be a reduction at its worst.
I want women, especially young women, to create a world where your success is not based on being young.
There's a certain arrogance to an actor who will look at a script and feel like, because the words are simple, maybe they can paraphrase it and make it better.
I know this is kind of corny, but we thought about renewing our vows again because I think my mom would really love it if we did that in Arkansas, where I came from.
It's usually, my people speak to your people and then they speak around each other and trade calls for weeks.
I'd already made the decision before I'd even read it-just because it was John Sayles. Then when I read it, the themes were actually themes that have been a big part of my life.
I helped found Artists for New South Africa, but it used to be called Artists for Free South Africa. Alfre Woodard and a bunch of us started this.
Anything to do with the South resonates with me, because I'm Southern.
There's just such a premium on hurrying, and the camera is the be all and end all, and the actors had better hurry up and get it right and get it done.
I take the fact that films cost a lot of money very seriously, but once in a while to have somebody say, This is a big scene, take your time with it, is important. That's John Sayles.
It was a few days later I came out to Hollywood for a screen test, and so did a lot of other people. So, I really didn't think I would get it. I was definitely the one that was least likely to get it, because everyone else was an already established star.
I was this person with this weird last name from New York that no one had ever heard of. But my screen test I guess, according to him, was the best. So I got the part, which was incredible.
I think that we need to look hard at our beliefs and be responsible about how we speak out.
I don't know how I could plan my career.
I am lucky enough not to have to take jobs unless I love the material.
There's something inside of me that just connects or doesn't connect with the project.
I have never been able to sing in the shower, much less in front of anybody.
I did 'Philadelphia' and 'What's Eating Gilbert Grape?' at the same time. It's kind of wonderful to do it that way, because you get very hyper-focused.
I was excited to turn 60.
My mother was a gorgeous person with no vanity, but she was a really good soul.
At one point, I kind of looked in the mirror and said, 'You know, you're a mom. You're a wife. People count on you; you can't go off the deep end into this kind of crazy musical swirl.'
Hey, it's a miracle to have a career in Hollywood. But it doesn't begin to sum me up.
'Justified' had such dead-on beautiful scripts that you didn't want to mess with it.
Will Forte is such a nice, extraordinarily creative human being. Utterly fearless.
I don't want to go to just watch big huge summer movies that everybody predicts is going to be the big huge summer movie and that are all the sort of blow-them-up movies or whatever you want to call them. I think there are a lot of other people out there, too, that want an alternative.
I'm not saying it's easy, and it's definitely harder for women. Because there is definitely a double standard about gorgeous older men, and it's different for older women.
Whenever we start a new TV series, there's also a lot of question marks, and part of that is finding who you are.
My agents and managers deserve a special Emmy award for scheduling.
I've had a great time doing it - being able to say yes to a couple of amazing shows.
There's just a total boatload of crazy that goes with singing live for the first time when you're 60 years old.
I'm a late bloomer.
I have hundreds of songs.
I don't consider myself much of a singer. I'm a writer first.
I learned not to care what other people think.
I wanted a relationship like the one my mother and father had. It wasn't perfect; they had to work on it. But there was an unbelievable mutual respect.
I learned so much about life and other human beings - then about myself.
What a mother I am. I can't even make popcorn.
I know that's why I became an actress. In my dream world, I could get mad and scream and yell, and if somebody died, they got up again. In real life, I didn't dare try it.
Anytime I had a date, it was at the Sadie Hawkins Day dance.
New York had this wild beat that anybody could dance to. It was very nurturing to young people.
1977 is the year I made my first movie. Shortly after, I was offered quite nice roles in television. The general consensus among everyone was that I'd be out of my mind to do that.
I don't know if I've ever read a movie that's as strange and unpredictable and hilarious and wonderful as the stuff we're doing on 'The Last Man on Earth.' It's jaw-dropping every week when I get a script, because it goes to such strange places.
I like being part of a team.
For me, acting has often been solitary. You're all together, and then boom, you're gone.
I would like to think that in America, as time goes on, you gain freedom, not lose freedom.
Every child in America fantasizes about running wild in the White House for a few minutes.
I wasn't making any money, but I didn't feel unsuccessful because of that. You can do that in New York but not in Hollywood. In Hollywood, it is how much money you make.
I didn't work for a year and a half after 'Melvin and Howard' because all I was being offered was silly parts.
I've chosen all my films very carefully. I know that I've had better parts in some films than in others. But the films I do are the ones I want to see when I read the screenplays. I guess you can basically say that I've just done things I loved when I read them.
I don't worry when I go away for a while. I think there is a place for me. It may not be at the top of the heap. But that doesn't bother me, either. I think I will always be able to get work - which is the only thing I have ever really been interested in.
My heritage, many generations back, is Dutch and it was fun to go where nobody asked me how to pronounce my name.
I think the secret to what Jim Henson did, ultimately, is that he understood how to cut through to the... I know this sounds corny... but the child inside of you.
Acting was far from my world. I rarely saw a play. I never met a real actress; they seemed unreal.
I had two wonderful teachers: Sanford Melsner and Fred Kareman.
That's my name. I know it's difficult, and it's not pretty, but it's my name.
If you want to grow up and do what I do for a living - be an actress - my advice to you is read as much as you can.
In my business, guys may age, but it's not even a question they're valued. But women my age are supposed to disappear.
I love to play horrible, evil, mean people.
I wish sometimes people wouldn't underestimate me. But it's a fleeting wish. It's not where I live.
I actually believed if I behaved myself and if I made straight A's and if I was good enough, I could save my dad's life. And every single time he had a heart attack, I knew what I had done that caused it.
If there's an addiction in the Clinton family, it's to problem solving.
I grew up believing in Santa Claus, and we still treat our house at Christmas with a huge reverence for that belief - even though our children are 19 through 23.
You've never seen anything until you've seen David Mamet be an Edwardian lady. He always conveys what he means, but he's so... masculine.
Writing is essentially an internal process.
There's a grace about the South and a toughness about it, too.
I'm real strong, and I'm also real feminine, and I don't find a struggle having those two things under one roof.
Ultimately, there are only two emotions: love and fear. And pretty much anything else you want to name can be broken down into one of those.
You don't get to make Westerns every day.
I loved Westerns for different reasons as an adult. It is not only our only native brand of storytelling - the only one that's not influenced by Europeans and not something that's done better by the French - but I also love the sensuality of the Western. The sights, sounds, and smell of a Western are very exciting.
There's a style to doing period pieces, and you can't do a Western without understanding 'My Darling Clementine.'
A period piece is a great opportunity for an actress. I love acting because I love to pretend, and when you're doing a period piece, then even the time you're in is pretend, so there's that much more to play with.
I couldn't imagine trying anything else besides acting. But I didn't know that to make it meant I'd be on a movie screen.
I didn't work for a couple of years after the Oscar because everybody kept offering me bad versions of Lynda Dummar.
There's no strategy involved in my career decisions. I do whatever roles make my heart beat faster.
