American,Actress
I love getting amazing jackets, because you can wear your pajamas underneath and everyone's like, 'Oh, fabulous jacket,' and I'm like, 'You should see what's underneath!'
How can you be organized when you're in Times Square?
There are just some really beautiful people in the world. When you're walking down the street, or you're at a restaurant, someone catches your eye because they have their own look. It goes way beyond what they're wearing - into their mannerisms, the way they smile, or just the way they hold themselves.
I like to go to parties where I know everyone. How are you going to have fun with people you don't know?
We have been roommates our entire lives. We just bought a place together.
I want to go to culinary school because I love cooking. One day I'd love to open up a restaurant or cafe.
I look at old photos of me, and I don't feel connected to them at all.
When I was younger, on weekends, my mom would make us pancakes with our initials on them and then a tiny cup of coffee. I remember at 10 sneaking my own coffee and pouring a ton of sugar in and going up to the playroom and drinking it.
I am a really bad test taker. I can get straight As in school, but I get nervous on test.
We kinda look at this as the second or third chapter of our lives. After college, most people figure out what they want to do with their lives. But we already know what we want to do in the future and that is to continue to further our business goals.
I love to play games. I really like football, and I also like to ride horses.
If they're going to write a story they're going to write the story whether it's true or not.
I wear weird things sometimes. I like to drink coffee. Neither of those things have anything to do with who I am.
When you're walking down the street, or you're at a restaurant, someone catches your eye because they have their own look. It goes way beyond what they're wearing - into their mannerisms, the way they smile, or just the way they hold themselves.
I was never challenged when it came to acting as a youngster. I sort of just did whatever was given to me without asking questions. I didn't really understand why I enjoyed it or why I did it.
Me and Ashley feel like we're totally different.
I get extra time to take the test because of my ADD. Everybody's brains works differently and I just need longer for things to register.
We've played producers almost our entire lives in everything else we've created. But when working on a feature and even dealing with something like Warner Bros. or another production company, or other details that you can worry about - we definitely learned a lot.
I learned how to play the drums. When we were in pre-production, when we were still in LA, I had a couple of drum lessons and then some in Toronto. I got the one beat down and that was it.
We were always surrounded by people who knew us very well and cared about us.
We've read scripts, and I think right now we are just focusing in on school.
I think we have the same goals in mind. We are not planning on just all of a sudden taking a film and separating. Hopefully one day she can direct me in something, or I will direct her. Or we'll produce a movie under our company's name.
Any time that we have time to take off, we love being home.
We played soccer a lot with our friends and at school. We weren't on an official team or anything, but we'd definitely be up for it in gym or in after-school pickup games where we live.
Australia is so cool that it's hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful; so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago.
Our career is a dream. I mean, we get to act, travel around the world, and meet cool people. What's not to love!
I run around my house naked with heels all the time. It's so funny.
