American,Musician
I know who I am. I am not perfect. I'm not the most beautiful woman in the world. But I'm one of them.
There's so many things that life is, and no matter how many breakthroughs, trials will exist and we're going to get through it. Just be strong.
You can't get around pain and opposition, but you can try to be joyful in the trial, and thank yourself for the trial, and thank God for the strength to get through it.
My journey continues, because I've, you know, conquered a lot. And I know how to conquer the rest.
When you hold on to anger and unforgiveness, you can't move forward.
God comes first - if I don't love him, I can't love anybody, and if I can't love me I can't love nobody.
You can look at my palm and see the storm coming. Read the book of my life and see I've overcome it.
There's not enough time to be disrespecting... Life is too short.
I don't know. Only God knows where the story ends for me, but I know where the story begins. It's up to us to choose, whether we win or lose and I choose to win.
Believe in yourself when nobody else does.
Really, every woman is an example to me, because as women we go through so much pain. We have to live this perfect life when we are messed up inside. We all go through trials and tribulations.
It hurts when you have to smile and you don't want to smile, but the best thing to do is to smile.
So as long as I'm a human being and I'm not perfect, I'm able to say I'm having some growing pains. Because in order to sustain where you are once you made such a breakthrough that everyone is looking at you, now everyone is like, 'Ooh, is she gonna make a mistake?' Yes, I'm going to make a mistake. Yes, I'm still gonna do things.
You can hate me. You can go out there and say anything you want about me, But you will love me later because I told you the truth.
You demand respect and you'll get it. First of all, you give respect.
For the first time in my life, I'm proud of myself.
I can have as many bad days as anyone. But I choose to say, 'I'm just fine.'
I wish I had known that education is the key. That knowledge is power. Now I pick up books and watch educational shows with my husband. I'm seeing how knowledge can elevate you.
In the inner city, there's a mentality that the government owes you something. My breakthrough came when I stopped feeling sorry for myself and took responsibility for every part of my life. No more pity parties. I've gotta love me more than anybody else loves me.
I used to think I was ugly. I thought I looked like a camel. A person who doesn't love themselves, they will see anything that pops up on their face. I've seen squirrels, I've seen a bird, and I've seen all kinds of animals on my face. But that is the result of self-hate. I've learned to say: 'You know what? I am a beautiful black woman'.
When I was a child I didn't care about getting an education, and I didn't finish high school.
It's not just songs and glamour. It's sweat, blood, broken toes, and mistakes... It's life.
When you wake up and learn to love yourself and want to take care of yourself, things are harder because people don't like the idea of it. But when you get in trouble, it gives people things to talk about.
Just don't let the hype of what people are saying and how much they love you, y'know, just take the compliment and be thankful that people are complimenting you, but don't let it consume you; don't let your circumstances around you and the way people view you make you act a certain way.
My main exercise is cardio. The treadmill is fine, but running outdoors gives me the best results. I try to log 6 to 8 miles a week. I could be in the worst mood, but when I do my cardio, I feel much, much better.
The music business is not a good place for people who don't know things.
I listen to gospel music.
My first album is playful.
Music makes us want to live. You don't know how many times people have told me that they'd been down and depressed and just wanted to die. But then a special song caught their ear and that helped give them renewed strength. That's the power music has.
Thank you so much for supporting me from the day I stepped foot into the music industry. It really means something to me to have Maya Angelou speak on my behalf. It also means a lot to have Oprah on my speed dial!
I remember a time when all my fans were crying and sad and going through hell. Now, we're trying to uplift each other and accept ourselves for who we are, even if nobody else does.
I don't think I'll do foster care or adopt, to be quite honest.
It was only for two years, and I jumped from family to family. It's very scary.
I didn't never have to go to a therapist. I just always put it in a song and you heard me.
I can tell you I didn't feel good when I could not articulate properly. Getting my GED was important and I want other women to feel that.
I wouldn't adopt, but what I will do is give my time and go and try to be there for people.
You know a lot, but you don't know everything.
It's OK showing yourself some love.
As a child I always wanted to be a singer. The music my mother played in the house moved me - Aretha Franklin, Chaka Khan, Mahalia Jackson. It was truly spiritual. It made you understand what God was. We are all spirits. We get depressed. But music makes you want to live. I know my music has saved my life.
I was inspired to create 'My Life' so I could finally share a personal part of my life beyond my music.
I do consider myself part of black history.
'My Life' is soft, with notes of pear and gardenia, but still bold, with a woody base.
I wish I had an extra day with my mom sometimes. Or another hour in the day with my family, husband and children.
I can see the music. I know what it looks like. I know what color it is. The words come easy, the tears come easy, and the joy comes easy. The music tells you what to do.
I'm on my way to a place where I'd never dreamed I'd be, and that's perfection.
I'm striving toward this acting thing. I'm definitely gonna work hard on that, whatever comes my way, I'm gonna work hard on it.
I've just been growing right along. It's painful, but it's a great pain, and I like suffering for great results. It's like going to the gym. It hurts really bad at first, but after a couple of months and after that diet, you're looking so hot.
I don't know what kind of God the rest of y'all are serving, but the God I serve says, 'Mary, you need to be the hottest thing this year, and I'm gonna make sure you're doing that.'
I've never been a mean person.
I don't listen to people's opinions. I have people around me who I can trust, but most of all I listen to myself.
There are people out there who want to provoke me and bring back the old Mary but I'm not giving them the satisfaction.
I care about me now. When I didn't care about me, I was, like, 'Why is this going wrong? Why is my life so bad?' But when you don't care about yourself, nobody else is going to care about you. So I learned to love myself, even if nobody else does.
When I was a kid, I needed to sing because it makes me feel good about myself. It makes me feel good, period.
Yonkers made me strong and made me believe in myself, because so many people would doubt you and not believe. There are people that would believe in you, but the environment was so harsh, nobody wanted you to get out, you know?
As a kid, I dreamed about being onstage.
I'm a child of God. God is my mommy, my daddy. That's the only thing that'll keep my head up. If I don't remember who I am in him, I'm done.
I'm a singer who thinks like a rapper.
I'm from the element of the streets that says that once you've made it, it's yours. But keep it to yourself.
Everything is scary if you look at it. So you just got to live.
Don't give up, be positive and if you know someone who knows someone at a record company don't stop beating down their door till you get heard. Don't ever say it'll never happen or it'll never happen.
When I was little, like 7 to 15, there was nothing I wanted to do but go to church and go to school.
Even if you feel someone has wronged you or owes you something, no one is going to give you anything for free.
No one intimidates me because I'm not trying to do what you do, because I can't do what you do. I can only do what Mary J. Blige can do, so that relaxes me right there, and it gets me out of the competition and that whole thing.
I've done well, I've been disappointed, and I think it all goes back to you. Of course the labels are going to be the labels. It's the music business. You are a business. That's what they do. So you've got to protect yourself.
If I'm going to be the best in what I do, I have to study what I'm doing, I have to see what I'm doing. I have to see it, I have to hear it. I'm just starting to appreciate myself - not starting, but appreciating myself in a way where I can look at myself back in a movie or listen to myself as much as I do now.
Nowadays, with the state of the music business, for any artist, whether you're up-and-coming or you've been in it for awhile, you have to explore different revenues and different ways of expressing yourself.
I can go out raw with nothing, and my fans would still be happy, but I feel that I owe it to them to give them almost like a Broadway musical at this point in my life. I have to give them something more, so I do have to think of different ways to do it.
Music is where my love is. I don't think the acting thing is going to start outweighing that, but I think it's going to start being a good chunk of something I want to do.
I believe there should be no more drama, but it's everywhere you go. It's just about how you get out. You've gotta bob and weave because it's everywhere. How do I keep the drama low? It's about using your head.
I truly enjoy Bono. I think he is an amazing person; I love him.
I suffered from self hatred so much. It's like I didn't want to look like that any more. I didn't to feel like that any more. It had to be another way.
I hated myself for so many reasons, and I thought so many things were my fault that happened to me growing up.
I've been a tomboy my whole life. But then you get older, you get married, you soften up.
When you tell your truth, you are coming from a real place, so you are automatically a leader.
If you're not confident in yourself, you're going to waver. I've wavered, and I've lost.
By the time I was a teenager, when I went outside the house, it was about hip-hop all the time. Nothing but hip-hop, block parties.
I don't have any health problems, but to keep your health improves your quality of life.
Without your health, everything else means nothing.
I just love food, period.
When someone comes up to me and says, 'Mary, you helped save my marriage', or, 'Mary, you helped me get out of this abusive relationship', I'm in it, really in their lives. And I'm so passionate about my feelings, but also about showing people the way through theirs.
As long as I live, I know I'll have feelings. And that's what I'm passionate about.
I never do any album to beat it. I do it to extend it.
If we didn't have understanding of our journey, we wouldn't be able to go on. We'd be stuck, like, 'Why me?'
I just want fans to walk away knowing that no matter what's going on, no matter how happy you are, no matter how sad you are, we did it. We're strong in this. We've come a long way, and life is not just one thing.
I started speaking about what I was dealing with through my music, and 4 million women responded and said, 'Us too, Mary.' And I didn't know that everyone was hurting like I was hurting. I had no idea.
The younger Mary J. Blige, I would call her, she was very unaware, ignorant.
This music business can suck all the love out of you, all the compassion for people - you can start to think you're better than them. But I want to continue to let people know that I'm no better and no worse, I'm just like you.
When you come from so many damaged places you don't ever want to spiral back there, so you gotta continue to check yourself.
People know what they see but they don't know what's happening inside. If you want to know who you are and how you feel about yourself, take a look at your environment.
Two hurt people can not help each other. They can not.
I had to learn how to trust my gut. Trust what I know to be right... not right, but not waver on who I am. Know who I am, know what I want, and know it. Not waver on it and be secure in that. And I still struggle with it. But I really... I can't be moved. You can't move me, and that all comes with loving myself, and I'm like my best buddy.
I like hanging out with me, and I've accepted everything about me good, bad whatever it is. That's why I'm able to, that's why no one can tell me anything negative about myself.
From being a little girl in the projects, going through all of the mess that I was going through, to ending up at the Inauguration for the first African-American president, I'm speechless right now because I never thought I'd - I never ever - I couldn't even see that far. Even when I ended up in the music business, I couldn't see that.
Larry David makes me laugh.
When life is real, it's not going to be smooth.
I can't just make a song people can dance in a club to... it still has to be real.
It hurts a lot when you cannot really comprehend what a person is saying in a meeting, or you don't even understand what you're reading in your contract.
When you finally understand who you are, ages 6 through 60 will understand who you are. Because when they see a person that's come through all that I've come through, still standing, it's amazing.
So many people are like, 'I'm perfect.' I'm so imperfect; that's why I'm able to let everything out and let people see everything. 'Cause I'm just a mess like every other person that's a mess out there.
As a kid, I was in love with Michael Jackson, and I just knew I was going to marry him someday.
Growing up, I was the preferred hairstylist for all of my friends.
I still get nervous about singing. I drink tea with honey and lemon before every concert. And I need to have scented candles in all of my hotel rooms.
I think women should band together to get us more respect in all the businesses that we're in because, you know, if we turn 40, we're nothing and nobody. We all should band together and just say we're not gonna go down like that.
