American,Actress
It's good to feel stupid sometimes and do things that are out of your comfort zone.
People have a problem with me being different, but that propels me forward in life.
I certainly was never the pretty girl at school, but I can go to a lot of different places with this face.
Words are really powerful. I don't believe that axiom at all - words can absolutely hurt you. Words can wound. They can do a lot of damage. I think they can do way more damage than sticks and stones. I'll take sticks and stones.
I never feel more useful than when I'm making my kids a bowl of soup.
In college, my teachers were usually after me for going after comedy too much, leaning too much in that direction.
My mother is a beauty.
Mediocrity is underrated.
I don't get tired of hearing that somebody liked my work.
I like to pretend that I'm a tough guy. It's kind of an admission of defeat if I have to ask for help - or even kindness. But if it doesn't come, at some point I snap and demand it.
I never know why people come up to me. I think a lot of them just get super-excited because they recognize me from TV but they don't remember where.
I don't think you necessarily have to be part of a traditional nuclear family to be a good mother.
Look, I don't care if anyone likes me when it comes to my work. But I can be massively insecure in other parts of my life.
I like A&E. I like those corny intimate-portrait things. They're so kind of ingenious and artificial and soothing.
My parents have been together for 65 years. They're both really stubborn. They're not quitters.
My way to combat anything is just to walk straight into it with my fists up.
The theater is who I am - it's where I feel the most inspired, the most at home, the most useful.
My sister's fish tacos are out of control. I'd give her a restaurant if I were a gazillionaire.
I don't really ever think about whether or not I like the characters I'm playing. I'm more into the minutiae of their behaviour or what they're doing in a certain scene.
I don't live in Los Angeles and I don't do a lot of superfluous press.
I don't put myself out there, so people aren't necessarily familiar with me or my face.
I have a child and I don't want to be at work all the time when he's small. I want to spend time with him.
I have to say, I haven't really worked with that many people in my career that I haven't liked, which I think is really rare.
My favorite scene in all of movies is Gregory Peck in 'To Kill A Mockingbird': You see him where he's on the porch, and his face is almost completely obscured. I don't want to see his face.
I don't often see the movies I'm in; I'm usually disappointed in myself and it only serves to make me self-conscious.
I'm not comfortable with getting a job by being at the right Hollywood party; I'm not a terribly sociable creature.
