American,Actor
Sure, I can get a little bit jealous. The good part about jealousy is that it comes from passion. It's also the dangerous part and it's an ugly emotion that hurts.
Man who invented the hamburger was smart; man who invented the cheeseburger was a genius.
There's a difference in thinking you are a champion and knowing that you are.
My life is the road, man. I need to keep moving.
I go on The Daily Beast. The Daily Beast is one of the websites that I check out.
There aren't many things that are universally cool, and it's cool not to litter. I'd never do it.
When you have good friends you've been around, every time they talk, you don't give them your full attention. You don't look them in the eye and stop. Half the time, you're listening, half the time, you are ignoring them.
The best advice comes from people who don't give advice.
Now, you lose something in your life, or you come into a conflict, and there's gonna come a time that you're gonna know: There was a reason for that. And at the end of your life, all the things you thought were periods, they turn out to be commas. There was never a full stop in any of it.
Life is a series of commas, not periods.
I'm one of the most adaptable guys I know in as much as travelling is my favourite thing to do in life. With every place I go, I try to stay there long enough to do it justice, long enough so that I can at least imagine what it would be like to live there. Once I imagine that, then it's OK for me to return home.
There's two sorts of fear: one you embrace and one you should listen to and turn the other way.
There's a gap between what I want to do, what I do on camera, and what gets edited. Right? So the goal is to try and close the gaps. What's the biggest compliment is if I read a review and it's exactly what I wrote down in my diary before ever filming it. That's really cool. That's the biggest signifier of closing the gaps.
I'm a football fan, a sports fan, a fan of competition.
When someone bestows something on you, no matter how true it is, when someone says, 'Sexiest Man Alive,' I'm honestly going, 'Thank you. Right on.' For me, it's never canceled out anything, it's never made me go, 'Does this make me less talented of an actor?'
The challenge for me as an actor is if you become a celebrity, you don't meet strangers anymore. And strangers are where we have our anonymity. And I believe it's essential for the soul to be anonymous, especially if you're going to be an actor.
I love Los Angeles, and it's been very good to me, but if everyone is running around telling the stories, who's living them? You don't play characters that are celebrities - you play guys who know what to do when their septic tank's blocked.
Starting at about, I guess, forever, I've always looked forward to getting older. When I was 14, I couldn't wait to be 16 and get a driver's license.
I have some good friends of my own who happen to be gay, and when it comes to gay, straight, or whatever, I'm for anything life-affirmative. I'm for gay power, straight power, male power, female power; everybody should feel empowered without oppressing anyone who's different.
I'm a golfer, and what are the two sports you can do till you drop? Golf and surfing. They're great for you limber-wise, they're great for you health-wise, and they put you in sweet locations.
Even as a kid, I wore J.C. Penney plain-pocket jeans because they were plain pockets. I didn't want anybody's name on my backside. I personally don't like to wear clothing that is named for somebody or has someone's likeness all over it.
We dissect failure a lot more than we dissect success.
I love having my hands in the dirt. It is never a science and always an art. There are no rules. And if it comes down to me versus that weed I'm trying to pull out of the ground that doesn't want to come out? I know I'll win.
Whether I'm running on the beach without my shirt or whether I'm going out with my kids or going to church or going out to dinner - I don't choose to insulate myself in engaging in real life. Hence, the public kind of almost knows me as much through my real life that they see through the rag mags.
My last name is originally Irish. I'm not exactly sure whereabouts it's from, but I've got family branches that were traced back there.
I like quips. I like whiffs of cynicism and I think they can be witty. But I don't really know where wittiness is constructive.
For me, one of the toughest things about Valentine's Day is that it gets geared up as the day to profess your love. See, T-E-S-T - that's a bad word that doesn't go with L-O-V-E.
I have my own vocabulary. I love linguistics. That surprises people.
Water's never clumsy.
I think the discipline comes with turning that cellphone and Blackberry off and unplugging completely. You do that and you go through some withdrawals in the beginning. You start thinking, 'Oh, do I need to do this? Do I need to do that?' You forget that we were doing just fine with the payphone.
One of the great pleasures of going to see a Daniel Day-Lewis film: you haven't seen him in five years. Where have you been? So, it's a special event, right? Well, if you want to go see a movie that I'm in, it still may be a special event for you, but, you don't feel like you don't know where I've been.
Romcoms are hard in a lot of ways: they're built to be buoyant. It's easy to demean them.
Absolutely not. I have no problem with commitment. In fact, I love having someone in my life.
In whatever adulation you get, there's truth and there's not truth. And wherever they dog you, and they say it was horrible - there's truth and there's not truth. It's human nature to like to read the adulation more.
You want to be a writer? Start writing. You want to be a filmmaker? Start shooting stuff on your phone right now.
I don't dabble and spend much mind or time dealing with, I don't know, people's perceptions of me. I truly don't.
Any artist, the work you do, if it's a painting or if it's a performance, you hope it translates to a common denominator with the people that they see something in their own life in there. Or they see something in somebody else's life. That's what's fun about sharing art.
I will say this: one of the things that is a pain when you're expecting children is how much advice unsolicited people give you when you're not asking for it.
My lawyer has been a good friend of mine for a long time. He and I continuously have conversations.
See, 'A Time to Kill' was the one I got famous off of. Big ka-boom, over one weekend. After that, I did films that I really wanted to do.
When I see grace in a woman, that's very sexy. You can tell by how someone moves or their rhythm.
I like having my hands in the clay. I like the movie-making process.
I've never been a manipulator, even in my bachelor days. I never wanted to do things to people that could catch up with me later on.
I think most defense attorneys know, to some extent, their clients are guilty.
I don't dislike any of my exes. If I took time to form a relationship, it's gonna hurt when we move on, but are you puttin' White-Out over all that beautiful time together? That was real time in your life. It's connected to where you are today.
Music is a really great creative tool for me, for different roles.
I've done films where we don't rehearse, and I've done films where we heavily rehearse. I like rehearsals.
My number one thing? Don't overleverage yourself. Don't say you can do something when you really can't.
I've got a great sense of humor, and if I'm able to say or do something in a movie that people feel like they want to repeat, that's hugely flattering.
My whole family are hams. They're storytellers and everyone outdoes the next one.
I love good film, whether it's an independent or studio film. The independent films, I think the good ones aren't necessarily eccentric ones but they're the more specific ones.
I've read a lot of really great characters in some really crappy stories, where I said, like, 'Boy I could shine here, but the story sucks.' I don't want to be part of that.
The unsaid rule for living in a trailer park is: 'If the door's shut, don't come a-knockin.' But if it's open and you're walkin' by, feel free to say, 'Hello.'
Vanity is great motivation, to be fair.
I personally don't like to go see romantic comedies. But people do want to see them, and they seem to want to see me in them.
A coach, especially at a college level - much more at a college or high school level, than at a pro level - you're more of a teacher than an actual coach.
When I'm surfing, I'm sure not thinking about the paparazzi. I guess if they start getting on floaties and coming out there in the water, then I might be a little upset.
I like to be able to wear something that is appropriate for wherever the day takes me: to work, on a hike and then out to dinner. I like to take the formality out of the day's schedule and be ready for any off-road detour.
I've been in a couple of weddings where the coolest people that were the most day before so mellow and then the day of the wedding freaking out.
Without exercise, I don't feel like my head works right.
I like a good pair of jeans, but I also like putting on a nice tux. I'd rather go around in a good pair of jeans that you don't wash every day, because they get more and more comfortable.
To bring a healthy child into this world, raise them right and watch them grow is the biggest miracle there is.
I've got incredible support from my wife and family and people around me. I've got great people around me who handle anything on the outside, business-wise, who help free me up to create in my job.
Cameras aren't guns. They can't really hurt you.
What the heck is true love? I remember feeling, back when I was 12 and 'going' with this girl, 'Is this true love?'
