American,Politician
While it may seem small, the ripple effects of small things is extraordinary.
I would encourage you: be informed - knowledge is power.
There are quite enough sheep already - be a shepherd: be somebody who's bold and who leads.
There is going to have to be austerity in the state of Kentucky.
People aren't suckers. Some are, perhaps. But most people inside know when we're being lied to.
I have nine children. It breaks my heart to think that it might be their blood is needed to redeem something, to reclaim something that we, through our apathy and our indifference, have given away.
Who are we to think that our generation is going to be the first generation to benefit from all the sacrifices that others have made without giving some modern-day equivalent of our own lives, fortunes, and sacred honor?
I think we will be safer when we can concentrate law enforcement and criminal justice resources and energies on those individuals who truly need, for the safety of society... to be incarcerated.
I believe in forgiveness, I believe in second chances, and I believe we should find a way to restore the Second Amendment rights to people who are qualified and have shown themselves qualified to have those rights restored to them.
You can't punch people in the face, punch people in the face, punch people in the face, and ask them to have tea and crumpets with you and think it's all good. Life doesn't work that way.
I have no favors to pay back.
Donald Trump is an interesting fellow.
Liberals are good at catchphrases, but there's no substance behind them.
Everybody is welcome to come to dinner, but there's going to be the adult table and the kids' table. Whiny people who want to throw food and make noise and interrupt and be rude and act like children, they can sit at the kids' table.
As Governor, I will direct my Secretary of the Cabinet for Health and Family Services not to distribute federal taxpayer dollars from that department to Planned Parenthood clinics.
I have no tax delinquency problem, nor have I ever.
The fact is the American people want men and women to stand up and represent them and to put their interests ahead of the party interests.
Too many of the career politicians, the established politicians in Washington on both sides of the aisle, are representing their party more than the people. And no matter what the media says, the ballot box will determine what people truly believe.
I'll listen to the people. I will not put my party ahead of what the people want.
I am a believer in smaller government, limited government, less regulation, less taxes, because I think to have more of those things, we suffocate the entrepreneurial spirit of this nation.
I want us to be able to fight ideologically, mentally, spiritually, economically, so that we don't have to do it physically.
We cannot be complacent about the determination of radical Islamic extremists to destroy our freedoms.
America is worth fighting for ideologically.
When I have people like Planned Parenthood intentionally not following the law, that's where the state will be involved.
Be bold - there's enough Neville Chamberlains in the world; be a Winston Churchill, for crying out loud!
It is important never to forget our history, but parts of our history are more appropriately displayed in museums, not on government property.
There are no taxes that are unpaid, nor were there any taxes that I was responsible for that didn't get paid.
There is no one in America more qualified to talk about bailouts than Mitch McConnell.
Have you ever been offered a job by a poor person? No one has.
I always said... I want to be the one who creates jobs. I want to be the guy who develops the wealth of the nation.
I like Ben Carson.
There are stark, stark contrasts between myself and Jack Conway.
There's not one person in this state who believes they are going to have a job in my administration... There's not one person who I've promised anything to.
I don't care if it's a dollar or two dollars. If I'm governor, people should have skin in the game.
The fact that we have one out of four people in this state on Medicaid is unsustainable; it's unaffordable, and we need to create jobs in this state, not more government programs to cover people.
It's nonsense. If, in fact, putting one out of four people in the state of Kentucky on Medicaid created 12,000 jobs and $30 billion in economic prosperity, why wouldn't we put every single person in the state of Kentucky on Medicaid? We'd create 48,000 jobs by that logic and $120 billion worth of economic advantage.
Kentucky HEALTH will allow us to continue to provide expanded Medicaid coverage. But unlike the current Medicaid expansion under Obamacare, it will do so in a fiscally responsible manner that ensures better health outcomes for recipients.
I have nine children. Four of my children are adopted. We talk about those who have nothing. My children started with nothing, some of them.
Look at the decisions I've made in my life personally. To paint the picture intentionally that I don't believe in, that I'm not a supporter of, that I'm not an advocate of early childhood education is a mistruth. It's an absolute and outright lie, and to continue to perpetuate it is irresponsible.
We need education across the board on all fronts.
I have 9 children; I'm a big believer in childhood education, but we've got to be smart about getting a good return on the investment of those dollars.
We're in Kentucky, dude. How many variations of Bevin are there? Many. Bevins, Blevins, Belvin, Belvins, I'm sure. Or Bevin even with an -eavin or... Bivin or Bivins. And we're probably all cousins if you go back far enough.
It's a question of whether or not we the people are still in charge. And by 'we the people,' I mean, is this truly a government of and by and for the people.
Is it average Joes like ourselves who go to the ballot box and truly decide who are going to be the leaders, not only of their party - of their government - at the local, at the state, at the federal level? Is that really who's still in charge?
Is it going to be the people of Kentucky who decides who their senator's going to be, or is it going to be Mitch McConnell saying, 'This is my protege Trey; this is who your next senator's going to be.'?
People are hungry for someone who is real. They are hungry for something that is not the same plastic nonsense that has cause us to have such little respect for our political process and our political officials.
