American,Entertainer
Good government only happens when the people working in it do their jobs, and do them well.
No salesman can ever guarantee you a grant from any government or non-profit organization.
Not offering this kind of guarantee means that they do not believe in their product enough, and they do not care about if a salesman is over promising or over selling their product.
A big part of finding the right resources is knowing what to look for and what to avoid.
There are thousands of grant programs and every program has different requirements and deadlines.
A degree of lying - you know, white lies - seems to be inherent in all languages and all forms of communication.
An estimated 2 million American women will be diagnosed with breast or cervical cancer this decade and screening could prevent up to 30% of these deaths for women over 40.
Anyone can make anyone else look bad if they really want to pull things apart enough.
As I've said before, free money scams are a problem.
Government workers often get a bad rap, but it's rare for them to receive much appreciation when government works.
I am providing a service that many people obviously value.
I can't help thinking if she - the director of a government agency - is this ignorant about what funding is available and where the money comes from - how often lower-level bureaucrats must give wrong answers when people are looking for help to start a business.
I've been bragging for over 25 years that my first New York Times bestseller was a book I copied from the U.S. Government Printing Office!
I've been giving free money seminars for the troops at Walter Reed Hospital and one of the Iraqi War Vets realized that the military wouldn't pay for the dental work he needed.
I've been talking about the centrality of libraries in our information society for a while now.
I've done a dozen or two dozen infomercials.
If the government did a good job of publicizing this information, my products wouldn't sell.
Liberals like using government to solve problems in OUR country and conservatives are using our government to solve problems in OTHER countries.
Many of you might already recognize me as the guy in the question-mark suits appearing in the late night TV commercials and on the cover of educational books and CDs.
Many scammers are only using personal checks for payment because they can take the money and run.
Most every dental school has discount dental services.
My business has doubled in ways I couldn't have imagined.
One of the worst things to come out of the Consumer Protection Board's misleading claims is the impression that government resources are to hard to get and just aren't available for regular people like you and I.
So if there is a government grant offered for anything, like starting a business or going to school, they cannot discriminate because of your age.
Some of the best health care services are free or cost very little and are even available to millionaires but hardly anyone knows they exist.
Teachers can go on cruises with the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration and anyone can spend the summer as a volunteer in a National Parks and even earn money doing it.
