American,Politician
At some point, if you don't take care of the roads today, it's like any other maintenance issue: you're going to end up paying a lot more down the road.
No state should have to endure the threat of terrorists entering our borders.
You have to recognize what the markets are doing, what the rules and regulations are doing, and all the more reasons that we've got to find some more solutions in particular with coal.
If you want improvements in coal, you've got to keep people in the business.
As a continent, I think there are opportunities for Asia to accept imports of Wyoming coal.
We don't want to leave the coal in the ground, and that necessarily is going to involve better technology with regard to clean uses of coal.
Great teachers should be rewarded.
Connectivity is important to our state, including the opportunity for our citizens to see our legislative process at work.
I want to recognize and thank all Guard members for their service. It means so much to our state and our country.
The sacrifice of the brave men and women of the military and their families allows us to be safe, and we are grateful.
The advancement of coal research will benefit Wyoming, its people, and the coal industry. I fully support it.
Australia exports millions of tons of coal each year to Asian markets. These same countries are interested in Wyoming coal. I look forward to visiting and seeing a vibrant coal port to better understand the benefits and challenges associated with this method of export.
Science changes, and it's odd to me that scientists say, 'Never be skeptical,' because it was in the mid-'70s when they were saying we're sunk because we're going to have global climate cooling.
We have been very blessed for many, many years to have the energy industry here in Wyoming.
We will see if the situation with the Affordable Care Act ever rights itself or is improved upon.
I didn't vote for President Obama, but I think he is our president, and I like and dislike decisions of any president in office.
We need to recognize our agreements and disagreements with whomever is chosen as president, but we can't continue to just stall out in Washington just because it's not who I voted for. We have still an obligation and duty to challenge and to work through.
I'm in politics, but I'm not an expert in politics.
We've got to make sure that we have the workers of tomorrow.
To shut off coal, or to say you can't have further coal development, I think is the wrong way to go.
In terms of energy sectors, we need coal; we need oil; we need gas; we need uranium. And we need to have rules and regulations that allow those companies to stay in business.
If you have the wind farms but no transmission, you just have things blowing in the wind.
Coal is a big deal here in Wyoming.
Anytime you're saying that a person will be thinking one way or another or biased one way or another just based upon race, I just think it's certainly going to be subject to that criticism of racism.
We are proudly a gun state and respect the Second Amendment.
I've got an extreme bias toward governors... they know what it's like to make hard decisions. They know what it's like to actually balance a budget - have a budget, first of all, and have a balanced budget.
