American,Politician
We won't sit idly by when a crime is committed in the real world. So why should we when it happens in cyber space?
We Montanans take pride in our low crime rate and believe honest people can disagree without being disagreeable. Maybe extremist groups believe they can find a home in Montana because of our easygoing ways.
A lot of America is stressed by Mother Nature.
We strongly believe that individual advocates play an important role in developing a civil society.
Protecting basic rights such as freedom of expression enhances social stability.
I believe strongly that the opportunity is here for us in America to finally have a healthcare system that we can really be proud of. But it's got to be one where everybody is involved. Everybody: consumers, employers, providers, health-insurance companies, everybody.
I don't want retired schoolteachers or any other good Americans to be duped by fraudulent organizations into giving money, thinking it is going to go to disabled vets, when in fact it's not at all. It's going in to pad the pockets of some scam artists. I want to stop this stuff.
The Framers of the Constitution wisely understood that constitutional principles must not be sacrificed on the altar of political appeasement.
You can't operate by hindsight.
I know the problem of obesity. I got to tell you, I think that's tepid. I just don't think the bully pulpit is going to be enough to sufficiently fight obesity. We're going to have to have incentives in here.
The U.S.-China relationship is one of the most important bilateral relationships in the world.
The Social Security trust fund is in pretty good shape today and we should not embark upon risky, dangerous schemes which will, in fact, undermine Social Security, such as privatization.
Privatizing Social Security will take dollars out of young folks' pockets.
The Senate is a remarkable institution. It is unique. There is no other body, no other political body, no other democratic legislature in the world quite like the U.S. Senate.
It is pretty hard to find the right result to a controversial issue.
I think I can speak for every Senator, saying that he or she ran for the Senate because we want to help make this a better place; that is, we want to help our States and help America.
Global overcapacity in steel production can no longer be ignored. Foreign governments' intervention in steel markets has had a devastating impact on the U.S. industry.
Now is not the time to open the border to receive Canadian beef down to the United States.
The administration's attempt to keep us from selling agricultural products to Cuba is an outrage. Cuba is not a threat. That is why we must do more to open Cuba - not less.
There are significant human rights abuses in China. In some areas, the situation is worse today than in the past. In other areas, there have been improvements. We will recognize the latter, and be critical of the former.
I'm inclined to vote for Roberts unless something else comes up. It's a close call.
If I were the president, I would be very concerned... and I would do what was reasonably necessary to find a way to get my people confirmed.
In this ever-changing world, it's more important than ever that our top-notch military continues to receive the resources needed to serve and protect our country.
Judge Roberts has assured me personally that he has a healthy respect for precedent and the hard-won rights of Americans.
The recovery of the Gulf Coast region will take years to complete.
You're entitled to Medicaid regardless of your income. Don't worry about your health care.
I think that the level playing field is so unlevel - it is tilted so much in favor of Chinese companies - that it's time for the United States to do a little bit more, see.
My basic advice to the Chinese with respect to the South China Sea is, 'Hey, guys, cool it.'
Failure to pass TPP sends a big signal. The United States is backing off, backing away. That will create a huge void here.
Cyber-enabled theft of trade secrets by state actors in China has emerged as a major threat to our economic and, thus, national security.
I'm no real expert on China.
It is my strong belief that the Chinese people are just as proud as we Americans are proud.
I have learned some core lessons along the way. Among the most important, I have become a firm believer that a strong geopolitical relationship can be born out of a strong economic relationship, which often begins with trade.
Trade and investment have come to be the foundation, the ballast, of the U.S.-China relationship, providing great stability.
I'm a very proud Democrat, but I also like results.
It's an honor to be presented with an opportunity to follow in the footsteps of my mentor, Mike Mansfield, who worked to strengthen and improve America's important relationships throughout Asia.
