American,Actress
To have your childhood dream realized is a really big deal.
To grow up with the loss of your mother is a scar that never goes away.
I like comedy as a group sport.
No, no, no. Your accent is so beautiful.
I would love it if you would come in and teach me how to really do you.
Before I had children, everything about my life was devoted to Saturday Night Live.
I've never set out to write a funny movie or be a funny comedian as a woman. I am a woman. I don't really have a choice in the matter. My goal is just to be funny.
I learned the enormous power of writing for yourself, especially now that people seem to be receptive to the fact that women can write.
Without a doubt in sketch comedy there are fewer women than men.
I don't know if comedy is a male sport. I always wondered that.
I feel like I come from a smaller off shoot of black people because I am mixed. People say I'm African American but that doesn't include the other half of me.
I was a loud child, and if my mother sang to me, I would be quiet.
There are days when I wonder why my mom couldn't be here to see this.
I never thought I'd get a chance to do what I'm doing. It's such a dream.
I have an equal opportunity womb!
Lord knows I had what you could call many fashion Don'ts in my day.
I really love laughing.
If my time with my kids is shorter than it was yesterday, it's better than nothing.
I still have a fantasy of being a musician when I grow up.
I've been writing joke songs since I was a kid and it served me well at S.N.L. I can write those in my sleep. In fact, I have.
I feel like I'm a drag queen.
Most of my life I didn't feel very normal. There's definitely been some moments where I feel like, all right, I've finally graduated and I'm a normal lady.
You don't want to be the first person to tell your 5-year-old, like, 'You're going to have a life filled with disappointments and letdowns - enjoy!'
I get anxious. That lovely Jewish guilt that comes with ancestry.
I've met people who are baffled by children, as though they were never children themselves.
I think that people who don't like kids are awful people.
