American,Writer
Your writing voice is the deepest possible reflection of who you are. The job of your voice is not to seduce or flatter or make well-shaped sentences. In your voice, your readers should be able to hear the contents of your mind, your heart, your soul.
Self-knowledge is essential not only to writing, but to doing almost anything really well. It allows you to work through from a deep place - from the deep, dark corners of your subconscious mind.
There's an overwhelming sense of paranoia in the suburbs. People there seem so much more paranoid to me than people in the city about their kids being kidnapped or their parties being raided or their drinks being spiked. There's a kind of hysteria about that.
The average attention span of the modern human being is about half as long as whatever you're trying to tell them.
I've been fired five times for having a bad attitude.
I've spent most of my life trying to wear a persona that didn't quite fit and when I started writing books, it was like finally becoming the right person.
I think most people struggle over a matter of years to find a satisfying way to live.
Life doesn't go on forever, and you don't want to drop dead without ever having done what you wanted to do.
My younger sister Debby had died of cancer, which started me writing - the sense of life being short. Cancer focuses your mind.
Every day a piano doesn't fall on my head is good luck.
Writing's a great skill, but thinking's a better one.
I have never written out of a desire to be controversial.
I, a late riser, fantasise about getting up every morning at 5 A.M. to fetch the horses in from the fields.
In the odd moment when I am not thinking about horses, I write books.
Like many other people of my generation, I don't think I ever really bothered to grow up. I wasn't ever really a proper teenager until I was about 19, and maybe I got a bit stuck there, because it seemed to go on and on.
I'm not sure I can write about America for the same reason I'm not sure I can write about adults - I have no critical distance on either place.
I can actually trace the moment I decided I couldn't be a doctor. It was in biology, they brought in these African crickets and we were supposed to dissect them - but there's no way I was touching those bugs.
Life is absolutely horrific, leading up to absolute horror.
I always think plot is what you fall back on if you can't write, to keep things going.
The more you live, the better writer you are.
I am quite a cheerful, dark person. On the outside, I'm optimistic but I expect the worst to happen.
My husband is my most valuable resource.
I lived in New York for 10 years, and every New Yorker sees a shrink.
People talk about writing convincing teenagers like it's a really clever thing to do, but it comes incredibly naturally to me. Which, of course, is slightly a worry.
Teenagers are very dark, I think. That's all the goth and emo stuff. They're experiencing a lot of stuff that adults experience, but in a much more raw way. It's that extremity that I'm interested in, to be able to go down so far and come up so quickly.
When I was at university, there was such a strong delineation between city kids and those who had grown up the suburbs. City kids were so at home in the world, in a way that suburban kids take years to catch up, if indeed they ever can.
