American,Actress
If we treated ourselves as well as we treated our best friend, can you imagine?
Food makes travel so exceptional, because you get to taste what it's actually supposed to taste like. To eat the real Pad Thai or finally have a proper curry is something pretty amazing.
Make a choice: continue living your life feeling muddled in this abyss of self-misunderstanding, or you find your identity independent of it. You push for colour-blind casting; you draw your own box. You introduce yourself as who you are, not what colour your parents happen to be.
My parents came from little, so they made a choice to give a lot: buying turkeys for homeless shelters at Thanksgiving, delivering meals to people in hospices, giving spare change to those asking for it.
At the start of each week, I generally cook a box of quinoa, and while it's simmering, I saute onions, garlic and any veggies I have on hand in a separate pan. I season the vegetables with Spike, a seasoning blend my mom always used when I was growing up, or a little Bragg Liquid Aminos. I always add crushed red pepper and chopped fresh herbs.
Catty is not cool. I can't think of anything less becoming than a man who talks about people behind their backs.
Barcelona is one of the best cities in the world. I love it there. I love Big Sur. It's stunning and you get a therapeutic experience there. The drive up the coast is one of the most beautiful I've ever done. Also, Hong Kong. I could easily live there!
Put on a sweater and really great sneakers with a big scarf, and you'll look so stylish. For me, they are an everyday essential.
French fries and vino are my vices.
I love Nars blush in Orgasm. I use it on and off camera because it gives you a nice glow from within. My favorite mascara is Diorshow Iconic, and then I love the Make Up For Ever HD Powder. It lets your skin look shiny and fresh, but not greasy-shiny.
I think the biggest part of being a girl boss in the office, at home, or anywhere you go is just knowing your value.
Some women are able to wake up looking effortlessly chic - as though a bevy of fashion fairies twisted their low-lit locks into a messy chignon while they slept. They choose a frock from their exceptionally curated closet and leave a trail of custom fragrance and perfection in their wake.
Be able to delegate, because there are some things that you just can't do by yourself.
Being 'ethnically ambiguous', as I was pegged in the industry, meant I could audition for virtually any role. Morphing from Latina when I was dressed in red, to African American when in mustard yellow, my closet filled with fashionable frocks to make me look as racially varied as an Eighties Benetton poster.
To describe something as being black and white means it is clearly defined. Yet when your ethnicity is black and white, the dichotomy is not that clear. In fact, it creates a grey area.
I've had dates at the nicest restaurants, but when you leave, you're starving, and the best part of the date is having a slice of pizza and a couple of drinks on the way home. I think it's important to be able to roll with the punches and enjoy every minute of it.
Who you are as a person will only be amplified once you are 'famous,' so if you had a good heart, then I would imagine you'll have the same good heart but the means to do even more with it.
I like it when a man puts thought into the kind of restaurant we're going to. That doesn't mean it needs to be fancy - some of the best meals of my life have been having a taco on a street corner.
Another solid run through Central Park. Admittedly, six miles turns out to be a bad idea after a full day in heels!
The one thing that I cannot live without when I'm traveling is a small container of tea tree oil. It's not the most glamorous thing, but if you get a cut, a mosquito bite, a small breakout, no matter what it is, it's my little cure-all. It's inexpensive, it's small enough to carry on, and I bring it with me all the time.
I'm really big on day dates. If you go for a stroll, have a picnic or lunch with a glass of wine - it doesn't get better than that.
It was the late '70s when my parents met. My dad was a lighting director for a soap opera, and my mom was a temp at the studio. They moved into a house in The Valley in L.A., to a neighborhood that was leafy and affordable.
Throwing on a black dress with black tights, cute booties, a great coat and throw a scarf over it. I think simple accessories and, if you want to make a pop, a great red lip.
There is a myth that those who do humanitarian work have a saviour mentality, but the relationship is reciprocal.
My life has changed because my access has changed, and so has the level of privacy in my life, but these are champagne problems, because I wouldn't rather be back auditioning. And change can be really good - as long as your character is intact.
Just as black and white, when mixed, make grey, in many ways that's what it did to my self-identity: it created a murky area of who I was, a haze around how people connected with me. I was grey. And who wants to be this indifferent colour, devoid of depth and stuck in the middle? I certainly didn't.
My mom is a yoga instructor: 100% black with dreadlocks.
I never want to lose touch with reality. I won't push $100 candles just because. I realized that I could create a hub of positivity and affirmation.
I love connecting with the fan base and sharing my experiences.
My wardrobe for 'Suits' isn't like 'Working Girl' - dressing for work doesn't have to be so on-the-nose these days. The key is to have your own point of view attached to it. Personally, I love cropped pants in vegan leather, a great fitted blazer, and a button-down.
I used to be a calligrapher for weddings and events - that was my side job while I was auditioning. I think handwritten notes are a lost art form. When I booked my first pilot, my dad wrote me a letter that I still have. The idea of someone taking the time to put pen to paper is really special.
If you have an Ina Garten-level roasted-chicken recipe, it's a game changer. I bring that to dinner parties and make a lot of friends.
You have to take care of yourself so you can manage the workload of a very, very full plate.
I dream pretty big, but truly had no idea my life could be this awesome. I am the luckiest girl in the world, without question!
Granger & Co - hits the spot for brunch every single time.
On a normal day, I love a shift dress with flats and a little cropped jacket. That, for me, is my travel wear if it's not too chilly - you can throw a scarf over your legs if it's cold on the plane!
As I've gotten older, I like longer dresses, but my legs come up to my ears, and I'm not very tall, so when I wear a short skirt,I've got to be really conscious.
The name 'The Tig' comes from a wine called tignanello, and the first time I had a sip of this wine, it was such an 'aha' moment. I finally understood what people were talking about when they spoke about the body, the legs or structure of wine.
I love the opportunity to get properly dressed up. I've worn three Lanvin dresses, and they've all been a dream. They're so well made, with the most beautiful craftsmanship. I don't tend to go with things that are ornate - just beautifully made pieces and some classic jewelry. Let the work speak for itself. I love that.
I will always find my light. No question. And if I don't, I'll know, because my dad will be the first person to call me and say, like, 'You need to have him bring another 2K in,' and 'Why aren't you using this sort of lighting gel?' The crew guys know that it's where I grew up.
I pride myself in figuring out how to elevate a dish with a little preserved lemon or, then, a sprinkle of Maldon salt.
I did calligraphy for the invitations for, like, Robin Thicke and Paula Patton's wedding.
I love how British guys dress for the cold.
Kindness is the No. 1 quality I look for in a man. You can see in how he treats anyone - from a CEO to a housekeeper - and it's a reflection of how nice a guy is. Funniness and confidence come after that... When a guy approaches me, it's fantastic if he can make me laugh.
It's really attractive if a man has a skill that you want to improve in yourself. If you can learn from someone, then that's sexy.
I'm a sucker for a compliment.
Be kind to yourself.
I'm deeply and passionately involved in the design process. I'm a brash American, and if my name is going to be on something, I'm going to have my say.
I was not a girl who grew up buying $100 candles. I was the girl who ran out of gas on her way to an audition.
I'm an actress, a writer, the editor-in-chief of my lifestyle brand 'The Tig', a pretty good cook, and a firm believer in handwritten notes.
With fame comes opportunity, but in my opinion, it also includes responsibility - to advocate and share, to focus less on glass slippers and more on pushing through glass ceilings and, if I'm lucky enough, then to inspire.
My dad is Caucasian, and my mom is African American. I'm half black and half white. Being biracial paints a blurred line that is equal parts staggering and illuminating.
Growing up in Los Angeles, obviously it's a really fashionable city, but it has a really relaxed quality to it as well. So, my fashion education came while working on 'Suits'.
People don't need to feel scared about a leather pant. Think of it as a jean alternative: it's the same thing. It's almost like they're your yoga pants, but they look chic.
I've always shopped on the sale rack, and I've always been the girl flipping through the hangers trying to find the best deal.
I can't stand it when men are snarky.
The best job a man could have would be a chef. They'd understand the long hours I work and the drive and ambition it takes to succeed.
On my face, I use Creme De La Mer The Eye Balm Intense and Tatcha Deep Brightening Serum.
I don't tend to go totally bare, but on non-filming days, I will only wear tinted moisturiser, mascara, blusher, and a ChapStick for my lips.
If I have to do a red carpet, and there is a whole team, then it is an hour with the hair and make-up. But if I am just going out with friends, it is 15 minutes max in front of the mirror. A quick five minutes on my face, and I always wear my hair up.
I love Ralph Lauren. As I travel so much, I prefer to shop online.
Once you develop a comfort level with someone, that translates on camera.
When I'm traveling, I won't miss an opportunity to try great pasta.
I never thought I would become an actress. I always wanted to get into politics, and I moved to Argentina and worked for the U.S. embassy for a bit. It sort of happened upon me when I was home for the holiday - acting, that is - and I stuck with it.
By the time 'Suits' had come around, I had been acting for maybe six years. 'Deal or No Deal' - I like to call it my very lucrative waitressing job. Most actors find a way to make a living while they're auditioning, and for me, holding a briefcase was an incredibly lucrative means of being able to pursue what I really wanted to do.
I think my dad always saw how happy I was on set.
I've never wanted to be a lady who lunches - I've always wanted to be a woman who works.
I started working at a soup kitchen in skid row of Los Angeles when I was 13 years old, and the first day, I felt really scared. I was young, and it was rough and raw down there, and though I was with a great volunteer group, I just felt overwhelmed.
Make sure you are safe, and never ever put yourself in a compromising situation, but once that is checked off the list, I think it's really important for us to remember that someone needs us, and that your act of giving/helping/doing can truly become an act of grace once you get out of your head.
I have always loved watermelon and relish any opportunity to eat it, whether plain or diced up with feta and mint and tossed with a little olive oil. It makes me think of summertime. On set and at home, I try to always have a container of watermelon sprinkled with cinnamon because it elevates the flavor just a notch and makes it feel special.
For dinner parties, I love making an easy cioppino using shrimp, mussels, clams, and a hearty fish that won't fall apart easily.
Mom cooked a lot of turkey when I was growing up. Turkey meatloaf, turkey burgers, ground turkey shepherd's pie - my childhood was the Bubba Gump of turkey. You'd think I would be sick of it, but when I find gems like Gwyneth Paltrow's turkey meatball recipe, it's as though the fowl is no longer foul to me.
I'm the person friends come to when they want to find the perfect restaurant or boutique hotel on the outskirts of Paris. As opposed to scouring the Internet for a travel guide, wouldn't you rather ask the people who are really cool who go there? That's what I do.
I love getting into people's brains and understanding the creative impetus for something.
I grew up in L.A. in a school that was diverse, but it was not really integrated, so I didn't ever fully fit in with the black girls or the white girls or the Latina girls.
It's really important that young women be reminded that their involvement matters and that their voice is heard. Even if it feels like it's small, it really can make an impact.
I knew I'd end up in show business in some capacity, eventually.
It's all about balance, and I have so much happiness in my career and am fortunate to travel the world and see so many amazing things - it will also be nice to be anchored to something grounded and in the same place. Raising a family will be a wonderful part of that.
My mother was a free-spirited clinical therapist, and I had the most hard-working father, a television lighting director by trade. My mum raised me to be a global citizen, with eyes open to sometimes harsh realities.
While my life shifts from refugee camps to red carpets, I choose them both because these worlds can, in fact, coexist. And for me, they must.
Reflecting on where I came from helps me to appreciate and balance what I have now.
While most become star struck by A-list actors, you'll only see me in awe of leaders effecting change. Politician and diplomat Madeleine Albright, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. These are my heroes. These are my celebrities.
When I was 11, I saw this ad for dish soap powder that said, 'Women all over America are fighting greasy pots and pans.' I was so angry. I couldn't understand why it didn't say men as well.
My parents always told me if I believed something was wrong, I should try to fix it.
When I was 13 years old, my mom had me start getting facials in my hometown of Los Angeles.
There is nothing like a hair flip!
Fragrance is my favorite thing. So much so that if I leave the house and I don't put any on, I'll turn around and go back home.
I alternate between a few scents. I love 'Oribe Cote d'Azur Eau de Parfum' and both the 'Wild Bluebell' and 'Wood Sage & Sea Salt Colognes' by Jo Malone.
Don't get involved in the interoffice politics. On 'Suits,' it can be cheeky and fun to see Rachel and Donna being gossipy, but people get caught up in that. I think in life and in the office, it's best to stay out of the drama.
I think you have to make time for yourself so that work doesn't become the end-all be-all.
The holidays are a time to - not quite play it safe - but play it classic. You don't want to be the girl in a head-to-toe sequin look, where you look like you should be an ornament on the tree.
Women who have understood fashion and style for so long have always known it's not about having more pieces. It's about having the right pieces and having the pieces that are of a great quality and look like you know what you're doing. You don't have to have a million things on.
If you make a fashion mistake, that's one that's going to resonate for a very long time.
Curl the lashes, concealer under the eyes, blush, ChapStick, and highlight in the inner corner of the eye.
Nivea Firming Body Lotion. When it goes on sale, I buy it in bulk. I am obsessed with it and how it makes my skin look and feel.
RevitaLash. Beyond obsessed. We don't use fake lashes anymore for me at work... they are SO long!
Tatcha Face Moisture Mask and a facial by Nicola Joss, who literally massages your face from inside your mouth! Insane, right?
For work, I wear art; in real life, I wear clothes.
I'm eager to find the perfect film to shoot during my hiatus from 'Suits'.
