American,Journalist
If you behave like a stupid moron, you're going to get called out by me.
People think I'm fearless. But I'm human.
Nobody really knows my true feelings on a lot of issues.
I keep my head down, my mouth shut and work hard.
In another life - and as I like to say, another body - I used to teach aerobics.
Television can be a very fickle place.
I would be lying if I said it wasn't cool to see myself on the cover of 'Vanity Fair,' right? It's, like, what am I doing there? This is bizarre.
I'm a news anchor; I'm not an ideologue.
It's not that I'm a 'Let's hug and be joyful all the time' boss. Or that I don't, quote, 'own my own power.' I just never want to be that big, swingin', rule-by-fear person.
I spent most of my life from 24 to 31 at the office. I wasn't going to people's weddings; I wasn't cultivating my marriage. I wasn't happy.
Men should have more time with their newborn babies.
I was badly bullied when I was in the seventh grade - relentlessly, mercilessly - by a group of 12-year-old girls. And it left me with a determination that no matter what, I had to throw my shoulders back, stick out my chin, and project a sense that no one and nothing could hurt me. That turned out to be a life-changing mistake.
As a lawyer, I could engage in killer litigation with the best of them. It was war, after all.
I - listen, racism - being a racist is the worst thing you can say about somebody. I mean, it is such a charged accusation. And I really think people should be very careful before they level that.
I'm not a barbarian.
Im a soulless lawyer. Give me any opinion and I can argue it.
I want to see my kids for dinner. I want to put them down at night. I want to see their soccer games after school.
We have to ask the tough questions.
I had more sexist encounters as a lawyer than I had as a journalist.
You can't just coast along. You need to be extraordinary. If you want a promotion or a raise, ask yourself, 'How can I behave in a way to get my boss to believe I deserve one?'
My dad died of a heart attack when I was 15. I was bullied mercilessly in middle school. I went through a divorce - those not-so-great things are all a part of me, and they give me a place to go when I cover those stories on the news. I'm more empathetic, more relatable because of them.
What people don't realize about Donald Trump - and I don't even know if Donald Trump realizes it - is that every tweet he unleashes against you... creates such a crescendo of anger.
I was a big Jay Leno fan, so I was sorry to see him go. But my number one person that I watch, she's not late night, but in terms of the comedian genre, is Ellen DeGeneres - love her.
If I'm going to turn on the television, it's going to be the Fox News channel.
When Roger Ailes hired me, he knew I was the daughter of a college professor and a nurse. There was nothing in this resume that would telegraph, 'She's a secret conservative.'
Obviously, I'm in a visual business, and people will talk to me about my appearance.
Before I got into TV, I wasn't fashionable at all.
If you're wearing a pair of shoes that's a little flashy, then it's important not to be flashy up top and vice versa.
Just because you might have a sparring match on the air doesn't mean there's any personal animosity.
When I was in 10th grade, I took one of those tests that's supposed to tell you what you should be when you grow up. The test told me that I should be a journalist.
You know, I was not an attractive child - I never had a cute face.
I'm steeped in the news because I enjoy the news - I like reading papers, I like reading the blogs, I love talking to newsmakers and pundits, for that matter, about their opinions. I'm an information gatherer by nature, so that's what attracted me about this industry.
What is it about a baby bump that makes people feel it's okay to say things like, 'God! You are big!'
I distinctly remember being very young, sixth grade maybe, and being at a party and hearing the mothers discuss the children. And the mothers said, 'Well, it's very clear who's the leader in the group.' And they were talking about me!
Why can't there be an acknowledgment that, in some instances, women remove themselves from the workforce for a long time, and when they come back, of course they're not going to get exactly equal pay?
I don't see myself as some television star; I see myself as a girl from Albany.
Somebody saying something offensive to you or insulting to you is not pleasant, but it's part of life.
I see it as this: I send my kids to school not only to learn how to read and write and do math, but also to develop socially. So if there's a negative interaction between my child and another child, what I want to know is, how was it handled, what lessons came out of it, and, of course, is my child okay?
I think my viewers want smart, honest programming. They don't want to be told what makes them feel good.
I've lived in New York state almost my entire life, so my votes never count.
The viewer I picture in my mind when I do 'The Kelly File' is a woman who's had a long day, either with the kids or at work, or both.
I never felt that I had the natural intellectual gifts that the people who graduate first in their class from Harvard Law had.
I think that 'Fox News' is fair and balanced.
A woman can be harassed and then go on to have a good working relationship with the man harassing her.
This is the U.S.A., and it's the most glorious place to live in the world.
The people, as much as it's fun to hate us, they need us. They need good, strong, skeptical journalists to be covering whoever it is - whether it's Barack Obama or President Donald Trump.
The relative lack of power of certain minority groups, and the fear they're feeling in the wake of Donald Trump's election, is something I think we really need to take a look at.
While I don't think Trump wants to target any particular minority group, I understand their fear because he spent many months stoking it.
I knew Andrew Breitbart very well, and he was great. I loved him. He was a true provocateur who would be fun about it, you know.
I always feel like I want more time with my kids. But I reject the notion that you can't have it all. I think you can: just not necessarily in abundance.
If I could have half the career of Diane Sawyer, I'd be a happy woman.
There is no question that Hannity is a conservative. But I can tell you from personal experience after having worked with O'Reilly for years now, you never know where he is going to come out on an issue. He definitely leans right when it comes to certain social, traditional value issues, but he's all over the board on certain other issues.
Print reporters have the opportunity to go so much more in depth in certain stories than television reporters do because they're working on stories for months at a time.
The news changes every day. So it's not like being involved in any litigation that goes on for four years, and the trial lasts three months.
I was never lined up outside of my bosses office saying 'Give me an opportunity; there's not a woman in primetime'... I was just trying to be so good they couldn't ignore me.
The best answer and the best way forward to young women out there who want to get ahead is work your tail off. Work harder than everybody. Be better than everybody else. Do better. Try harder.
I don't like that word: feminist.
I don't like the women who stand up for the empowerment of women at the expense of men. They try to demonize men, and they try to suggest men all want to keep us down, which is one of the reasons why I don't like that label 'feminist.'
I'm conservative on some things, and I'm not on others.
I'm not going to say how I vote... I love that people make these assumptions about you because you work at Fox... That's my job: to be contrarian, to push people.
You want to know what I love most about myself? I'll tell you the truth: My clavicle. I think I have a nice clavicle.
When people talk about fake news, you know, a lot of folks just roll their eyes, like 'Oh, you know, whatever; people will figure it out.' The truth is, they don't always figure it out.
I don't want to be an opinion anchor.
Being a trial lawyer sounds like glamorous work, but most of your time is spent pushing paper and arguing.
There have been so many times when I challenged Republicans on air - in big moments.
I'm an independent.
In TV, a woman helping another woman break in? Not that common.
In law, especially back in '95 when I was breaking in, it was much more of an old boys' network.
I was always a strong personality. I was never an introvert.
I was popular, and I enjoyed that, and my mother kept telling me I better take typing so I'd have something to fall back on. I didn't know what the future held, but once I got my law degree, I started to feel like, 'OK, I'm a serious person.'
Oftentimes it feels like Fox stands alone in the media on certain stories.
I felt the call to this industry because I enjoy broadcast journalism. I'm steeped in the news because I enjoy the news - I like reading papers; I like reading the blogs. I love talking to newsmakers and pundits, for that matter, about their opinions. I'm an information gatherer by nature, so that's what attracted me about this industry.
I don't understand these politicians who want to be president and complain when they get a tough interview.
I can give anyone a hard time.
I admire those women who really knew who they were and didn't apologize for it. Katharine Hepburn? She was ahead of her time.
I'm an upstate New York lifer.
I came from a middle-class family. My dad was a professor; my mom was a nurse. I didn't come from money, and I didn't come from circles of power. I didn't come from the country club; I came from the town park.
The most powerful people in my town were the doctors and the lawyers. I didn't really have any experience dealing with really powerful people until I started practicing law.
You can't go by what things look like on paper.
I was not the only journalist to whom Trump offered gifts clearly meant to shape coverage. Many reporters have told me that Trump worked hard to offer them something fabulous - from hotel rooms to rides on his 757.
I try to stay off Twitter.
Adversity is an opportunity for growth. And an opportunity to really know who your friends are.
I can muster up the courage in the difficult situations to get me through.
I think we have gone too far into the PC culture, but there's a limit to how far we can take that.
Donald Trump and the First Amendment, it's not a beautiful match; it's not a match made in heaven. Between the free speech rights that he has not defended and the freedom of the press, which he has not defended, it's problematic.
What should matter is whether I stand for female empowerment, and I don't think there are many women out there who have any doubts about that.
I wasn't a shrinking violet when I joined Fox News. I didn't have any power at Fox - I had no power in the TV industry - but I had been a lawyer for nine years who had practiced employment law.
You have to understand that Roger Ailes was a king. He was on the cover of multiple industry publications as the most powerful man in news. And at Fox News, there was no one else with power. So you didn't want to get on the wrong side of him because he was actually beloved inside the building and very well-liked in the industry.
I did not grow up with a silver spoon in my mouth.
I didn't have a lot of the advantages Donald Trump had, but I had the most important ones you can get, which are loving parents who cared about me and helped me develop a sense of self.
