American,First Lady
I cannot, or will not, take the freedoms this country offers for granted. But these freedoms have come with a price so many times. The sacrifices made by our veterans are reminders to us of this.
I style myself and choose what to wear based on what I feel good in it.
When I wake up in the morning, I like to refresh myself and put some tonic on - one with vitamin C - and then an oxygen cream with vitamins A, C, and E. That's very important to me so that my skin will stay moisturized throughout the day.
You cannot change a person. Let them be. Let them be the way they are.
As citizens of this great nation, it is kindness, love, and compassion for each other that will bring us together - and keep us together. These are the values Donald and I will bring to the White House.
I always loved fashion. My mother was a fashion designer, so it was always in my blood.
After living and working in Milan and Paris, I arrived in New York City 20 years ago, and I saw both the joys and the hardships of daily life. On July 28, 2006, I was very proud to become a citizen of the United States - the greatest privilege on planet Earth.
He will never, ever, give up. And, most importantly, he will never, ever, let you down. Donald is, and always has been, an amazing leader. Now, he will go to work for you.
Because of who my husband is, and our life, and also he is number one in the polls - well, you take that all together, and people are very curious about me. I'm choosing not to go political in public because that is my husband's job. I'm very political in private life, and between me and my husband, I know everything that is going on.
I don't do any microdermabrasion or any type of injections in my skin because I think that's really just temporary. And if the nerve system is damaged... I know some women who thought they would look much more beautiful if they had something done, and then their lives were destroyed because of that.
My husband doesn't text... It's always phone calls. I like that because you hear the voice the old-fashioned way.
I'm very political. I'm not political in public; I'm political at home.
I love my childhood. It was a beautiful childhood.
Nobody controls me. I travel with my husband when I can, when I know that I can go, and I know that my son is okay alone for a few days with the help.
I chose not to go into politics and policy. Those policies are my husband's job.
It is part of my life, being in front of the camera all the time. It's not something that's new to me.
If I am honored to serve as first lady, I will use that wonderful privilege to try to help people in our country who need it the most. One of the many causes dear to my heart is helping children and women.
I was 5 years old when I did my first catwalk and did commercials at 16. I went professional after my studies.
My style has stayed pretty consistent over the years. I always wear what I like and what is appropriate for the occasion.
I am a full-time mom; that is my first job. The most important job ever. I started my business when he started school. When he is in school, I do my meetings, my sketches, and everything else. I cook him breakfast. Bring him to school. Pick him up. Prepare his lunch. I spend the afternoon with him.
I think the mistake some people make is they try to change the man they love after they get married. You cannot change a person.
Donald has a deep and unbounding determination and a never-give-up attitude. I have seen him fight for years to get a project done - or even started - and he does not give up! If you want someone to fight for you and your country, I can assure you, he is the 'guy.'
Everyone wants change. Donald is the only one that can deliver it. We should not be satisfied with stagnation.
You judge a society by how it treats its citizens. We must do our best to ensure that every child can live in comfort and security, with the best possible education.
Of course, I always loved fashion - and I was always the tallest one and the skinniest one, so that helped.
I like certain pieces monogrammed because it gives my closet and home warmth - it's just something that you could really feel comfortable with. It's yours; it's something personal. I do it for fun.
