American,Actress
I like smoking! I mean, God, I quit everything else, can't I smoke?
It's not about my career now. It's just about finding great work and having a good time.
I don't think I'm beautiful. When I look in the mirror, I just see me - and, I'm pretty used to me.
When I was 34, people would say, What's going to happen to you when you're 40? What are you going to do? You don't have much time left. And I was like, what are you talking about?
In Spain there's the king - and then there's Antonio.
Angelina Jolie may get Antonio Banderas in bed for eight hours on a movie set, but I get him in bed everyday.
You know who helped me a lot? Jane Fonda. She said, Look at how many times I've been up and I've been down. So don't worry about anything.
There are no small parts; there are only small actors.
People who think radio acting is easy are wrong, because you got nothing to work with but your voice.
Oh, my career. What career? I'm over 40.
I'm more relaxed about life now that I'm older. I like it, despite the wrinkles. It's what I feel inside that's precious.
Children enhance you.
I would just like to be able to give to people through acting. If I can entertain people by being somebody else and allow somebody to feel something, then that makes me feel good.
I don't walk around with fear. I walk around with strength. I believe in cause and effect.
Most people are telling me I look horrible.
To break boundaries interests me. With all the knowledge that is available now in the world, it should be accessible to everyone. You can get so much information on the Internet now, and yet there are so many places in the world where people just don't have the education.
If they could cut off my head and put it onto another body that was, like, 20 years old, I would do that.
People are not used to seeing an older woman on screen, unless she's playing a character role. Why can't they make a movie about a woman who's forty-five who's falling in love or getting divorced? Why does the leading role always have to be a woman who's twenty-three or twenty-eight?
I'm not desperate anymore or feeling weird about myself because I'm not working in this business. I'm older and wiser, and there's a lot more to life.
I've worked a lot. I don't like to watch myself. I don't go to the movies unless I have to go to the premiere.
There's nothing wrong with a male's point of view, obviously, but it's just a different way of telling a story.
I really love working. It makes me feel like an even better person when I work. I function much better if I have a really rigid schedule. When I'm left to my own devices, I can just be all over the place.
I would be really happy to be working and be able to do my craft.
