American,Actress
Ultimately, I believe the only secret to a happy marriage is choosing the right person. Life is a series of choices, right?
And I'm a really happy person, I enjoy life. I think you see that on people. I think there's nothing more aging than misery.
People make a lot of jokes about the empty nest. Let me tell you, it is no laughing matter. It is really hard.
Just standing around looking beautiful is so boring.
You know, the more you can meet people from different walks of life, the better it is for you. I think the more you can create situations and experiences that give you new perspective, the better.
I look like a duck. It's the way my mouth curls up, or my nose tilts up. I should have played Howard the Duck.
Well, I'm very stubborn. I think I have common sense; I'm probably at times a bit tunnel-visioned, but I'm strong.
It takes years for me to trust; I know that about myself. A lot of it is because I am so private, and so reluctant to make myself vulnerable.
I do find comedy difficult. I don't know why. Maybe I think about it too much. There's a tremendous amount of pressure to be funny.
The value of a good education has never left me.
Everybody is vulnerable to being in relationships where they get fooled. I'm no different. It's just human nature.
I feel less pressure to dress youthfully. I'm 50 and everyone knows I'm 50 - who are you kidding? Jeans are my uniform. I have about 15 pairs.
I don't know if it's naivete or just narcissism, but I start out with this notion that I can do anything. It's not until I get into it that I realize what I've thrown myself into, and then I will do anything not to humiliate myself. And that, I think, is the secret to my success.
Like all parents, my husband and I just do the best we can, hold our breath and hope we've set aside enough money for our kid's therapy.
I used to smoke two packs a day and I just hate being a nonsmoker... but I will never consider myself a nonsmoker because I always find smokers the most interesting people at the table.
Somewhere along the line I made the switch and was able to look at the bight side rather than the dark side all the time. Now I look at everything I have and think how lucky I am.
For me, getting comfortable with being famous was hard - that whole side of it, the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy. Giving up that part of your life and not having control of it.
I have days when I just feel I look like a dog.
I'm a perfectionist, so I can drive myself mad - and other people, too. At the same time, I think that's one of the reasons I'm successful. Because I really care about what I do.
Even though I don't feel I need approval, it's still important to me to give a good performance. I'm hard on myself.
I'm a Taurus. To the bone.
My walk is consistently made fun of.
When I was very young I never thought I was attractive, because I was a tomboy and I was always the biggest girl in the class.
I'm good at disguising my feelings.
Where I came from, the idea of going into show business was just ridiculous; in fact I didn't tell anybody because I knew people would laugh at me. So I sort of snuck around and got some pictures and got a resume together and, of course, lied and said I did all kinds of things I didn't do.
I said, going into acting, 'I'm never moving to L.A.,' because it scared me. But there was no way you could build an acting career in Orange County.
