American,Athlete
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Swimming is normal for me. I'm relaxed. I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings. It's my home.
I can only control my own performance. If I do my best, then I can feel good at the end of the day.
I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.
If you want to be the best, you have to do things that other people aren't willing to do.
I like to just think of myself as a normal person who just has a passion, has a goal and a dream and goes out and does it. And that's really how I've always lived my life.
I won't predict anything historic. But nothing is impossible.
I want to be able to look back and say, 'I've done everything I can, and I was successful.' I don't want to look back and say I should have done this or that. I'd like to change things for the younger generation of swimmers coming along.
And, you know, being able to wear the stars and stripes, when you step up on one of the blocks or, you know, when you step off of an airplane or when you hear the national anthem play, you know, it's one of the greatest feelings in the world because you know that there are people at home who are supporting you and watching you.
I feel most at home in the water. I disappear. That's where I belong.
It's cool just because I've had this dream of changing the sport of swimming and it's finally happening.
I try to separate my personal life from swimming.
Even in high school, I'd tell my mom I was sick of swimming and wanted to try to play golf. She wasn't too happy. She'd say, 'Think about this.' And I'd always end up getting back in the pool.
I think that everything is possible as long as you put your mind to it and you put the work and time into it. I think your mind really controls everything.
The more you dream the more you achieve.
My goal is one Olympic gold medal. Not many people in this world can say, 'I'm an Olympic gold medalist.'
I believe in God; I'm not saying I'm highly religious.
If I bring back only one gold people are going to say it's a disappointment. But not too many of them own an Olympic gold medal so if I get one I'm going to be happy.
I'm so sick of the water.
I think to be - for me to be an American is - you know, it's one of the greatest things in the world for - you know, for me just because I've been able to grow up with everything. The freedom. You know, in my eyes this is the greatest country in the world.
I've never lifted a single weight in my life.
I have a lot of goals, but I think that I just want to take it day by day.
For so long, I looked at myself as literally a kid who was talented who would go up and down the pool. That's it. Nothing else. Very few people knew who I really was.
I know it won't be eight medals again. If you want to compare me to that, that's your decision, not mine. I'm going out there to try to accomplish the things that I have in my mind and in my heart.
It doesn't matter what else is going on. When you walk into your arena or your - whatever you excel at, you're there to take care of the job that you have to do.
Growing up in high school, I wasn't hanging out with friends every day or on the weekends. Doing normal high school kid things was something I was willing to give up.
I can't remember the last day I didn't train.
I learned how fast you can go from being an international hero to being a reference in a joke on a late night talk show.
People say to me, 'You're so lucky. You get to see the world.' But I don't. I go to the hotel and to the pools and back again. That's it.
So, you know, if, if I wanted to get up and just play golf one day, I would just get up and play golf. If I wanted to go to Vegas, I would just get up and go to Vegas.
I am 26 and, and I don't recover as fast as I have in the past.
Once I retire, I'm retiring. I'm done.
I got the stamina. I can close.
Why is it such a big deal what I'm swimming?
I've been able to get an excitement back in the water.
I consider myself normal. I've spent 20 years in the pool. I consider that something that's normal.
I usually try to eat lot of calories. With so many events, it is important to sustain a high level of energy through the entire meet. I usually eat two hours before a meet.
Every sponsor I've had has been something that fit my lifestyle, fit my personality.
I got a Cadillac Escalade. Put some rims on it, threw a couple TV's in there, and installed a system. I stuck my Xbox in there. I had to go for it.
I haven't swam in any of the rivers outside of Baltimore. I try to keep it in the pool.
I want to retire how I want to retire - and I have a great opportunity to do that.
For the millionth time, I'm retired. I keep saying it, and people keep answering, 'Well, maybe he doesn't mean it this time.' But I do.
I want to continue the sport of swimming. I'm not going to give up until I think it's reached where I want it to go.
There are too many kids who are drowning for lack of water safety. That's something I'd like to do. Teaching kids to live an active lifestyle.
I'll be working with kids for the rest of my life.
