American,Activist
Capitalism is an organized system to guarantee that greed becomes the primary force of our economic system and allows the few at the top to get very wealthy and has the rest of us riding around thinking we can be that way, too - if we just work hard enough, sell enough Tupperware and Amway products, we can get a pink Cadillac.
When the women's liberation movement began, when people began protesting against the Vietnam War, civil rights movement, at the beginning of those movements, the majority of the country was not with them, did not believe in the basic principles of any of those philosophies.
You can't regulate child labor. You can't regulate slavery. Some things are just wrong.
You do not have the right to take another human's life, unless it's in strict self-defense.
You can't debate satire. Either you get it or you don't.
There's over a billion people on this planet that don't have access to clean drinking water.
No decisions should ever be made without asking the question, is this for the common good?
Openness, transparency - these are among the few weapons the citizenry has to protect itself from the powerful and the corrupt... and that is the best thing that WikiLeaks has done.
North Korea has taught a great lesson to all the countries in the world, especially the rogue countries of dictatorships or whatever: if you don't want to be invaded by America, get some nuclear weapons.
I'm a millionaire, I'm a multi-millionaire. I'm filthy rich. You know why I'm a multi-millionaire? 'Cause multi-millions like what I do.
We as Americans believe it's OK to kill people. We believe it's OK to invade a country that had nothing to do with 9/11. We think it's OK to invade a country where we think Osama Bin Laden is and he's in the other country. So we just go in and we just kill. And we have the death penalty; we sanction it.
We live in the time where we have fictitious election results that elects a fictitious president. We live in a time where we have a man sending us to war for fictitious reasons.
I don't compromise my values and I don't compromise my work. That's why I've been kicked from one network to the next: I won't give in.
The wealthy have never liked to pay for the labor that enriches them. Ever since slavery was eliminated, they have been trying to keep it as close to slavery as they can without violating the slave laws.
I say stupid white men are always the problem. That's never going to change.
Capitalism is against the things that we say we believe in - democracy, freedom of choice, fairness. It's not about any of those things now. It's about protecting the wealthy and legalizing greed.
We should be licensing everybody with a gun. I have to have a license for my dog. I have to have a license for my car. If you're going to do my hair later you have to have a license... We don't require a license to own a firearm?
We all need to be huge supporters of the theatrical documentary.
People like me who grew up in a working-class town, who don't have a college education, you don't usually hear from us.
Oprah's got good politics, she's got a good heart, and she'll have us all up Jazzercising at six in the morning. This cannot be a bad thing, and reading a book while we're Jazzercising. So America would be better off if Oprah were president.
My employees, there's no deductible in your health care. No deductible, absolutely not. You get paid sick days, as many as you need, personal days.
Healthcare should be between the doctor and the patient. And if the doctor says something needs to be done, the government should guarantee it gets paid for.
You need to have a relationship with what you put inside you. I don't want to get all spiritual about this, but I believe our bodies are a gift, and to deface it is disrespectful.
As far as what I do love, I love birds; I love lavender.
A sane person would think that Wal-Mart would never carry 'Capitalism: A Love Story' because it's simply not in their best interests to inform their customers of their shady past.
The American public believes that health care is a right and not a commodity.
There's a gullible side to the American people. They can be easily misled.
I'm a highly flawed individual, as we all are, and because I was raised by Jesuits, I'm constantly, 'What is it about me and what I can do to be better?'
There is nowhere in the four Gospels where Jesus uses the word 'homosexual.'
Democracy is not a spectator sport, it's a participatory event. If we don't participate in it, it ceases to be a democracy.
I don't believe that the Bush Administration had something to do with September 11th. I do believe that there were a lot of warning signals, but I don't think they were ignored on purpose - Bush just wanted to go to the ranch for a month.
One day there'll be no need for me. I'm actually hoping to put myself out of business.
There's only one movie theater in the entire city of Detroit. The entire city has one open movie theater, and it is in the - it is in the General Motors headquarters complex.
I'm the kind of person that believes there's a part of your voting that has to be purely on principle, and there's a part that has to be on strategy.
I think if people who are attacking me or against me, if they would just watch one of my films, they would - they may not agree with me politically on all the things I'm saying. But they will know at the end of the film that I love this country and that I have a heart. And they'll have a good laugh throughout the film.
Ask anyone on Social Security if their check comes on time every month. Like clockwork. And it comes through the so-called dilapidated U.S. mail. My dad's check literally will come on the same day every month. The government has been quite good and efficient at creating a number of systems.
I respect the fact that people have worked hard all week and want to go to the movies on the weekend and be entertained.
If you're in a diabetic or prediabetic state, it's good to have medication to go on for a period of time. But simply by making the changes - get your sleep, 35 grams of fiber and a half-hour walk - your cholesterol will come down, your sugar will come down, and your blood pressure will come down. Only the minority of people can't control it.
I had a newspaper in Flint, Michigan called the 'Flint Voice,' and so it was a, you know, underground, alternative newspaper that I edited and put out for about ten years.
I don't 'support the troops' or any of those other hollow and hypocritical platitudes uttered by Republicans and frightened Democrats. Here's what I do support: I support them coming home. I support them being treated well.
I was one of the first 18-year-olds in the United States elected to public office right after 18-year-olds got the right to vote back in the early '70s. I ran for the Board of Education.
Nobody had a credit card when I was a kid. No one had credit card debt. But these big companies and banks wanted to know how to get more money out of people - get them charging things.
It's not surprising to me that in a country born of racial genocide, the issue of race is still an open wound on the American soul. We haven't dealt with it.
When I'm shooting a movie, I'm always in an invisible theater seat. I respect the fact that people have worked hard all week and want to go to the movies on the weekend and be entertained.
The idea that cinema can be dangerous is a great idea.
I was a good little boy and a good student. I've never been arrested.
I think as a filmmaker my first contribution would just be to make a good movie that people would love to see and leave the theatre charged, with a sense of excitement.
It turns out Cuba has this incredible healthcare system for a very poor country.
Most liberals I know were for invading Afghanistan right after 9/11.
If we didn't have Social Security, our seniors would live mostly in poverty. You'd have another 18 million people in poverty.
Any time you got the Pope and the Dixie Chicks against you, your time is up.
The motivation for war is simple. The U.S. government started the war with Iraq in order to make it easy for U.S. corporations to do business in other countries. They intend to use cheap labor in those countries, which will make Americans rich.
I like America to some extent.
White people scare the crap out of me.
There's a gullible side to the American people. They can be easily misled. Religion is the best device used to mislead them.
Should such an ignorant people lead the world? How did it come to this in the first place? 82 percent of us don't even have a passport! Just a handful can speak a language other than English.
I personally hold Blair more responsible for this war than I do George Bush. The reason is, Blair knows better, Blair is not an idiot. What is he doing hanging around this guy?
The Iraqis who have risen up against the occupation are not 'insurgents' or 'terrorists' or 'The Enemy.' They are the revolution, the Minutemen, and their numbers will grow - and they will win.
Clinton was a pretty good president for a Republican.
The majority of Americans, the ones who never elected George W. Bush, are not fooled by his weapons of mass distraction.
A majority of this country opposes this war, a majority of this country never voted for this administration.
Listen friends, you have to face the truth: You are never going to be rich... The system is rigged in favor of the few, and your name is not among them, not now and not ever.
If there ever is a struggle, making a good movie will always supersede the need to be noble.
Because I have an opinion, I have become public enemy number one to the Fox News Channel and the right wing.
I'd feel bad if I had you come into a theater and you leave feeling ripped off.
There's politics in all aspects of our daily lives.
I mean if politics was my main motivation I would be doing politics. But I'm a filmmaker.
As you have fewer and fewer voices in a democracy, in a free society, it's not good to limit the number of voices.
But I'm not a member of the Democratic Party. If you know anything about me, anybody who's followed me, I'm the anti-Democrat. I have railed against the Democrats for a long time.
I'm tired of this discussion of capitalism and socialism; we live in the 21st century, we need an economic system that has democracy as its underpinnings and an ethical code.
Part of my job is to read the paper, watch C-Span and show things that haven't been shown or were buried.
Wall Street, the banks, and corporate America, has been able to call the shots here. They control our members of Congress and they get what they want.
I'm not a pundit. I'm not an analyst. I don't want to participate in the existing debate that's going on about whether or not you should be able to have as many guns as you want to have or that guns are even the problem.
I'm used to my films having little effect on making the world a better place.
I think I'm in the majority of Americans. I believe that I am in the mainstream of middle America.
I don't like to sit around whining about the corporate media, how they control everything, own everything. We already know that.
When I make a film, I'm not doing it purely for political reasons. If I just wanted to do that, I'd run for office.
If anything, I don't have to convince the American public that we have a broken health-care system. I think the majority of Americans since they have to go through that health-care system, already know it.
Yeah, I think of what I do as a work of journalism. It's more like the op-ed page, though. These are my opinions. My point of view. The opinions are mine and I let you make up your own mind.
This is the crux of the problem: because the Republicans and the right wing have been successful in almost eliminating unions, everyone else has suffered as a result.
Capitalism would have never let me be a filmmaker, living in Flint, Michigan with a high school education. I was going to have to make that happen myself.
Capitalism is an evil, and you cannot regulate evil. You have to eliminate it and replace it with something that is good for all people and that something is democracy.
We live in a time when fictitious election results elect a fictitious president. We live in a time where we have a man sending us to war for fictitious reasons.
Any time you've got both the Pope and the Dixie Chicks against you, you're not long for the White House.
Since 9/11, the Bush administration has used that tragic event as a justification to rip up our constitution and our civil liberties. And I honestly believe that one or two 9/11s, and martial law will be declared in our country and we're inching towards a police state.
Bush's presidency is revisionism-proof. We're going to be recovering from it for the rest of our lives.
If you're white, and you really want to help change things, why not start with yourself?
Every parent wants to do what's best for their child. Whatever I can afford, I'm going to get my kid the best education I can get.
When you come from the working class and you do well enough whereby you can provide a little bit better for your family, get a decent roof over their head and send them to a good school, that's considered a good thing.
No one is entertained by economics.
I watch way too much C-SPAN.
I certainly believe that I have no right to tell another couple whether they can or cannot be married.
The American media wants to pump you full of fear.
Capitalism is an evil, and you cannot regulate evil.
Every night I watch the nightly news. It's funded by the pharmaceutical companies. Virtually every ad is a drug ad. They get their say every night on the nightly news through advertising.
I and you and everyone else has to be a political activist.
Four hundred obscenely wealthy individuals, 400 little Mubaraks - most of whom benefited in some way from the multi-trillion-dollar taxpayer bailout of 2008 - now have more cash, stock and property than the assets of 155 million Americans combined.
My dad was an autoworker, my mom was a clerk. Until I was thirty-five, I never made more than fifteen thousand dollars a year.
I still believe the lessons I learned when I was raised in a Roman Catholic household. Like, it's harder for a rich man to get into Heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle.
All of our political parties are bought and paid for by corporate America, Wall Street, and the wealthy interests. The Republican Party more so, but the Democrats take their share of the loot, too.
I take much of the attacks and the criticism toward me as being very class-based, but as Americans we don't like to acknowledge that reality.
I do believe that we are to love our enemies and do good to those who persecute you. I believe that there is power and strength in that.
I believe that when you provide information to people, they become less fearful and they will engage more in their democracy if they are empowered with information.
We're never gonna get rid of crazy people. They've been around for thousands of years - they'll continue to be around; they'll continue to do horrible things.
I'm interested to see what happens with Fox News and phone hacking. I really can't believe it just happens in Great Britain. Because really, who cares about just hacking phones over there?
I assume everything I'm saying in an email or saying on the telephone is being looked at.
Every fact in my films is true. And yet how often do I have to read over and over again about supposed falsehoods?
The movie theater is never going away. If that was a case why are there still restaurants? People still have kitchens in their home!
I ask all Americans with a conscience to shun anything and everything to do with the murderous state of Georgia.
If you reduce the guns and the ammo, you'll reduce the murders.
I think the NRA, they got it half-right when they say, 'Guns don't kill people, people kill people.' I change it to, 'Guns don't kill people, Americans kill people.'
For a documentary filmmaker, I do very well.
There's no violence coming from the Occupy protesters.
Documentaries are a form of journalism.
My films don't have instant impact because they're dense with ideas that people have not thought about. It takes a while for the American public to wrap its head around some of the things I'm saying.
Halliburton is not a 'company' doing business in Iraq. It is a war profiteer, bilking millions from the pockets of average Americans. In past wars, they would have been arrested - or worse.
I did not like 'The Hurt Locker.' It's a lazy way to make a movie, frankly. I could put you on the edge of your seat quite easily, and have you feel the tension for 2 hours, if every other scene practically is, 'Should we cut the red wire or the green wire?'
'Champagne' and 'breathmint' are the first two words all Oscar winners hear.
There should be no private health insurance companies operating for profit.
How could a guy sitting in a cave in Afghanistan, have... plotted so perfectly the hijacking of four planes and then guaranteed that three of them would end up precisely on their targets?
What I'm asking for is a new economic order. I don't know how to construct that; I'm not an economist.
It really is disgusting when a guy in a ball cap with a high school education is the one asking the tough questions.
I think movies are too long.
There's been almost a dozen films that have been made against me. There's actually more films made attacking me than films I've made.
I have never owned a share of stock in my life, and the only time I've double dipped into anything is at the snack tray.
I did a filmstrip on pollution in the Davison area as my Eagle Scout project and showed it around town. Businesses who were the polluters were mad at me.
I'm caught up probably just as much in the consumer culture as the next person.
I've been encouraging documentary filmmakers to use more and more humor, and they're loath to do that because they think if it's a documentary it has to be deadly serious - it has to be like medicine that you're supposed to take. And I think it's what keeps the mass audience from going to documentaries.
All art is about appealing to emotion.
Television has its own award. It's called the Emmy. It's a good award. I like it. I have one. But you don't see movies like 'The King's Speech' win Oscars and then go to TV and qualify for Emmys. In documentaries, some networks have been able to game the system.
Now that I exist in the mainstream majority, I'm not really so controversial any more, am I? Not really news.
I don't talk in sound bites.
All religions teach the same basic thing, that you have to stand up for those that are considered the worst.
Somehow, I don't think Jesus came to Earth to ring the bell at the New York Stock Exchange.
Back in the '80s and '90s, when GM was consistently posting giant profits, they were simultaneously firing tens of thousands of workers in my hometown of Flint and across Michigan.
One of the basic tenets of the working class is you want to get out of the working class.
One thing I've learned about death threats is that they're great, actually. You should actually be grateful for death threats because those who are taking the time to threaten you that way are getting it out of their system. That's really what they rant to do, yell at you, and they want to threaten you.
I don't support the troops, America, and neither do you.
I've never supported this concept of going after Napster. I think the rock bands who fought this were wrong.
I remember the first time I received a cassette tape of a band called The Clash. I became an instant fan of the Clash and then bought their albums after that and went to their concerts and gave them my money... but I first got it for free.
I don't even like DVDs. Honest to God, in my lifetime, I might have rented a dozen DVDs, literally gone into a video store and rented a dozen DVDs in my lifetime, because I don't like to see movies that way. I like to see them on the big screen.
They said VCRs would kill the movies; it didn't.
I'm from the Midwest, and guys like me don't go on diets. We don't do well on spinning classes.
It's a lot of hard work to do a weekly TV show. It's certainly not fun.
I've always felt so grateful that I dropped out of school, that I never had to do a thesis. I wouldn't know how to organise and structure myself to film so that B follows A and C follows B.
I'm not a pundit. I'm not an analyst.
If the Founding Fathers could have looked into a crystal ball and seen AK-47s and Glock semi-automatic pistols, I think they would say, you know, 'That's not really what we mean when we say bear arms.'
I - honestly, I don't know of a worse lie one could tell other than a lie to take a country to war. To make up things to take people to war. That's just got to be the most obscene, immoral thing to do.
Democrats have a history of backing away, backing down.
Here's what I don't think works: An economic system that was founded in the 16th century and another that was founded in the 19th century. I'm tired of this discussion of capitalism and socialism; we live in the 21st century; we need an economic system that has democracy as its underpinnings and an ethical code.
The Justice Department needs to investigate how Goldman Sachs was able to steer things in such a manner through their former employees in the Bush administration, so that in the end Goldman's competitors have disappeared and Goldman is left standing.
There's not democracy in the workplace. I mean, through most of our daily lives, the idea of democracy is fairly nonexistent. And I think things work better when the people who have to work with whatever it is we're working with have a say in how it's working.
I'm not a proselytizer. I was raised Catholic. I am a Catholic.
Librarians in America do something like a couple of billion dollars worth of book business every year.
This book, 'Stupid White Men,' has sold now over four million copies worldwide. Probably about half of that may be in the U.S. and Canada, and the rest, overseas.
I rallied against Clinton when he was in office. I didn't vote for him in '96. I didn't vote for Gore in 2000.
I'll tell you who doesn't have any personal responsibility. Companies like General Electric and others who pay absolutely no income tax.
People of my age who went to college, go into college, you know what it cost back then? Nothing or next to nothing. At the most, you had to work at Dairy Queen during the summer and that would pay for your college education.
Most Americans are very responsible.
Sometimes it's important to vote - you know, to make a statement, to make a point; certainly, many of us who were involved in the Nader campaign in 2000 felt that way.
Nobody has been arrested on Wall Street for the crash of 2008. They're not paying their fair share of the taxes. And now with the Citizens United case of the Supreme Court, they get to buy politicians up out in the open.
There's nothing pure about capitalism.
I'm very blessed and fortunate that people want to go see my movies.
Three of the top six documentaries of all time, grossing, are made by me.
I'm a religious fanatic? Yes, I am, actually.
For my very first movie, 'Roger and Me,' I made it as part of my deal with Warner Brothers that the four people that were evicted in that film, that Warner Brothers would house - would pay their mortgage or their rent for the next two years to give them a chance to get on their feet.
If one job doesn't pay all the bills, don't worry. You can get another one and another one and another one.
The upper 1 percent, the people down on Wall Street, the corporate executives, they're the people that control this economy.
Back in the late '90s, I put together a humorous newsmagazine program called 'The Awful Truth' for Bravo. We helped one guy get an organ transplant whose insurance company had refused to pay. I thought, if we could save a guy's life in a 10-minute segment on cable, what could we do if we devoted a whole movie to a whole bunch of people?
If we say, 'The government sucks,' we're kind of saying that we suck.
If the guy out in the woods with the Michigan Militia is a real estate negotiator, instead of some crackpot, and has a normal life, that's unnerving. You don't want to think it's as normal as the guy next door, hedging his lawn. It's easier to demonize or separate them off from 'us.'
Many criminals believe what they say is true; they could pass a lie detector test.
Building up the arms did not cause the fall of Eastern Europe.
How do you deliver democracy to a country? You don't do it down the barrel of a gun. That's not how you deliver it.
My film about Bush didn't prevent his reelection.
You know we are flawed people, so if someone is going to make a movie about me, they don't have to make it up. My real flaws are much funnier.
Everybody gets sick; everybody has had a problem with insurance or the prescription drugs they're supposed to be taking or an elderly parent who needs care.
What really went wrong is that General Motors has had this philosophy from the beginning that what's good for General Motors is good for the country. So, their attitude was, 'We'll build it and you buy it. We'll tell you what to buy. You just buy it.'
A common denominator among big guys like me who are trying to take care of our health is that we're not getting enough sleep.
We should all spend some time of our life doing service to our country. To me, I would give up a couple of years.
Most people don't see themselves as Democrats or Republicans. They see themselves as Americans.
I'm actually a fairly conservative person. I live a very conservative lifestyle.
I was taught from a very early age that it was probably the most American thing you can do is to question what's going on and to try to fix things that you see that aren't right. I believed that as a young person, and I believe that today.
I was kind of a strange child. My parents knew early on that something must have been wrong with me. I crawled backwards until I was two, but had Kennedy's inaugural address memorized by the time I was six.
The 'fiscal cliff' is a ruse, an invention by the right and the rich, to try and keep their huge tax breaks.
You think history is going to remember the United States as a great democracy? No, they're going to think of us as a nation that became addicted to war. They'll call us warlords.
No 22-year-old should have to enter the real world already in a virtual debtors' prison.
Army Specialist Bradley Manning deserves a medal, not prison.
'Zero Dark Thirty' is a disturbing, fantastically-made movie. It will make you hate torture.
I have enormous respect for anyone who would offer to sacrifice their life to defend my right to live. Is there any greater gift one can give another?
Middle class jobs prevent crime and violence.
The vast majority of the guns in the U.S. are sold to white people who live in the suburbs or the country. When we fantasize about being mugged or home invaded, what's the image of the perpetrator in our heads? Is it the freckled-face kid from down the street - or is it someone who is, if not black, at least poor?
Diets are a scam.
Republicans are relentless and they're smart, too - they're not all dumb - and on Election Day, they'll be up at five in the morning.
The No. 1 cause of bankruptcies is medical bills.
I went without health insurance until 'Roger & Me,' basically - from about age 20 till about age 35. With 'Roger & Me,' I joined the Directors Guild and the Writers Guild, and since then I've had excellent health care managed by the union.
New York City has become a place where it's not easy for the working class to even live.
L.A. - talk about a cruel city: Patients are forcibly removed from hospitals.
There's nothing inherently or patently wrong with anybody who does well, works hard, earns a living, betters themselves. I'm not against any of these things. It's about how you make that money, and then what you do with it.
Our laws demand that a corporation have a fiduciary responsibility with shareholders to maximize profits. They are legally required to make as much money as possible, any way possible within 'the law.'
I have been aspiring to write some sort of literature for a long time.
I've always been sort of confused by the trajectory my life has taken. I was supposed to be on an assembly line building Buicks.
If your bank took bailout money, take your money out of that bank and put it in a credit union. Credit unions are owned by the people who have their money in the credit union.
I think there are few things more patriotic than taking the time to make your country a better place.
The purpose of art actually is, in many cases, to make you feel quite uncomfortable. Or at least to go to that place that's already of discomfort inside of you and tap into that.
I've read stories of slave owners who were very generous. They didn't keep them in shackles, they didn't whip the slaves, they built schools and churches for them, free housing, free food, free everything. It's wrong. No matter how nice you make it look, it's wrong.
Under Reagan came the idea of putting your pension plan in the stock market, which wasn't a guaranteed pension.
The money to fund great things and innovations and programs is gone in our lifetime; it's all gone to debt. So we won't be able to solve global warming or have the transportation that we needed for the 21st century. We should be supporting people with great ideas, but it's gone, and now it's gotta be paid back with interest to banks in China.
I get called 'controversial' all the time.
I'm going to guess Republicans and Democrats, liberals and conservatives, all want clean air to breathe and clean water to drink. I'm sure most people think women should be paid the same as men if they're doing the same job. I think we all want good schools for our kids. If we made that list, we actually are in agreement on more things.
In some states, you can vote a straight party ticket, but you can't vote for individual candidates.
It should be a crime to make a profit off somebody being sick.
I tell everybody on the first day of making a movie that if anyone's here to further their career, they should leave. I'm gonna make the movie in such a way that we won't have a career when this movie comes out. Because the people who hold the moneybags are not going to want to share any of that money with us to make the next movie!
Capitalism and democracy are the opposite of each other. Capitalism is a system that guarantees that a few are going to do very well, and everybody else is going to serve the few. Democracy means everybody has a seat at the table. Everybody.
I don't want to be pigeonholed into the guy who's against everything.
This life is a gift, and to reject that gift or abuse that gift is not human and not worthy of us.
I want Americans to realize that we are the owners of this country, and that one person can make a difference.
Politicians never keep all their promises.
Comedy is a great slayer of rogues in power.
Filmmakers and artists always thrive during more liberal times.
I have a rule: I want the pilot flying me up in the air at 30,000 feet to make more than a guy working at Taco Bell.
You know, an opinion can be right or wrong.
The media love to cover black people on the front page. After all, when you live in a society that will lock up about 30 percent of all black men at some time in their lives and send more of them to prison than to college, chances are a fair number of those black faces will end up in the newspaper.
Transporting Americans is and should be one of the most important functions our government must address.
Contrary to what those in power would like you to believe so that you'll give up your pension, cut your wages, and settle for the life your great-grandparents had, America is not broke. Not by a long shot. The country is awash in wealth and cash.
WikiLeaks, God bless them, will save lives as a result of their actions.
The entire business world has figured out how to make huge buckets of money without hiring us to work for them.
The days of using my name as a pejorative are now over. The right wing turned me into an accidental spokesperson for the liberal, majority agenda.
