American,Actor
I was talking on the phone in my trailer, and I looked in the mirror and I saw the badge clipped to my belt, a gun with a holster, and the suit and the tie with the jacket off, and it was just deja vu. I remember that image so clearly from growing up. My dad would come home for lunch, take off his jacket, have the gun and the badge.
Guys like scars! They're like war wounds.
Before I pursued acting full-time, I had every intention of going into some form of law enforcement work.
I come back home almost every weekend, or my wife comes up every other weekend to Vancouver. So, in that sense, we make it work. It's just a great city. It's a great country. They've been good to me, and I have no problems being up there.
Oftentimes, actors don't have the luxury of picking their part. You go from one project to the next, and you hope that you find one that fits you and that you're suited for, and then they see that you're fit for it.
I have a coffee mug that my dad gave me years ago that has the San Mateo police logo and my dad's name on it, so I brought it to set and used it in a scene. I mean, you don't see it, it's not prominently featured, but I just wanted that connectivity.
I don't want to get pigeon-holed into a certain kind of character. I love action roles and the hero, but I want to keep trying something new.
I really believe that we have the power to manifest our own fates.
I jumped out of an airplane on my 34th birthday because I promised myself I would. I have an interest in confronting my fears.
That's probably fair to say that there is a certain amount of pressure to deliver your next role when you do have a fan base as potent as the 'Battlestar Galactica' family. There was certainly a lot of curiosity to all of us on that show - what are you going to do next? Where can we see you next? That was a question we got more often than not.
I'm the luckiest guy alive.
My friends all tell me I was born with a horseshoe up my butt.
I didn't want 'BSG' to have to rewrite Anders as a sniveling, whining ball of despair who's hiding out in the corner.
It's an interesting plot device to enter in a third wheel - it always helps raise the stakes for all parties involved. But often, those characters can be one-dimensional.
I want to be embraced by the audience, but it's fun to stir up the pot.
For me, a career highlight was being on 'Battlestar Galactica.' Roles like that don't come along very often.
If I hadn't become an actor, I would've pursued a race-car driving career.
Police work was fascinating, and I didn't imagine that acting was something a kid from San Mateo, California, could really pursue.
I am part of a circuit called 24 Hours of LeMons, where it's a sort of riff on 24 Hours of Le Mans. It's a poor man's weekend warrior racer event.
A lot of shows have couples with issues inside the relationship.
You just can't fake chemistry.
I try to have a true line in every character I play.
I hate to dance. The thought of having to dance terrifies me.
The single most important thing in learning my craft was being on the stage.
The most important thing is to illicit some reaction, good or bad. If some people are repellent to me, so be it. If some people are attracted to me, great. At the end, that's the object of entertainment - you want to provoke a reaction.
I'm not accustomed to taking a swing at a woman's head. That's not in my DNA.
