American,Politician
If a hurricane strikes, we can blame the president for not being there; we can blame Congress and FEMA; we can blame the state governments; but in the end, it's the mayors and the local city governments that have to be prepared for emergencies and be prepared to act.
The World Trade Center site will forever hold a special place in our city, in our hearts. But we would be untrue to the best part of ourselves and who we are as New Yorkers and Americans if we said no to a mosque in lower Manhattan.
I am what I am and, you know, I'm a very lucky guy.
We will go forward... we will never go back.
This is the city of dreamers and time and again it's the place where the greatest dream of all, the American dream, has been tested and has triumphed.
Taxes are not good things, but if you want services, somebody's got to pay for them so they're a necessary evil.
Nobody is going to delegate a lot of power to a secretary that they can't control.
Stubborn isn't a word I would use to describe myself; pigheaded is more appropriate.
The cold harsh reality is that we have to balance the budget.
We will rebuild, renew and remain the capital of the free world.
And I think the more money you put in people's hands, the more they will spend. And if they don't spend it, they invest it. And investing it is another way of creating jobs. It puts money into mutual funds or other kinds of banks that can go out and make loans, and we need to do that.
People use so much more health care when they live longer.
What has changed is that people have stopped working together.
This society cannot go forward, the way we have been going forward, where the gap between the rich and the poor keeps growing. It's not politically viable; it's not morally right; it's just not going to happen.
We may not always agree with every one of our neighbors. That's life. And it's part of living in such a diverse and dense city. But we also recognize that part of being a New Yorker is living with your neighbors in mutual respect and tolerance. It was exactly that spirit of openness and acceptance that was attacked on 9/11, 2001.
You can't depend on polls.
Canada sets aside 36 percent of their visas for people with skills they think their country needs. We set aside six percent. We educate the doctors, and then don't give 'em a green card.
And because no matter who you are, if you believe in yourself and your dream, New York will always be the place for you.
I mean, you know, we don't live in a perfect world.
To a contrarian like me, constant advice not to do something almost always starts me quickly down the risky, unpopular path.
We cannot continue. Our pension costs and health care costs for our employees are going to bankrupt this city.
On Sept. 11, 2001, thousands of first responders heroically rushed to the scene and saved tens of thousands of lives. More than 400 of those first responders did not make it out alive. In rushing into those burning buildings, not one of them asked, 'What God do you pray to?' What beliefs do you hold?'
I know how to make decisions and stand up to the criticism every day.
No place epitomizes the American experience and the American spirit more than New York City.
Look, we live in a very dangerous world. We know there are people who want to take away our freedoms. New Yorkers probably know that as much if not more than anybody else after the terrible tragedy of 9/11.
We can only create good jobs if we make smarter investments in infrastructure and do more to support small businesses, not stiff them.
The public is mad, frustrated, but what the public wants is progress.
I think we are not serious about attacking the long-term debt problem, and that's one of the things that he's going to have to find a way to get on the agenda.
You know, I start with the assumption that -or with, with the belief that this president has to succeed. We all have an enormous amount of capital invested in his success. His success is the country's success.
If Warren Buffett made his money from ordinary income rather than capital gains, his tax rate would be a lot higher than his secretary's. In fact a very small percentage of people in this country pay a big chunk of the taxes.
People have no confidence that Washington, both sides of aisle, are coming together to try and do what's right for the economy.
You can't define what's middle class, what is wealthy, what is poor.
And if I were the president, I'd go out there and I'd emphasize the things I have done, and I'd say, 'Some things haven't worked, and I'm sorry about that, but I keep trying.' And I'm - and I think the president is a very viable candidate, and you're going to have a real horse race here no matter who the Republican nominee is.
You have to take away some of tax breaks for the wealthy, and you have to cut back on some entitlements. Because, unless we do all of these things, it just doesn't work. And what's good theater and what's good politics isn't necessarily good economic policy.
What goes on in Europe concerns us greatly because, if Europe comes apart, the E.U. comes apart, then you're going to have enormous impact on America, that's a very big trading partner of ours, and people own securities around the world in this day and age.
Whatever you may think of the proposed mosque and community center, lost in the heat of the debate has been a basic question: Should government attempt to deny private citizens the right to build a house of worship on private property based on their particular religion?
We would betray our values and play into our enemies' hands if we were to treat Muslims differently than anyone else. In fact, to cave to popular sentiment would be to hand a victory to the terrorists, and we should not stand for that.
The politics of partisanship and the resulting inaction and excuses have paralyzed decision-making, primarily at the federal level, and the big issues of the day are not being addressed, leaving our future in jeopardy.
I'm not going to run for president. No way, no how.
I have the best job I could possibly have.
Capitalism works.
I don't believe that government is good at picking technology, particularly technology that is changing. By the time you get it done and go through democracy, it's so outdated.
There is no accountability today... no willingness to focus on big ideas.
Last I looked - and I'm not a candidate - but last time I checked reading about the Constitution, the Electoral College has nothing to do with parties, has absolutely nothing to do with parties. It's most states are winners take all.
You know, if it's a three-way race, the public has more choice than if it's a two-way race, and has more choice in a two-way race than a one-way race.
America is built around this premise that you can do it, and there are an awful lot of people who are unlikely to have done it who did.
I'd be happy to provide advice if anybody asked me no matter who the President is.
What chance does a five-foot-seven billionaire Jew who's divorced really have of becoming president?
I know something about how to build constituencies in an independent way.
When I came into office, people said, 'Billionaire? How do they live? What do they eat? How do they sleep?' Today, they see me on the subway coming uptown. A couple of people say hi, some people smile and nod. Some people just sleep. It's not an issue.
We should remember it wasn't so long ago that confidence in New York was in short supply.
China is investing in factories in Eastern Europe, not because their labor costs are lower, but because they want to be closer to their markets.
Unemployment in America today is too high. And part of the reason, unfortunately, is that many companies cannot fill the high-skilled jobs increasingly at risk of going overseas.
Progress really is possible.
Our goal here in New York is to ensure that every child who graduates high school is ready to start a career or start college and to dramatically increase the number of students that graduate from college.
There is no business in America that would be prevented from taking results into account when making personnel decisions.
I never lie, so if somebody asked me a question, I told them.
I've always thought if we don't want to enforce laws on the books, we should remove them from the books. But when you have laws, you breed contempt if you don't enforce them.
Government shouldn't tell you whom to marry.
You can't sit there and worry about everything.
I don't know why you should be proud of something. It doesn't make you any better or worse. You are what you are.
My father worked all the time.
There's a fascinating statistic: One out of every four people in America has visited New York since 9/11. It is astounding. Now, I don't know how you count it; it's some people coming multiple times.
The level of analysis that is done when you see laws created, whether it's the city or state or federal level - it's much more horse-trading than analysis.
If you really believe that you're making a difference and that you can leave a legacy of better schools and jobs and safer streets, why would you not spend the money? The objective is to improve the schools, bring down crime, build affordable housing, clean the streets - not to have a fair fight.
We can be certain that cities around the world will compete for the jobs that the next revival of the financial services industry will bring.
Trees will improve property values, take pollutants out of the air, help with water runoff.
The CIA will only hire people with impeccable credentials to be a translator. 'Impeccable credentials' means you've never lived outside the United States.
I'm trying to change the culture in New York City; that's hard enough!
I do think there are certain times we should infringe on your freedom.
The people who are worried about privacy have a legitimate worry. But we live in a complex world where you're going to have to have a level of security greater than you did back in the olden days, if you will. And our laws and our interpretation of the Constitution, I think, have to change.
I think one of the great dangers here is going and categorizing anybody from one religion as a terrorist. That's not true... That would let the terrorists win. That's what they want us to do.
I've been a Democrat, I've been a Republican, and I eventually became an independent because I don't believe either party has a monopoly on good ideas or strong leadership.
When the Founding Fathers arrived here in Philadelphia to forge a new nation, they didn't come as Democrats or Republicans or to nominate a presidential candidate. They came as patriots who feared party politics.
Because of my success in the private sector, I had the chance to run America's largest city for 12 years, governing in the wake of its greatest tragedy.
Today, as an independent, an entrepreneur, and a former mayor, I believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower. Someone who can bring members of Congress together to get things done. And I know Hillary Clinton can do that because I saw it firsthand.
I understand the appeal of a businessman president. But Trump's business plan is a disaster in the making.
America is the greatest country on Earth - and when people vote with their feet, they come here.
No matter what you may think about her politics or her record, Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television; this is reality. She understands the job of president. It involves finding solutions, not pointing fingers; and offering hope, not stoking fear.
