American,Actress
We're all flawed people at the end of the day; I don't know any perfect people.
If I find anything vintage, I'll have it tailored for my body.
Some days I really love being a mom, and some days I don't! It's crazy - I'm tired of packing lunches!
It's really challenging to play comedy.
I'm not too modest of a person. I've got a pretty blue sense of humor.
I don't really look like I do in any of my films.
I think if you find that you're making a judgment on the character, than your audience will make a judgment on the character.
I think there's a misconception, often times, I think society portrays truckers as people who can't get a better job or maybe uneducated, and I think that's a really unfair assessment.
I'm not so Hollywood; I live in New York, so it's very normal. I don't have many friends in the industry. My friends come from all sorts of different backgrounds and careers.
I really want to do good work. I really do. My priority isn't stardom.
I can't imagine anything more debilitating, anything more challenging, anything more thrilling than to get on a stage and do any kind of play. It is such a vulnerable place for any actor to be in.
I smoked for almost 10 years. I really regret that. Thankfully, I came out on the other side. I hope my lungs are repairing themselves now.
I live in L.A., so layers are essential to my wardrobe. I like slim silhouettes, typically, and I love good tailoring.
I really believe in less is more in terms of makeup. I try not to wear too much foundation. I like to see my skin coming through. I like to see my freckles. I just think that's the most youthful look.
If you look at 'Breaking Bad,' nothing lacks.
I want to be inside Nic Pizzolatto's brain.
As much as I can and am able to, with the projects that are presented to me, I try to just really choose things that are challenging and are something I haven't tackled before.
It's an interesting opportunity to do a long-form character and really have the time to find the nuance over an extended period of time. You can really dig deep.
When I was growing up, my parents took in foster children. From a young age, I learned that there are a lot of children in need.
I am a firm believer that you can make a difference in someone's life - whether they're thousands of miles away, or on your own block.
I come from a very working class background. My dad worked in a factory for 40 years. We all put ourselves through school.
I have nice muscle tone in my arms. I can't really take credit for it, though - all the members of my family do. A lot of arm wrestling happened in our family growing up!
I graduated with a class of 35 people. We had basically just enough people to actually have a play.
I was just fascinated with how everyone else in the world lived, and I was interested in telling their story.
I'm still really fascinated with characters and people and telling their stories.
I really love the festival circuit.
