American,Entertainer
I thought the Secret Service would protect me from the press, but they were at my house to protect me from assassins with guns, not with assassins with pencils.
I mean, people need to remember without the grassroots, Ronald Reagan probably doesn't become president of the United States of America and he worked the grassroots on a regular basis during his political career and especially between the years of 1976 and 1980 after the loss in Kansas City.
Nancy is superstitious.
My adoption was treated as a celebration.
You just watch somebody you love slowly, slowly disappear and go away.
It's hard to learn about your parents' courtship.
It was my sister Maureen who was responsible for my becoming a Reagan.
I knew if I waited long enough, the Republican Party would rock.
Dad sometimes patted me on the knee and called me his Little Schmuck.
Everyone seemed to want a piece of Ronald Reagan. It was maddening.
With the blessings of liberty, we have responsibilities to defend it.
I constantly looked for motherly protection.
Dad was the only adult male I ever trusted.
Because of my father, we are that Shining City on a Hill.
The odds against an adoptee ending up as the child of the President of the United States are staggering. But then, so are the odds against a movie star becoming president.
I think he would have been proud and smiling... when we laid him to rest because his family was together. I think that was a great gift to be able to give Dad at the end.
You know my father as governor, as president, but I knew him as dad. I was so proud to have the Reagan name and to be Ronald Reagan's son.
Senator Arlen Specter hasn't really switched parties; he's simply realized he cannot win the Pennsylvania Republican primary election.
I didn't feel I belonged in so perfect a family.
Being sent away to school was no different from my biological mother giving me away.
I can fake anything.
Hollywood was never great for children.
I started to build barriers between myself and others to protect myself.
Everyone thought I had everything. I had nothing.
I had never said, 'dad, I love you.'
I was an angry kid.
