American,Athlete
Sometimes my body is aching, but I always think, 'Why am I in this? Why do I love it so much?' That's what makes me persevere, that's what makes me keep on going.
You can always say, 'I wish I had landed that triple flip better, or I wish I didn't fall.' They're not regrets, just mistakes.
I always thought after 2002 that I'd hang up my skates and turn professional and just go on tour and do shows. But I don't know when it is enough. I mean, I still enjoy it. I'm the luckiest girl alive that I get to perform in front of thousands of people, do what I love doing.
I was so worried about winning, it was as if I was caught up in my own web.
Skating takes up 70 percent of my time, school about 25 percent. Having fun and talking to my friends, 5 percent. It's hard. I envy other kids a lot of things, but I get a guilt trip when I'm not training.
I got a call this morning, and it was from Nancy Kerrigan, wishing me luck. She wished me luck and sent me all her good wishes.
I don't really remember a time younger than 5 years old that I didn't have skates on because all I can remember is every day, tying up my skates and a big smile on my face, excited to go on the ice.
There's a lot of emotions that always come out after a skate of a lifetime. I always start crying because there is so much buildup to that competition.
I had dreamed of being at the Olympics since I was 7 years old.
As I've gotten older and grown more independent, I think for myself, and that's how it should be.
I'm a big eater.
What I love the most is getting on the ice and just popping in a fabulous CD and skating - all by myself, the rink completely empty, just me and the music.
Because I'm pushing my body so hard already, the last thing I want to do is have music that's really too strong, in my head.
I actually prefer soothing music - and maybe that's the skater in me.
To represent your country is an honor and a great experience.
Skating has given me so much that it's priceless.
When I was younger, I always dreamed of being a legend, to be remembered in figure skating.
I would just love to be able to give back to figure skating.
I want to see how far I can train. I have to see how far my body will go.
As an athlete, I've always been very proud to represent the United States.
