American,Actor
Sometimes it's good to be naive.
I feel lucky. I feel blessed. If you get blessed with some ability, I think you have to work hard at it. Michael Jordan was a great basketball player, but he wasn't the best shooter, even though he had the skill, and he had to work and work at it.
It feels good, pouring your heart out over something, and then all of a sudden people are getting inspired.
I didn't realise I lived in the ghetto until we moved out.
The only time that I really go on Twitter is to promote, because what sucks is there's some weird trolling going around. Even if you are well-intentioned, there's some mean people behind a keyboard.
It was an event whenever 'CHiPs' would come on in my house. There wasn't a lot of Latin people being hired to star in TV shows or movies back in the day. Not only was it a fun show, there was a Latino starring in it - so we thought it was extra cool.
I came to L.A. when I was 19, and my two roommates were blue-eyed, blond dudes. I helped coach them, and they both landed pilots.
I never wanted to be in a gang. I didn't want to follow anybody's orders.
You have to work on your own thing. You have to work on yourself, and you have to bring something to the game.
I don't think people are experiencing superhero fatigue. Do you hear people complaining that there are too many action movies? I think it's good entertainment.
'Spider-Man' seems to have a different tone to the pure Marvel stuff, but I really enjoyed the 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' and 'Iron Man' movies. I love the special effects and how it seems very real, but at the same time, it still lives within the realm of Marvel. That's got to be a lot of work.
I want to find my own rhythm and style. That's probably the harder way to approach it, but I think it will pay off in the long run.
I think writing is the most underrated thing in Hollywood.
I grew up in the ghetto, and the thing is when there were problems, I knew when to get away.
Every time I said, 'Man, I'm doing CHiPs,' 100% of the time they would ask, 'Is Erik Estrada going to be in it?'
I remember my seventh-grade chemistry teacher told me I'd never amount to anything. I thought, 'Hmm. OK.' That gave me motivation to prove her wrong.
My understanding, when I think of immigration, is like... you know, this country was built on immigrants: the German, the Polish, the Italian, the Jewish, the Russians, the Eastern Europeans. So, all these people came in, and I don't know who decided like, 'No, that's it! There's a cap on it! No more people.'
Some horror movies are just for shock value, so it doesn't really feel scary.
A good director is like a good coach. You want to play for him. You want to really show him your good stuff. You don't want to let that person down. Ridley Scott is one of those guys.
You have to make your choices however you see fit and just keep your integrity as best you can.
Play the role as a human being... human beings are three-dimensional.
I grew up reading the newspapers, mostly the sports section. I was a wrestler and would check to see if I was ranked.
I guess people recognize me, but I'm not a household name. Two out of every five people who come up to me know my name. The one thing I don't want is to be followed by paparazzi.
I used to tour with this band. I was a drummer. I would tour a bunch for about 10 months out of the year and act for about two months. I would make what I needed from acting and would stretch it out.
I've always noticed that girls cry way easier than guys do.
I want to do more sci-fi films. I want to play half-alien, half-illegal alien.
I think about where I grew up and how I grew up: my dad was making $25,000 a year. Taking a chance wasn't really taking a chance. It was like you were going for something better. To me, there wasn't that much risk involved.
I was in L.A., like, four months, and I got my first part. Then I was like, 'OK, I'm staying.'
There are not too many times when a movie's not cynical, you know what I mean?
I think, in any debate, you have to respect the other person's point of view, if you agree or disagree.
For me, when I do my best acting, it's mainly imagination. Then I really have a lot of fun with it.
The reality that everyone is stereotyped - every one gets typecast, so you have to work to get out of that.
I am not afraid to play Latin roles - that was a big part of my life.
I've been an actor for 20 years, and I think the first 14 years, it was all struggling. At first, it was all gangsters.
You can think you know somebody. But when they're trying to punch you in the face, you really know somebody. You learn their tendencies.
There's a certain weird something. I'm always nervous when I spar. You learn it's going to hurt, but it's only going to hurt for a little bit. It brings out the animal in you to an extent. You learn what you can take.
There are certain people you don't have to worry about on set.
A shootout is a shootout. You go in and get the bad guys.
There's an immigration problem in every country that has money, in that people there have a problem with immigration.
I'm an American, and I live pretty well. But go down to Mexico, and a lot of people really don't. So what, we're going to blame them for trying to get out?
I'm into looking at things from the other point of view. And if you look at who votes in the Oscars, mostly older Jewish guys, they're going to vote for stuff they relate to. Do they relate to NWA? I doubt it.
What's funny isn't really me. What I do is point out what I find funny in others.
All the guys at Marvel are really passionate, and they love entertaining folks, and they really think about the story, and there's a lot of thought that goes into that.
You know, one of my favorite movies that inspired me and got me started was 'Dead Poet's Society.'
I went to a prep school in Chicago, and my dad and mom worked really hard - even though we lived in the ghetto - to get me to there. A lot of it had to do with 'Stand and Deliver' and 'Dead Poet's Society.' It does help you. It inspires you. It definitely did for me.
Regardless of whatever job you do, you want to see the importance of it or how it can be important. I think by inspiring the people that I come from - if I inspire anyone - would be worth it.
'War on Everyone,' I think... the script was hilarious to me, but it's very dark, dark humor. It's super dark.
Drama is basically what I do, so it's a compliment that people think it's hard for me to get back to drama.
One of my favorite movies is 'Broadway Danny Rose.'
I'd love to work with Woody Allen.
'End of Watch' was 98-percent written, and I work really hard to make it look like it's the first time I'm saying it.
I loved WWF as a kid.
The reason I love Lollapalooza is because it's a great music festival.
I used to live off of nothing.
When you finish a drama, you go, 'I can't wait to do a comedy.' When you finish a comedy, you go, 'I want to do a dramedy, dark humor.'
I'm super grateful, and whenever somebody offers me something, and I'm doing it, I always try to give 110%.
Seth Rogen told me to read 'Preacher,' and 'Preacher' was amazing.
I didn't know too much about 'Ant-Man.'
I don't know about you, but for me, if I got to present any kind of award, I'm shaking in my pants.
I was in really good shape after I finished this movie, 'End of Watch.'
My brother and my father both got laid off around the same that I was starting to do this movie 'Chavez.' And at the same time, it was when all the bailouts were happening.
I just wanted to be a part of something that's a horror movie that scares you.
I used to love those movies, back in the day, like 'A Nightmare on Elm Street,' 'Friday the 13th,' 'Rosemary's Baby' and 'The Shining.' I really liked those kind of movies, and I wanted to be a part of one of those kinds of movies.
I usually joke around, especially on set.
I'm living in Hollywood, and I'm making movies, but it goes beyond me. If my family is not doing very well, or even OK, you want them to be better.
Some of my favorite actors are Gene Wilder and Eddie Murphy back in the day - that's mainly what me and my brothers watched when we were kids.
I've tested for I-don't-know-how-many pilots, and I didn't get any of them. I would always try to go off the top and make it as spontaneous as possible, but acting in sitcoms is such a skill set, and I didn't have it. I wish I did back when I was younger.
Every script always goes through rewrites so that everyone loves it.
I don't know why - I have a ton of books: five full cabinets of them.
I saw Gosling just kill it in 'Blue Valentine.' I thought he was just amazing at that, and I wouldn't mind maybe doing something like that.
'Tower Heist?' That is a movie that it's hard not to name-drop, but, it's a crew of five, and it's Ben Stiller, Eddie Murphy, me, Matthew Broderick, and Casey Affleck. And we're like, on a heist.
I'll read, like, ten scripts, and then sometimes if I'm lucky, there will be two or three scripts that I like, and sometimes they'll all be dramas, or they'll all be comedies, or there will be two dramas and a comedy, and then I'll go for whatever. If I have to audition, I'll audition. If it's an offer, great.
I have really good managers and agents who are very selective in what they send me.
I'm envious of writers.
There's something about coming up with something out of nothing. I work with somebody else's creation already, and I just try to make it better.
I'm clearly not a writer, but I'm always a fan of them.
I was on 'The Shield' for a year before 'Crash' came out, and it was like doing an independent film every week.
One of my first real parts was 'Crash' - that won the Oscar.
When I first set out to do it, I wanted to be a working actor, and now it seems like it's superseded even my dreams.
I don't know if I'm necessarily a role model, but hopefully I can inspire any artist - Latin or otherwise - to do this thing for a living.
Some of the best bad guys in movies are funny and charming.
I want to become more successful.
I think nerves stop you from doing things. Make you stop and maybe make you withdraw. Then there's excitement where you can't wait to do it.
I feel really comfortable with going for the reality of the drama, but I'm not much for the comedy of it. You have to make people laugh, or you have to be true to the character in such a way that makes people laugh. It's a whole different thing.
