American,Actor
The arts are a celebration of life.
Control is what gives you privacy.
Sometimes we spend more efforts with people that are strangers in terms of making an impression than the person that's closest to us. And you just gotta remember not to take for granted that person that's closest to you.
Learning patience was not an easy lesson.
I enjoy provocative things that are questionable.
Women are now very comfortable to have babies into their late 30s. You can be a father in your 50s. I'm not saying it's for everybody, and I think people have to get their own life secure before they take on the responsibility of a partner and children.
I believe there is a spirit within us, which we nurture based upon our efforts and what we bring to the world. But it doesn't come from the outside; it comes from the inside.
I went into rehab to save my marriage, but I wound up saving myself.
Cancer didn't bring me to my knees, it brought me to my feet.
When you're making pictures out of heartfelt passion, it hurts when someone calls them a calculated business move.
'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,' which my father had tried to get made for six, seven years, and I for four, was turned down by every studio. Every studio in the world had passed on it.
There's nothing like a family crisis, especially a divorce, to force a person to re-evaluate his life.
I'm a risk-taker. Most of my career has not been a joyful experience, but it has been challenging. I like the dangers.
I don't know about Brad Pitt leaving that beautiful woman to go hold orphans for Angelina. I mean how long is that going to last?
I guess there are some women who like older men, but it's a smaller group.
I don't smile a lot in my pictures. I'm always so... grim.
I'm impressed with the people from Chicago. Hollywood is hype, New York is talk, Chicago is work.
The one thing that men and women have in common - they both like the company of men.
I've always been somebody who, when I started a picture, never knew what the next picture would be.
My movies are usually about stripping off the makeup, getting down to the skeleton.
People are goofy about the movie business, so you end up counting on friends you knew before you were successful. It is harder to make new friends because you are a little more cautious.
When I go on a holiday to a tropical place, I'll spray tan before I go.
Paul Rudd is ripped.
Like a lovely orchid, or anything else that's nurtured, marriage prospers and grows, but if it's ignored, it withers.
'Wall Street' was a very important movie for me in terms of my career. I won an Oscar, and then the film 'Fatal Attraction' came right after it.
I love kids, and I love having had this second chance to have a family.
I come from a tough stock.
My mother and father met at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. He was a senior and she was a junior, and their marriage didn't last very long.
Most of the stories I read are about my Hollywood pedigree.
I try not to dwell too much on a bad marriage.
I do think of myself as a bit of a loner, a bit of an independent. I'm one of those people who, when they're sick, like to curl up and remove myself. I don't like a lot of people around. There is nothing you can do to help.
Religion has certainly been shoved down my throat.
I have some idea of the pressure of finding your own identity with a famous father.
My marriage and my families come certainly before my career.
I don't think tongue cancer is the best cancer for an actor.
The quality of health care in Canada is excellent.
I was there the night John Lennon was shot, three blocks away. It left a lasting impression on me.
Our economy is increasingly dependent on the success and integrity of the financial markets.
If a deal looks too good to be true, it probably is.
In the movie 'Wall Street' I play Gordon Gekko, a greedy corporate executive who cheated to profit while innocent investors lost their savings. The movie was fiction, but the problem is real.
I don't wish ill will on anybody.
My father did 90-plus films. He was Spartacus!
Like my father, like most actors, I was a pretty ambitious guy.
Early on, someone had told me, 'You know, the camera can always tell when you're lying.' And, Jesus, that intimidated me. 'The camera can always tell? How am I going to do this?' Until one day I thought, 'Wait a minute, acting is lying. Acting is all about lying.'
You just have to know what your responsibility is to the movie, and live up to that, and be considerate of the other actors in the scene... I have never been competitive in that way - I always want my leading ladies to be as good as they possibly can be.
There are not a lot of sons or daughters of actors who have made it. Hollywood is awash with failures.
During my first marriage, my career was the most important thing in my life.
My own parents divorced when I was six. I was raised with my brother Joel by our mother on the East Coast, visiting my father in Los Angeles during holidays. When your parents are divorced, you don't know anything else, do you?
I thought I could never be the actor Dad was, so I avoided it for a while.
My daughter is a horseback rider, so I try to watch her ride; we take holidays together.
I have nothing against her, and in fact I'm very fond of my first wife. But we should have ended that marriage eight or 10 years earlier.
It took me too long to realise that if you go to a marriage counsellor to resolve problems, it's in his interest to keep the marriage going.
Cancer has shown me what family is. It showed me a love that I never knew really existed.
To me, Bermuda is a real family spot.
I've taken blame about being a bad father - if being a bad father is working your butt off trying to create a career at one time.
Of course it's important to make mistakes, as long as you grow from them.
The thing with cancer is that you want to get it as early as you can.
Liberace was a lovely guy.
I haven't played a lot of nice guys.
Chemotherapy takes its toll; the more you keep doing it, you lose your energy, and it gets more difficult to swallow.
I've always worked hard and played hard, and I'm sure I'll be cleaning up my act in the future.
I think sometimes in relationships, ladies like having a man who takes care of them, nurtures them. If you can't find it in a man your own age, you find it in somebody who is older.
I tell my kids they are going to live to over 100.
My memories of Las Vegas were all with my father when I was, like, a teenager. He was best friends with Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin, and we'd come up and see the shows and go backstage afterwards and have dinner together. It was one of my first educations about stars and how they really are back stage.
When you've accomplished a certain amount in your career, you're not so focused on your ambitions.
Kids know. They know everything. I would err on the side of pretty much sharing everything.
If your work isn't exciting, doesn't stir the emotions, where's the challenge? Where's the progress if you always play it safe?
There is something about seeing rhinos and lions running free that excites you. It's not that you feel afraid; it's more like you're liberated by seeing them.
I've never been one to carefully calculate my career decisions, to sit on the outside looking in. I go with my passion and what moves me.
I have hardly ever worked with the same director twice. But when you have worked with a director before, you understand his behavior.
I never really look at my movies.
The people who work in Wall Street still look up to Gordon Gekko. He's sort of a guru.
When I was working on pictures with my father, there were a couple leading ladies to whom I wish I'd expressed how I felt rather than being too cool or too shy.
I've always liked Tina Turner.
Capitalism is part of our system, but it's not for the faint of heart.
The Cold War's end pushed disarmament down most leaders' agendas. It's a sophisticated issue, which I think is one reason why it is not so hands-on to many people. It's not visceral. It's not like a starving child.
Celebrity gets you access to world leaders.
I was undeclared. I was in my third year of school. They said you have to decide upon a major, and my father was an actor. My mother was an actress. So, I thought theater might be the way to go.
I had a great stepfather.
All the pictures I do are contemporary. I've sort of discovered I haven't really been into science fiction or period pictures. And so, in that vein, psychological thrillers play a big part.
I've been dying to do a Marvel picture for so long.
I think the quality of television, given the amount of time you have, how short you have, is proportionally so much better than most movies.
The so-called 'last golden age,' in the 1970s, most of those movies were independent films.
'Five Easy Pieces,' 'Easy Rider' - those are indie pictures; those were not studio pictures. They had relationships with studio distribution, but they were indies.
The studios basically, besides developing some material, their strength is distribution. Distribution in any other business is a cost that you incur. You know, in a trucking business, you eat it. In a film business, distribution is a profit center.
My mother is Bermudan, so I had a lot of memories when I was a kid, used to go down to Bermuda a lot.
Every empire eventually falls.
'King of California' was just, I thought, a really great, fresh, original kind of script. I loved the tone, the mix of tragedy, comedy, and drama, and that it was a good part.
I've just kind of been used to carrying movies. I look back and I'm just used to being in every single scene in a lot of pictures.
I don't look good in tights. I know that.
