American,Musician
When I'm having a bad day, I pick up my guitar.
If you want to get my attention, wear a pirate outfit.
People have this notion of me being this sweet, nice girl, but I'm kind of a pervert.
I was so adamant about proving myself for so long and I've gotten to the point where I don't have to do that as much.
I'm lucky because I have a job I love. I really miss being away from home, being in my own bed, seeing my animals and siblings, having my moms cookies. I have a couple cats. I got a kitten about a year ago and now Im going on the road so I wont see him for a while. I feel bad.
I put myself into character for my songs.
When I sing, I have a sense of peace, I feel like my brain turns off, and I become the core person of who I am - the essence of me. I feel connected to whatever is out there. It's almost like I leave my body and get to watch.
Eventually my goal is get a place in Ojai where I can have animals and a big garden. Just drink wine all day and hang in my garden.
I followed my heart and figured that if I tried and failed, at least I'd know that I tried.
I think its so cool that you can pick up the guitar and create something that didn't exist 5 minutes ago. You can write something that no ones ever heard before. You have music at your fingertips.
I would love to be in musical theater and be on Broadway. If someone were to offer me a position to do something like that, I wouldnt pass it down. Im a huge fan of musicals and I really want to do that.
I never had an official job, but I did play at a local cantina every Tuesday night, and I babysat a lot.
My style when I was 17 was very low-key with jeans, T-shirts, and Converse. I was signed to a major record label by then, so I had stylists helping me.
When I watch 'Glee', it reminds me of my upbringing.
I was definitely a choir and theater geek.
Music has always been in me.
Music is my release.
I always tell people that I'll sound exactly like Alanis Morissette after I've had more boyfriends. I'll be just as anguished-sounding.
I have a pirate fetish - I just always thought eye patches were sexy.
I feel connected to whatever is out there.
There was a moment there when it was getting really bad and everyone was being let go. I was, like, 'Can I get fired, please? Can I move on with my life?
I actually got reprimanded by Stevie Nicks, who was like, 'You're sharing too much! You need to leave an air of mystery.'
If I have to try and write one more country single, I'll lose my mind.
Ten years into it, I can finally go, 'Oh, I just want to make a record that's fun to make and I don't have to prove that I deserve to be here.'
I'm just more comfortable in my own skin now.
I think I'm also more open to other writers being present and listening to other opinions, whereas before I was going through my angsty teen years while making records.
