American,Actor
Life is best when you are in love.
As long as I'm an hour away from a major airport, I can get to that job.
I've become so earthy. And I never was earthy. I'm doing all kinds of different roles which are not at all like the intellectual and the legal mind of Ben Stone.
I was born first to music. But I went into acting because my father knew so much about music he intimidated me. So, I picked an art form, he knew nothing about. So I could be my own man.
Never lose your faith in the American Dream. She's a nation under God, and God has never let a good American down.
When I got political that blew our marriage out of the water. I was not the same person and I admit that.
I'm very privileged to be the celebrity I am.
Anything well written with good language and clarity and honesty is worth doing. It comes out of the same tradition as Shakespeare.
I've had the most wonderful life.
If they want to talk about aliens and anything like that... that's part of the gift God gave us. That's what makes life exciting. We're pretty stuck, you know. What gives flight to our life is our imagination.
The attorney general should be enforcing the law, not policy.
Film is something that came later into my life. I had a Jesuit education, and I consider acting and the theater as kind of a calling - a vocation.
I had a Jesuit education, and I consider acting and the theater as kind of a calling - a vocation.
I know a lot about Canadian politics. I lived in Canadian bars for six years.
Interviews don't go to the core of my life. Everybody knows my life - it's an open book.
Everybody knows my life - it's an open book.
I'm the American Winston Churchill.
I love the theater of me.
Music, of almost any kind, always made sense to me.
The New World Order run by the United Nations ain't gonna happen. Because they've shown their hand, and at least some corner of Congress and the American people are awake to it: they've blown it all.
Once the Supreme Court in 1973 decided that infanticide could be legal, it not only ended America's 'inalienable right to life,' it threw the Golden Rule right off the shores of this continent.
Obama's IRS is not the IRS I've ever known for over seventy years as an American citizen.
I hate going to L.A. and dealing with the contempt people have for television and television actors. It's unbelievable the kind of attitude people take toward what is the most exciting medium we've got right now.
Violent drama has been a hallmark of every great civilization. It is not the cause of the disease - it is an immunizing factor. People go to the theater to experience emotions like fear and loathing. Violent drama shows us where we come from. It makes us face our hypocrisy.
I think if you open the door to government control of television, then you let in a host of questions about rights.
My musical influences are from the '50s: Bill Evans, Miles Davis and Ahmad Jamal.
