American,Businessman
Christopher Columbus discovered America in a blue-and-white sailor shirt, and since then, men have been wearing blue and white shirts.
Hong Kong has always been a dynamic and exciting and high-energy city, and it has that New York thing going on, and people here care about how they look.
My management style is there is no such thing as non-important people in the company.
The person is a resume, not what's on a piece of paper. Whoever gives advice about resumes in college should be dismissed. Titles don't matter. GPAs don't matter, nor does what school you go to.
Every single day, I'm curious about everything. Curiosity is finding answers to things.
I think I was the youngest, fastest-promoted buyer in the history of Bloomingdale's.
I find, in merchandising and design and creative, a business school degree isn't particularly helpful.
I'm looking forward to partnering with TPG Capital and Leonard Green & Partners. This transaction is a clear endorsement of J. Crew and the hard work and dedication of all of our associates.
In a business, you have a vision, and you follow the vision. You have to execute. And then you have to learn how to run a good business. And I think if you look at the characteristics of any successful fashion business, it's all about that.
My office has no walls. You can't be removed from your team to be successful. You have to be respectful of others.
Do it, do it right, pay close attention to the product, and over time, you will win.
People like consistency. Whether it's a store or a restaurant, they want to come in and see what you are famous for.
I always wanted to have my own company. It was a psychological issue.
I would like Madewell jeans to be the Levi's of its generation.
I look at companies as price-players or quality-players. The only way to go with J.Crew was quality.
I love to work. I have a passion for what I do.
I loved the fact that if you put goods on the floor, you could watch them sell.
The first thing you see when you walk into a store is color.
When I started at Bloomingdale's as a buyer, Alexander's was a discounter across the street, and every time Alexander's had something that we had at Bloomingdale's, we'd have to meet price. I didn't really want to be in a business where I had no control over my inventory, the value of my inventory.
When I was young in the business, I felt anything I wanted to buy personally and professionally was always too expensive.
Everything has a trend to it; I don't care if it's appliances or engines. I always ask, 'What has a company done in the past five years that somebody's noticed?'
If you don't care about the lapel or the buttons or the fit, then you are doing a disservice to the consumer. We're all inside the tunnel, speaking the language of business, but we need to speak the language of customers.
It takes a long time to get a reputation for quality. There are people in our industry, they're basically copiers. Look at the cars on the streets. They all look alike. But if you put quality into a product, then have it validated, you have huge credibility.
Data is very important, but you have to be good at reading the data in an emotional way. If you look at a selling report, there's an emotional trend to what's selling.
Growing up, I always wanted a bedroom of my own.
If you think you know the consumer better than anyone, then you're in real trouble. So we take a close watch. You spend time in stores.
The British invented the classic look. Men's apparel was created in London, the great English style. You have to respect this country's suits, shirts, shoes, luggage.
What is fashion? I don't know.
Celebrities have nothing to do with style.
I grew up in the Bronx. I used to remember going to all these fancy stores in Manhattan to run errands or whatever, and I felt intimidated, like they did not talk to me because I was from the Bronx. I never want anyone to be intimidated by fashion. Fashion is fun or, at least, should be.
We have secured names and trademarks with either loose ideas or intentions, or with our imaginations. Sometimes things come of it, or they don't.
There are too many retailers. There are too many brands. There are too many designers. There are too many discount stores, and the predator online companies are selling discount like crazy.
I never wanted to compete on price in my history because on price, you don't always win.
I've yet to see a correlation in my industry between great social media and great numbers.
It is our job as always to focus on what we can control in the business.
First, as I've always said, it all starts with product, which means having the right assortment, styles, and fits. Second is price, where we strive to offer the best quality, style, and design at a fair value. This is critically important, given the highly promotional environment we are operating in. And third, traffic.
Customers don't just want to shop: they want to feel that the brand understands them.
If you get a pant that fits the woman, as all women know, you get a loyal customer for life.
While 2015 was challenging, we implemented many strategic and operational initiatives to improve our business and better position J.Crew for the future.
Fashion is guaranteed to never always be right.
