American,Journalist
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
Love is the silent saying and saying of a single name.
Love unlocks doors and opens windows that weren't even there before.
Even cowards can endure hardship; only the brave can endure suspense.
The head never rules the heart, but just becomes its partner in crime.
It's innocence when it charms us, ignorance when it doesn't.
For the happiest life, days should be rigorously planned, nights left open to chance.
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later.
We'd all like a reputation for generosity, and we'd all like to buy it cheap.
Albert Einstein when asked what he considered to be the most powerful force in the universe answered: Compound interest! What you have become is the price you paid to get what you used to want.
When suffering comes, we yearn for some sign from God, forgetting we have just had one.
We lavish on animals the love we are afraid to show to people. They might not return it; or worse, they might.
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles.
The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.
No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved.
A woman telling her true age is like a buyer confiding his final price to an Armenian rug dealer.
No one really listens to anyone else, and if you try it for a while you'll see why.
We are all born brave, trusting and greedy, and most of us remain greedy.
What you can't get out of, get into wholeheartedly.
What you have become is the price you paid to get what you used to want.
The proud man can learn humility, but he will be proud of it.
If I knew what I was so anxious about, I wouldn't be so anxious.
No matter how brilliantly an idea is stated, we will not really be moved unless we have already half thought of it ourselves.
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
We all become great explorers during our first few days in a new city, or a new love affair.
