American,Vice President
I believe in servant leadership, and the servant always asks, 'Where am I needed most?'
Despite the hysteria from the political class and the media, smoking doesn't kill.
I'm a Christian, a conservative, and a Republican, in that order.
To date, embryonic stem cell research has not produced a single medical treatment, where ethical, adult stem cell research has produced some 67 medical miracles.
A campaign ought to demonstrate the basic human decency of the candidate. That means your First Amendment rights end at the tip of your opponent's nose - even in the matter of political rhetoric.
The Republican majority, left to its own devices from 1995 to 2000, was a party committed to limited government and restoring the balances of federalism with the states. Clearly, President Bush has had a different vision, and that vision has resulted in education and welfare policies that have increased the size and scope of government.
Like every American, I will never forget where I was on the morning of September 11, 2001. As a member of Congress from Indiana, that day my duties took me to Capitol Hill and to sights and sounds I will never forget.
The American economy has been built and sustained by risk-taking entrepreneurs whose pioneering ideas and hard work gave birth to flourishing businesses.
In the last four years under the Patriot Act, we have seen a great increase in the ability of law enforcement officials to investigate and track terrorists.
When I was young, I watched my mom and dad build everything that matters: a family, a business and a good name. I was raised to believe in hard work, in faith and family. My dad, Ed Pence, was a combat veteran in Korea.
I'll tell you from my heart, looking at their party further and further to the left, to paraphrase the director of the FBI: I think it would be extremely careless to elect Hillary Clinton.
The true legacy of 9-11 cannot be found among political leaders of the day, but in the citizen soldiers and public safety personnel who answered that day with courage and selflessness.
For more than forty years, the United States Congress has shamelessly used payroll taxes intended for Social Security to fund big government spending.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
The Patriot Act is essential to our continued success in the war on terror here at home.
Human cloning is coming.
I'm a small-town kid who grew up with a cornfield in the back yard and dreaming of serving my country in public office.
I just always believe that we should not reward people with citizenship whose first act in this country was a violation of the law. And I continue to hold that view. But let me say, I think there is plenty of room here for compassion. And there's plenty of room here for crafting a solution that will deal with this issue in the long term.
The presidency is the most visible thread that runs through the tapestry of the American government. More often than not, for good or for ill, it sets the tone for the other branches and spurs the expectations of the people.
I grew up with a front row seat to the American dream.
While that amendment failed, human cloning continues to advance and the breakthrough in this unethical and morally questionable science is around the corner.
No one should be harassed or mistreated because of who they are, who they love, or what they believe.
I mean, the reality is unemployment today - over 14 million Americans are unemployed. That's exactly what it was a year ago. I mean, this - the American people know we can't borrow and spend and bail our way back to a growing economy.
If I saw a restaurant owner refuse to serve a gay couple, I wouldn't eat there anymore. As governor of Indiana, if I were presented a bill that legalized discrimination against any person or group, I would veto it.
I truly believe that firearms in the hands of law abiding citizen's makes our families and our communities more safe, not less safe.
I'm grateful to Donald Trump's pro-life views, and I'm grateful that he's expressed those views so publicly and openly.
It's time for conservative Americans to do what Reagan did.
My votes against the education bill and my votes against the Medicare bill got huge play at home.
And my Christianity, first and foremost, governed the way that I tried to deal with people.
The anguish in London is a vivid reminder of why we cannot relent in taking the steps necessary to defend our homeland from the present terrorist threat.
The conservative movement today is like that tall ship with its proud captain: strong, accomplished but veering off course into the dangerous and uncharted waters of big government republicanism.
Let's win the peace and democracy the good people of Iraq so richly deserve after decades of tyranny.
It's time to stop the raid on the Social Security trust fund and start allowing Americans to invest their Social Security taxes in personal savings accounts.
By requiring that any surplus in Social Security taxes be returned to the American people in personal savings accounts, the plan ensures that Social Security taxes will be used for Social Security.
It is a rare piece of legislation indeed where there is so much agreement about the goals.
It is not for the State Department or even the Secretary of State to say when and how the resources of the American people will be spent.
It's time to save the U.N. from its own scandals and mismanagement. It's time for U.N. Reform with teeth.
As we begin this debate, I am confident that we will hear the supporters of this bill argue in the name of Ronald Reagan that this research is consistent with his long-held views about the sanctity of life.
We are here simply to decide whether Congress should take the taxpayer dollars of millions of pro-life Americans and use them to fund the destruction of human embryos for research.
The reality is the cap-and-trade legislation offered by the Democrats amounts to an economic declaration of war on the Midwest by liberals on Capitol Hill.
You bet every member of Congress who votes for this bill ought to read it, read it thoroughly, and understand that what we're looking at here amounts to nothing more than a government takeover of our health care economy, paid for with nearly a trillion dollars in new taxes on individuals and small businesses. And it must be opposed.
What I want the Congress of the United States to do, and frankly what I would like to see the President of the United States of America do, is speak a word of support to the people of Iran.
We ought to affirm the fact that hundreds of thousands if not millions of Iranians are risking their liberty and even perhaps their lives to take a stand for the values upon which we have really founded this nation.
You know, Hoosiers recognize pork when we see it. And they recognize what bailing out every failing business in America means - We're burying generations under a mountain range of debt.
Well the truth is, Republicans didn't just lose a few elections, we lost our way.
The American people know what's necessary to get this economy moving again. It's fiscal discipline in Washington, D.C. and across-the-board tax relief for working families, small businesses and family farms.
All we're getting from the Democratic majority in Congress and from this White House is more bailouts, more spending, more planned stimulus, more deficits and debt, and the American people have had it.
Well, I think the reality is that as you study - when President Kennedy cut marginal tax rates, when Ronald Reagan cut marginal tax rates, when President Bush imposed those tax cuts, they actually generated economic growth. They expanded the economy. They expand tax revenues.
The reality is that during the Reagan years, for instance, we doubled the amount of revenue that we were sending to Washington, D.C. after the tax cuts took effect.
In Indiana, the Affordable Care Act will raise the average cost of health insurance in the individual market by an unaffordable 72 percent.
Here in Indiana, we run a nationally-recognized program called the Healthy Indiana Plan. The Healthy Indiana Plan offers the uninsured an affordable health care plan with savings accounts that they control.
Our founders insisted that protecting the states' power to govern themselves was vital to limit the power of Washington and preserve freedom.
I opposed the Medicare prescription drug entitlement. I opposed the Wall Street bailout. I opposed the stimulus bill.
There's going to be no compromise on repealing Obamacare lock, stock and barrel.
I said after 2006 that Republicans didn't just lose our majority, we lost our way. I mean, our party walked away from the principles that men in our national governing majority first in 1980 and again in 1994, and the American people walked away from us.
A republic - if you can keep it - is about limitation, and for good reason, because we are mortal and our actions are imperfect.
Budgets are moral documents. Federal funding should reflect the priorities and the values of the majority of the American people.
I have prayed with the families and wept at the funerals of Hoosiers who did not shrink from 9-11 but grew into heroes whose names will forever be engraved in the heart of a grateful nation.
To those who say it would be too difficult to repeal and replace Obamacare, I say it's a two step process. We repeal the Pelosi Congress in 2010 and replace the Obama Administration in 2012.
Years ago on my radio show, I used to say, 'I'm a conservative, but I'm not in a bad mood about it.' I've always believed that civility in heavy doses is essential in self-government.
Hoosiers don't believe in discrimination.
It is a tragedy indeed that new generations, taking office, attribute failures in governance to insufficient power, and seek more of it.
The Religious Freedom Restoration Act in Indiana does not give anyone the right to deny services to anyone in this state. It is simply a balancing test used by our federal courts and jurisdictions across the country for more than two decades.
We want to make it clear that Indiana's open for business. We want to make it clear that Hoosier hospitality is not a slogan, it's our way of life. It's the reason why people come here from around the world and they come back again and again. Because Hoosiers are the kindest, most generous, most decent people in the world.
If I only had 12 years left to live, I'd want to live it as a member of Congress because that was the 12 longest years of my life.
I strongly oppose the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. We must stand for the right of every American to practice their faith according to the dictates of their conscience, whether it be in the public square or in the workplace.
Don't Ask, Don't Tell was a successful compromise in 1993; and so that compromise should remain.
Several millennia ago, the words were written that a man should leave his father and mother and cleave to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh. It was not our idea; it was God's idea.
Fighting for free enterprise means standing up for free markets. The freedom to succeed includes the freedom to fail. We must defend entrepreneurial capitalism against the onslaught of the American Left.
The so-called 'Employee Free Choice Act' envisions a world where workers would be denied privacy and forced to vote in an atmosphere of intimidation.
Regardless of any title I'll ever hold, the most important job I'll ever have is spelled D-A-D.
The American people are tired of being told. They're tired of being told that this is as good as it gets. They're tired of hearing politicians in both parties tell us that we'll get to that tomorrow while we pile a mountain range of debt on our children and our grandchildren.
Hillary Clinton essentially offers a third Obama term. And the role is perfect for her. She championed 'Obamacare' because years earlier she had all but invented it.
In my home state of Indiana, we prove every day that you can build a growing economy on balanced budgets, low taxes, even while making record investments in education and roads and health care.
Indiana is a state that works because conservative principles work every time you put them into practice.
Donald Trump gets it: he's the genuine article. He's a doer in a game usually reserved for talkers. And when Donald Trump does his talking, he doesn't tiptoe around the thousand new rules of political correctness.
Donald Trump will never turn his back on those who serve and protect us at home and abroad.
Under Donald Trump, our deals will be smarter, our soldiers will have what they need, and our veterans will have what they earned. We will secure our borders, protect our nation. In all this, we will be more serious. And when we do, this nation will start winning again.
You shut the door, you tell the boss exactly what you think. But when the door opens, the job of the vice president is to stand right next to the president and implement the policy that he's decided. And I'm prepared to do that.
As governor of Indiana, if I were presented a bill that legalized discrimination against any person or group, I would veto it.
I am very supportive of Donald Trump's call to temporarily suspend immigration from countries where terrorists influence and impact represents a threat to the United States.
Reasonable people can differ on whether or not we should have gone into Iraq.
There are no kinder, more generous, more welcoming, more hospitable people in America than in the 92 counties of Indiana.
What I am for is protecting, with the highest standards in our courts, the religious liberty of Hoosiers.
I promise you that when the circumstances arise where I have a difference on policy or on presentation, I have - I can tell you in my heart, I know - I would have no hesitation, were I privileged to be vice president, to walk into the president's office, close the door, and share my heart.
People are tired of being told that this is as good as it gets. They hear in Donald Trump someone who says, 'We can do better.'
Negative campaigning is wrong.
Hillary Clinton wants a new title, and I would, too, if I already was secretary of the status quo.
We can choose a leader who will fight every day to make America great again.
When Donald Trump becomes president of the United States of America, the change will be... huge.
I watched my mom and dad build everything that matters - a family, a home and a good name.
On the world stage, Donald Trump will lead from strength.
If you want a president who will upend the status quo in Washington, D.C., and appoint justices of the Supreme Court who will uphold the Constitution, we have but one choice, and that man is ready. This team is ready. Our party is ready and when we elect Donald Trump, the 45th president.
Together, we will make America great again.
My family and I couldn't be more happy for the opportunity to run with and serve with the next president of the United States.
For me, it all begins with faith; it begins with what matters most, and I try and put what I believe to be moral truth first. My philosophy of government second. And my politics third.
I'm not against anybody.
The choice could not be more clear. Americans can elect someone who literally personifies the failed establishment in Washington, D.C., or we can choose a leader who will fight every day to Make America Great Again.
We cannot have four more years apologizing to our enemies and abandoning our friends.
People in both parties are restless for change, ready to break free of old patterns in Washington.
I haven't agreed with every one of my Republican colleagues or Democratic colleagues on every issue. But I'm supporting Donald Trump because we need change in this country.
The heroes of my childhood were Martin Luther King Jr. and John F. Kennedy... but I was inspired by the ideals of our 40th president and became a Republican.
There's overwhelming evidence... circumstantial and otherwise, to suggest a connection between Iraq and al Qaeda.
There is an enormous amount of evidence that Saddam has weapons of mass destruction, is doing his best to develop more lethal weapons, and funds and supports terrorism.
Most climatologists agree that, at best, global warming is a theory about future climactic conditions and cannot be proven based upon the historic record.
I think it's time for the media and our leaders to get real and start telling the truth about the impact of adultery on our national life.
I'm interested in continuing our conversation about the discomfiture I picked up in the mainstream media with one particular element of this debate. It was this discomfort with a law against adultery.
I began to meet young men and women who talked about having a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, and while I cherish my Catholic upbringing and the foundation that it poured in my faith, that had not been a part of my experience.
Standing at a Christian music festival in Asbury, Ky., in the spring of 1978, I gave my life to Jesus Christ, and that's changed everything.
It's a privilege to serve in Washington, D.C., but I never lose sight of what the Lord has called me to do in my life. And that is to be, first a husband, and then a father, and succeed there from His perspective, and He'll take care of everything else.
I think to the extent Republicans depart from the historic commitment, we do so at our peril.
Negative personal attacks have no place in public life and serve to erode public confidence in our basic institutions of government.
I am criticizing a culture that has sold the big lie that 'Mom doesn't matter.'
I was raised to believe in hard work, in faith and family.
The most important job I'll ever have is spelled D-A-D.
Comments that suggest that Muslims should be banned from the United States are offensive and unconstitutional.
The United States cannot and should not discriminate on the basis of religion. The free exercise of religion is at the very heart of our constitutional guarantee for all persons of this country.
Saddam Hussein was a nightmare for the Iraqi people, and his execution marks the end of an era when violence against innocent men, women and children was a means to wealth and power.
Trade means jobs, but trade also means security. The time has come for all of us to urge the swift adoption of the Trans Pacific Partnership.
America wins when we trade and export and import.
We have rights in America. In tandem with those rights, we have responsibility. Whatever type of journalist we are, whether it be in the entertainment business, or as professional journalists, we always have the consequences of the way we present fact and information.
