American,Coach
To me, teamwork is the beauty of our sport, where you have five acting as one. You become selfless.
A basketball team is like the five fingers on your hand. If you can get them all together, you have a fist. That's how I want you to play.
Everybody wants to take responsibility when you win, but when you fail, all these fingers are pointing.
The thing I loved the most - and still love the most about teaching - is that you can connect with an individual or a group, and see that individual or group exceed their limits.
With me and basketball, it became part of me.
You can see and you can listen, but you have to have moments in which you feel.
I think you're not a human being unless you have doubts and fears.
I have a rule on my team: when we talk to one another, we look each other right in the eye, because I think it's tough to lie to somebody. You give respect to somebody.
The other thing I knew I had was a high level of competitiveness.
That's what I do now: I lead and I teach. If we win basketball games from doing that, then that's great, but I lead and teach. Those are the two things I concentrate on.
Leadership is an ever-evolving position.
In high school, in sport, I had a coach who told me I was much better than I thought I was, and would make me do more in a positive sense. He was the first person who taught me not to be afraid of failure.
There are kids don't want to do something because they're afraid of looking stupid to their peers. There comes a time when they start protecting themselves, instead of extending. I want to make sure that they're always trying to extend themselves.
Imagination has a great deal to do with winning.
I always won in my imagination. I always hit the game-winning shot, or I hit the free throw. Or if I missed, there was a lane violation, and I was given another one.
I've tried to handle winning well, so that maybe we'll win again, but I've also tried to handle failure well. If those serve as good examples for teachers and kids, then I hope that would be a contribution I have made to sport. Not just basketball, but to sport.
My parents didn't really understand too much about sport. At that time, we were in a Polish community in the inner city of Chicago, and I was the youngest of a bunch of cousins. Polish families are real big, with cousins and aunts and uncles.
Playing sport was somewhat frivolous, but I liked it. I rebelled a little bit, and wouldn't go to music lessons and things like that, but I would go and play ball. My parents learned to love it because they saw how much I got out of it.
I had a really bad temper, when I was growing up. Sport helped me channel that temper into more positive acts.
I'm fortunate now that I coach at Duke University and we've won a lot. I have some kids who haven't failed that much. But when they get to college, they're going to fail some time. That's a thing that I can help them the most with.
Actually, the Kentucky moment was better than winning the two National Championships, because it was the epitome of what I try to get from a team in a crisis situation.
The truth is that many people set rules to keep from making decisions.
I always wanted to teach.
My ambition in high school was to be a high school coach and teacher, and that's still what I do: teach.
Basketball was not my main sport in grade school, or even the first year of high school.
When I went to high school, an all-boys' school, a Catholic school, I tried out for football, and I didn't make it. It was the first time, athletically, that I was knocked down.
