American,Athlete
I'm a dreamer. I have to dream and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds.
Everyone has a plan 'till they get punched in the mouth.
I just want to be humble at all times.
As long as we persevere and endure, we can get anything we want.
When I fight someone, I want to break his will. I want to take his manhood. I want to rip out his heart and show it to him.
My biggest weakness is my sensitivity. I am too sensitive a person.
Some people try to get you out of slavery for you to be their slave.
Everybody's got plans... until they get hit.
I was hoping he would get up so I could hit him again and keep him down.
I want to rip out his heart and feed it to Lennox Lewis. I want to kill people. I want to rip their stomachs out and eat their children.
When I was in prison, I was wrapped up in all those deep books. That Tolstoy crap - people shouldn't read that stuff.
I could feel his muscle tissues collapse under my force. It's ludicrous these mortals even attempt to enter my realm.
I'm just happy I'm not a phony.
I don't understand why people would want to get rid of pigeons. They don't bother no one.
God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another.
I'm just like you. I enjoy the forbidden fruits in life, too.
If Jesus was here, do you think Jesus would show me any love? Do you think Jesus would love me?
Real freedom is having nothing. I was freer when I didn't have a cent.
I did my time for the rape. I paid my money to Las Vegas. I paid my dues.
You come home, and you party. But after that, you get a hangover. Everything about that is negative.
Greatness is not guarding yourself from the people; greatness is being accepted by the people.
When Jesus comes back, these crazy, greedy, capitalistic men are gonna kill him again.
I'm a Muslim, but I think Jesus would have a drink with me. He would be cool. He would talk to me.
It's good to know how to read, but it's dangerous to know how to read and not how to interpret what you're reading.
I'm in trouble because I'm normal and slightly arrogant. A lot of people don't like themselves and I happen to be totally in love with myself.
I try to catch them right on the tip of his nose, because I try to punch the bone into the brain.
Every time there's a revolution, it comes from somebody reading a book about revolution. David Walker wrote a book and Nat Turner did his thing.
Another thing that freaks me out is time. Time is like a book. You have a beginning, a middle and an end. It's just a cycle.
I'm a nut case, but that is what I believe.
I think the average person thinks I'm a nut and I deserve whatever happens to me.
I'm the biggest fighter in the history of the sport. If you don't believe it, check the cash register.
I feel bad about my outlook, how I feel about people and society, and that I'll never be part of society the way I should.
The only thing I do is just pray for inspiration, for a way of thinking, because I don't have any particular goal in sight.
That's what people respect, the fact that I wasn't a chump that laid on his back and gave up.
I'm a historian, and that freaks me out.
Mr. Arthur Ashe, he was good. I read some of his books. He knew about everything, but he was real quiet and didn't talk much. I never met him.
I can inspire people on how to use money, how to get economically powerful.
Our money is bait money, and bait money is not to be used.
One day some guy is going to get a billion-dollar fight.
I just want to conquer people and their souls.
