American,Dancer
I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself.
My life has been immensely enriched by gay mentors, colleagues and friends, and any discrimination and persecution of gay people is unacceptable.
Dancers are made, not born.
The more injuries you get, the smarter you get.
I found that dance, music, and literature is how I made sense of the world... it pushed me to think of things bigger than life's daily routines... to think beyond what is immediate or convenient.
I don't drink milk, and I don't eat bread, pasta or rice. But I eat a lot of meat, chicken, fish and salads.
We lived, until I was 12 or so, in communal apartment with five different families and the same kitchen, in two little - my brother and me and my parents. It was hell, but it was a common thing. My father was not general or admiral, but he was colonel. He was teaching in military academy military topography.
When a body moves, it's the most revealing thing. Dance for me a minute, and I'll tell you who you are.
I get speeding ticket like everybody else. If the restaurant is full I'm waiting in line like everybody else.
I was not extremely patriotic about Mother Russia. I played their game, pretending. You have to deal with, you know, party people, KGB. Horrifying.
To walk across the street is a risk.
I go a lot to see young people downtown in little theaters. It's great. If you start somebody's career, it's so exciting.
Obviously, the young dancers lack a certain air of maturity.
I'm an impatient person in many respects. I like to put myself in uncomfortable situations. It forces me to deliver.
The body cannot lie. You cannot be somebody else onstage, no matter how good of an actor or dancer or singer you are. When you open your arms, move your finger, the audience knows who you are, you know.
I like to go to anybody else's birthday, and if I'm invited I'm a good guest. But I never celebrate my birthdays. I really don't care.
Running a company is pretty demanding.
Dance is one of the most revealing art forms.
I was very restless. I really wanted to be a part of a kind of a progressive society. I was fed up with these Communist doctrines and you were hassled all the time with members of the Party committee who were KGB, what you have to do, where in the West you can go or not to go.
People dance at any age.
Creative Artists Agency put together a project of extraordinary mediocrity and colossal stupidity. Otherwise, it was great.
To achieve some depth in your field requires a lot of sacrifices. Want to or not, you're thinking about what you're doing in life-in my case, dancing.
Dances have a second and third life. You feel they are never ready. They always have a chance for another life.
I really reject that kind of comparison that says, Oh, he is the best. This is the second best. There is no such thing.
Your heart is very much connected to your mind.
My mother had a son from previous marriage and her husband died in Second World War.
I am teaching more. That is what I do best.
I have made mistakes.
I don't want to do anything Freudian.
I miss horribly those couple of hours before the performance when you get into the theater and you see people.
Soviet regime in a way deprived me from my childhood in my homeland, because my father was in military, and after the Yalta agreement he was sent to teach in military academy in Riga, and I was born then.
I - you know, I'm not an actor.
I read Russian literature a lot.
I have the life of seven cats.
Nobody is born a dancer.
I am not trying to do material which I cannot do full out.
I would like to go and dance in Palestine one day, with great pleasure, great pleasure.
I've always said, 'I am a selector, I am not defector' - the first few phrases in English I learned. I said I hate 'defector'; something defective about the people. It's a bad word.
A country like Belgium, or socialist countries in central Europe spend more money on art education than the United States, which is a really puzzling thought.
I never liked dance photography; it's very flat, and dance photography in the studio looks very contrived.
I spend at least a couple hours a day in the studio, every day, whether I'm dancing or not.
I don't go to a gym, I don't do yoga. I don't do personal training.
When I'm alone, I work sometimes with music, sometimes without and sometimes just listening to NPR.
Nothing is ever too expensive if it furthers the repertoire and artistic standards of a dance company.
Nobody else in the world has a form like the Native American musical, and Americans should be very proud.
Your body actually reminds you about your age and your injuries - the body has a stronger memory than your mind.
I don't see in myself any perfection.
Although I don't gamble in life - I've never played poker - I do gamble on stage. I gamble with myself: 'Can I do this?'
Now there is in a way a renaissance of modern dance - suddenly, it is more respected and discovered.
In opera tradition, when opera die-hard fans, there is a replacement of singer or singer wasn't at his or hers vocal best, doing something, they boo. Especially now that they pay hundreds of dollars for the ticket.
You see, dancers are quite mature people because they start performing so early. They become professionals when they start to take everyday classes.
In the second part of life you get rid of stuff you've accumulated.
I'm a news junkie.
I fell in love with New York.
I cannot stand authority.
I like to make my own mistakes.
I think I got disappointed over the years about New York, about the States. You know, sometimes you go and visit Europe and see good old socialism in its good part! You see public concern about art, and young people's participation and young faces in the audience.
I remember vividly seeing 'Tarzan' and Fred Astaire, the Chaplin films, Fred Astaire musicals, MGM, because of my mother. She was just interested in everything and she took me to opera and ballet, and then ballet got me hooked.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
No matter what I try to do or explore, my Kirov training, my expertise, and my background call me to return to dancing after all, because that's my real vocation, and I have to serve it.
I adored my mother, and I will always have extraordinary memories about her and remember her, and she opened the doors for me to appreciate arts.
In any art form, in Hollywood or in music, there is a handful of people who really, you know, move the envelope.
I am a performer. I go on stage and make a fool of myself.
I cannot draw to save my life, and I'm not a big art scholar, but I worked with many designers throughout my career - in theater, in dance, costume designers, set designers, and I have a lot of artist friends and I do photography, and I think it's kind of in my life.
Everything I do, it's a bit painterly. I like being surrounded by objects, mostly on paper. I like the images. I like the painting. I like good photography. It's something that makes me an emotional connection, and I feel comfortable around it.
Film, theater and television always kind of scared me. I don't ever seriously think of myself as an actor at all, and I don't plan any film career or television career.
You open a section of 'The New York Times,' and there's a review or a story on a choreographer or a dancer, and there's an informative, clear image of a dancer. This is, in my view, not an interesting photograph.
I'm a product of Russian culture, but I never felt it was my country.
Choreographers use me as the old guy who still dances. Not that I put on white tights.
