American,Writer
A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul.
Between flattery and admiration there often flows a river of contempt.
Love often wears a mask in order to test loyalty.
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
The difference between a saint and a hypocrite is that one lies for his religion, the other by it.
The drama of life begins with a wail and ends with a sigh.
Intuition is truly a feminine quality, but women should not mistake rash conclusions for this gift.
A kiss is the outward visible sign of an inward fever.
Lovers should never be without the oil of forbearance.
To be loved is to be fortunate, but to be hated is to achieve distinction.
Women are angry if other women think too little of their lovers, and furious if they think too much.
To know one's self is wisdom, but not to know one's neighbors is genius.
Man proposes, woman forecloses.
Satiety is a mongrel that barks at the heels of plenty.
The very women who object to the morals of a notoriously beautiful actress, grow big with pride when an admirer suggests their marked resemblance to this stage beauty in physique.
When a woman is very, very bad, she is awful, but when a man is correspondingly good, he is weird.
There never was a woman who did not prefer an oblique compliment to a straight truth - if the latter were unflattering.
Enthusiasms, like stimulants, are often affected by people with small mental ballast.
A homely face and no figure have aided many women heavenward.
That one woman is capable of loving another is an historical truth; but never yet lived one who could not listen to her own praises at the expense of her adored friend.
Man forgives woman anything save the wit to outwit him.
A fool bolts pleasure, then complains of moral indigestion.
She who boasts of lovers soon has none.
Yield nothing to love that is denied to discretion.
The man who holds the key to a woman's heart should make certain the old ones are destroyed.
