American,Actress
Acting is doing, because everything you say or do is some kind of an action, some kind of a verb. You're always connected to the other person through some kind of action.
I had a Christian upbringing - it was all about sin and guilt. I was very happy just kissing people. I was like the make-out queen - not even second base.
Acting is what happens on the way.
Being is like pretending.
I always feel I can play a role - just give me the time to do the preparation and I'll be it.
I assume that if people get to know me, they'll like me. If they don't, it's not my problem.
I could have seen myself going into academia, but I don't love it; I just like it.
I had been looking for a New York apartment, but I said, Why not give LA a go?
I had started off, before I ever got an acting job, working at Robert De Niro's Tribeca Productions as a reader. I was always interested in that side of the camera.
I hate it when people use sex as a weapon against the people who are engaging in it. It's so hypocritical.
I have a hard time getting motivated to do something that seems like a career move. I've gotten into vague trouble with my agents for turning down work that I thought was exploitative.
I have learned to pare down what I do and still be effective and strong in a role.
I hope that doing truthful portrayals of people in a variety of circumstances gives people a kind of subterranean link to those characters.
I take the responsibility of choosing seriously because it becomes an indelible part of your body of work. Something has to sing to me.
I try to become more humble and more myself with every year. There was a while when I got famous where I was so confused and my head was spinning.
I want my life to effect the balance to the positive.
I wanted to do something far from my intellectual and physical home, so I went to live in Beijing for eight months and took Mandarin Chinese.
I'll talk to myself out loud a lot.
I'm doing things that are more artistic again, more close to the material that I love. I don't disparage those things that I did. They're just not as much reflective of who I am.
My father taught me how to substitute realities.
My major in college was Chinese Studies. It was very intentional.
Now that I've got some films under my belt, I have the courage of my convictions regarding acting. It gives me a leg to stand on.
Once you've found something you know how to do, it makes you feel you don't have to be intimidated by someone.
Sometimes I feel limited by people's perceptions of what I can and cannot do, or what I do or don't look like.
The name game is frustrating. Agents will say, They love you, but they're going to offer it to Julia Roberts first.
The Oscars have become such a big deal these days that it's just used as adjective.
