American,Politician
It just doesn't occur to an American that someone else will solve their problems. Americans take pride in solving problems for themselves. And if we fail, we get back up and try again. It's what we do. It's who we are.
The money that goes into Social Security is not the government's money. it's your money. You paid for it.
We hear the stories every day now: the father who puts on a suit every morning and leaves the house so his daughter doesn't know he lost his job, the recent college grad facing up to the painful reality that the only door that's open to her after four years of study and a pile of debt is her parents'. These are the faces of the Obama economy.
Bolton's exactly what the U.N. needs at this point. The president's right on the mark in picking him.
And this year, when we end the cruel, defeatist practice of passing children who cannot read into fourth grade, and when our most diligent students begin to graduate from high school in 11 years, and get a head start on college costs with the dollars they earned through their hard work, others will take notice of Indiana yet again.
While other state governments stiff their vendors, close parks, delay tax refunds, and ignore unacceptably poor service levels, Indiana state employees are setting national standards for efficiency.
Mitt Romney has spent his entire life finding ways to solve problems.
We all know that Social Security is one of this country's greatest success stories in the 20th century.
More young people believe they'll see a U.F.O. than that they'll see their own Social Security benefits.
There is a lot of room for improvement in Social Security. We owe our children the most financially sound system possible. They will have paid into it their entire working lives. They deserve to be protected by it. for our children and grandchildren.
We need to strengthen and save Social Security for today's workers. If we don't act now, this system, born out of the New Deal, will become a bad deal.
Syria and Iran have always had a pretty tight relationship, and it looks to me like they just cooked up a press release to put out to sort of restate the obvious. They're both problem countries; we know that. And this doesn't change anything.
The new troops in Iraq need to be Iraqi troops.
The president feels not only do we need to change these rogue regimes, but even our friendly allies, who really basically have, sort of, benign dictatorships, need to get with the program if they want to have long-term security and prosperity from terrorism.
I think the important thing to remember here is that we haven't been attacked again at home since September of 2001.
It took us in this country 11 years to get from the Declaration of Independence to the Constitution.
Things happen in American politics in the political center. If the President will meet us in the center, there are things we can accomplish.
The administration still wants to govern from the far-left and that's going to produce kind a partisan result here in the Congress.
The debt they ran up in the first year of the Obama administration is bigger than the last four years of the Bush combined.
After adding trillions to the debt on big-government policies most Americans didn't ask for and which we couldn't afford, Democratic leaders say they need more money, which they intend to take from small business, even though small businesses create the majority of new jobs.
Americans don't think we should be raising taxes on anybody, especially in the middle of a recession.
The bill that job creators and out-of-work Americans need us to pass is the one that ensures taxes won't go up - one that says Americans and small-business owners won't get hit with more bad news at the end of the year.
It's time Congress got its priorities straight.
If the administration wants cooperation, it will have to begin to move in our direction.
We're not gonna misread our mandate.
The fact is, if our primary legislative goals are to repeal and replace the health spending bill; to end the bailouts; cut spending; and shrink the size and scope of government, the only way to do all these things it is to put someone in the White House who won't veto any of these things.
