American,Actress
Growing up Catholic has been a gift.
There are a lot of battles to face, and if I didn't have that religious core - that base to turn to - I would be truly lost.
I truly believe that God brought this, Dorothy Day script to me, because for a long time up until I was in eight grade - I wanted to be a nun.
They used to say I was a younger Winona Ryder and that always made me laugh because I'm three years older than she is.
I can cry at the drop of the pin. But comedy is hard for me; it's the timing.
I grew up mostly with classical, big band, and a lot of Irish music - I really didn't start listening to rock and roll until I was maybe sixteen.
Now I listen to all kinds of music except rap, which all sounds the same to me.
But what I like to sing mostly is blues and cabaret style.
I never had to pound the pavement and really struggle after college.
I went to Marymount College in New York City with a lot of kids whose parents paid their way, and I wouldn't even have thought of asking my parents - they couldn't afford it, not with six kids!
I did everything I could to stay in college and pay my own way, so I think that if success hadn't come so quickly, I would still be pursuing it.
I just wanted to be married and to be happy ever after.
I used to babysit a lot, and I used to be a nanny.
Children are so creative and imaginative that they just bring you to life all over again.
Hollywood is a world all its own.
I find nothing wrong with the naked body.
I don't even own a television. I'm proud of that.
I get a lot of recognition for my voice. That always surprises me.
A few months after graduation I was working in films. It took off pretty quick.
My dream is to eventually open a children's theatre.
I like to go rock scrambling.
I think to be in politics you have to have the taste for blood on that.
An audience is going to be able to find a little bit of Dorothy in themselves and relate to this woman.: roles like Dorothy Day are so rare in Hollywood.
We have a world that is searching for answers, that is searching for a way back to spirituality.
Nudity... I have to say I will never do it again.
First of all - I only believe what I see.
