American,Journalist
True equality means holding everyone accountable in the same way, regardless of race, gender, faith, ethnicity - or political ideology.
Germany was beaten after World War I, but it didn't take long for it to rise again as a much more malignant threat. The end of World War II was not to be a compromise; it was to come about from the total annihilation of the enemies' ability and will to make war.
Healthcare is the cornerstone of the socialist state. It is the crown jewel of the welfare state.
The left controls academia, the culture, and the news media.
Working for President Nixon was the most extraordinary professional experience of my life. He was endlessly fascinating: brilliant, visionary, kind, generous, warm, funny - and yes, a good man.
Obama doesn't run around wearing a Carrie Bradshaw-esque nameplate necklace that says 'Socialist.' But his policies, actions, words, background and associations speak louder than any ID necklace ever could.
For years, Suzanne Somers has been a pioneer when it comes to alternative medical treatments.
Once the tentacles of redistributionism wrap themselves tightly around every part of the economy - and around our psyches - they can never be unwound.
One thing about liberals: It doesn't even occur to them that there is another side to an argument. They are so convinced of the righteousness of their own position that it doesn't dawn on them that a reasonable person might have a different viewpoint.
It is an abuse of power, when you are President of the United States, to use the White House to single out a single news organization, and castigate them and try to delegitimize them.
We need a direct repudiation of Barack Obama and everything for which he stands.
Ann Romney has been front-and-center. She's held a lot of town halls, a lot of campaign rallies, on her own, separate from her husband. And she is dynamite out on the campaign trail.
Leftism in all its forms must be halted and turned back resoundingly.
When the Left agitates over government policies, it's considered righteous anger. When the Right - and much of the center - agitate, it's painted as the rantings of the criminally and violently insane.
When I'm debating others, whether it's Eleanor Clift or Bob Beckel, you're still in a fierce debate mode, but you're also on best behavior.
Some political spouses are much more comfortable on the campaign trail than others, and they take to it a lot more naturally.
Michelle Obama is a major asset for the president.
Nixon has enough to overcome in terms of his legacy and his political history. Now he has to overcome the in-fighting between his daughters. It's so sad. There's another obstacle for him to clear.
If there were a bunch of Buddhist or Hindus or Roman Catholics carrying out grotesque acts of international terror, I would expect to see their faces on the side of bus.
Article II of the articles of impeachment against Richard Nixon was just the simple fact that he talked about and suggested the potential use of the IRS against one or two political opponents.
I think the Republican Party is supposed to be the party of less government intrusion.
The tactics of Saul Alinsky and Barack Obama are geared toward wealth redistribution.
There were no dead bodies in Watergate.
We need to reform the health code so that people are incentivized to buy their own health insurance rather than have to get it through an employer.
We need the ability to buy healthcare insurance across state lines that would increase competition and drive down cost.
Unlike President Obama, President Nixon was a capitalist who did not believe in 'remaking' the very character of America.
One day in 1984, at the height of his fame, Michael Jackson made a visit to the White House. President and Nancy Reagan may not have dug his music, but they understood the power Mr. Jackson commanded as a common pop-cultural touchstone for just about everyone else.
During his public life, Barack Obama has often referred to his biracial background and itinerant childhood and has said, 'In no other country on Earth is my story even possible.' True.
American exceptionalism is grounded in the founding of the United States upon an idea, rather than upon the ambitions of men.
When government gets out of the way, the people achieve great things because of the promise of great rewards.
Mr. Obama's choices show how fundamentally unserious he is about deficit reduction and spending restraint.
Each day of the Obama presidency seems to bring a new, perversely delicious irony.
Presidents Truman and Nixon left office under dark clouds of scandal and with abysmal levels of support, but with the passage of time, both have been reassessed far more positively.
Messrs. Washington and Lincoln would be appalled and saddened by what their successor, President Obama, and the modern Democratic Party are doing to the nation they dedicated their lives to keep alive.
Trillions of dollars are being spent in the name of 'saving' the economy: bailouts, 'stimulus,' omnibus spending bills, budgets, government takeovers of the auto, health care and energy industries, all of which require ever more spending.
Mr. Obama seeks to federalize large portions of education, beginning with his attempt to nationalize college student loans.
Messrs. Washington and Lincoln faced enormous difficulties, but they both gave their lives to make sure America survived.
The point of a presidential campaign is to put the candidate through the ringer: to force him to get banged up by his opponents and the press, and to have to answer the difficult and uncomfortable questions, be investigated, and learn the thrust and parry of political swordplay.
A president is always cosseted by his staff.
From 2002 to the end of his presidency, George W. Bush routinely was accused by the Left of 'creating chaos:' chaos in Iraq, chaos in Afghanistan, chaos in the Muslim world, chaos among our allies.
When the world lacks muscular and wise American leadership, it devolves into total chaos, which, in turn, produces unspeakable evils.
Just when you think you've heard it all from Team Obama, the next day brings another jaw-dropper.
The man who was known as 'no drama Obama' during the campaign has given us nothing but depleting and infuriating drama since he arrived in office.
A president is supposed to calm the American people with sober decision-making in the national interest.
A people fatigued by bad presidential judgment aren't inclined to reward him or his party.
During the 2008 presidential campaign, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid marveled at the electability of Barack Obama because, unlike previous black candidates, Mr. Obama was 'light-skinned' and lacked a 'Negro dialect.'
For Republicans, accepting responsibility means accepting punishment; for Democrats, it means only an admission of error and a suggestion they'll do better in the future. This double standard must end.
The Left can play the race card incessantly without consequence or punishment, but woe to anyone else who even breathes valid opposition to their policies: Thou shall be deemed a racist.
Not once since becoming president has Mr. Obama linked terror aimed at the United States with Islam.
Does every Muslim commit terror? Of course not.
Many Muslims may not seek to kill the infidel, but they don't want to condemn those carrying out the holy book command.
President George W. Bush's aggressive war on Islamic terrorism produced a 100 percent perfect track record of keeping the United States safe from another attack. The result has been increased security for the American people, who, in turn, have become complacent about the true nature of the threat.
When I visited Guantanamo Bay several years ago, I met a team of psychiatrists treating the detainees. When I asked how they distinguished between, say, schizophrenia or bipolarity and a bedrock religious commitment to holy war, they couldn't answer.
The Islamic terror threat is so fierce, unrelenting and barbaric that we tell ourselves fairy tales about how these ruthless acts are anything but what they are: acts of war.
There are plenty of Muslims who live faithfully in the United States.
Give the enemy an inch, he'll take a yard.
Either a war has to be fought, or it doesn't.
Weak presidents are neither respected nor electorally rewarded by their publics.
In the Hillary Clinton model, the wife chooses to support the straying husband while wearing a distressed and presumably pained expression in public. She stays in the marriage as a way to serve both her personal ambition as well as their shared ambition to achieve ever-greater positions of power and influence.
