American,Actress
You've got to hang on to who you are, what you are. Don't let anyone take it from you.
Once you sell yourself, it's over. You've got nothing left.
Drugs won't enhance your performance.
My mother had been a country and western singer but when she moved out to Hollywood found it very difficult to get work so when I was born they put me into dance classes and singing classes as soon as I could walk actually.
At the time I was growing up in the business I was very well established within the industry as a child actor and as I grew up and turned into a teenager there was less and less work.
I had no real education because I was in and out of schools so I decided that I would completely change my look, change my image, change my name and move to New York.
I thought I would keep the first name Susan and change the last name but I picked up this book and as I opened it the lead character in it was called Morgan Brittany.
The only time in my career prior to that I played an evil character was in 'The Twilight Zone'.
I played a real nasty little girl but most of the roles I had up until then were very sweet and very nice.
Most child actors go through that. Unless you can transition into an adult star, your career is over.
Everything is a rejection of you, not your product, or your script, or a cosmetic. It's you.
You put yourself on the line as a performer, and when people reject you, it's a personal rejection.
I lost agents and managers because I turned down big movies that were smutty.
I was looked at as weird, odd, not fitting in with the Hollywood crowd.
I've played killers, crazies, and really bad people.
I feel bad about a lot of the movies I see that teach kids that if they do bad, they'll win.
Hollywood has an obligation to watch what they put out there. Kids do imitate what they see - good or bad.
Well, our children do know what this industry is about, but they have a good grip on who they are.
You have to work in this business on your own terms. Don't sell out for money, fame, or notoriety.
Hollywood people want to build you up and make you famous only to knock you off you're the pedestal they built for you.
I can meet any producer in Hollywood and look them in the eye, knowing I didn't sleep with them, or do drugs with them.
People are hungry for messages of hope and life.
The highest grossing films have great, moral messages - not dirty, base themes, so we're trying to get producers to make more of the uplifting movies.
