American,Philosopher
If one wants another only for some self-satisfaction, usually in the form of sensual pleasure, that wrong desire takes the form of lust rather than love.
Not to engage in the pursuit of ideas is to live like ants instead of like men.
Love consists in giving without getting in return; in giving what is not owed, what is not due the other. That's why true love is never based, as associations for utility or pleasure are, on a fair exchange.
Ultimately, we wish the joy of perfect union with the person we love.
We are selfish when we are exclusively or predominantly concerned with the good for ourselves. We are altruistic when we are exclusively or predominantly concerned with the good of others.
We love even when our love is not requited.
Unless we love and are loved, each of us is alone, each of us is deeply lonely.
When we ask for love, we don't ask others to be fair to us-but rather to care for us, to be considerate of us. There is a world of difference here between demanding justice... and begging or pleading for love.
Love without conversation is impossible.
In English we must use adjectives to distinguish the different kinds of love for which the ancients had distinct names.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
The ultimate end of education is happiness or a good human life, a life enriched by the possession of every kind of good, by the enjoyment of every type of satisfaction.
Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men.
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless.
You have to allow a certain amount of time in which you are doing nothing in order to have things occur to you, to let your mind think.
It is love rather than sexual lust or unbridled sexuality if, in addition to the need or want involved, there is also some impulse to give pleasure to the persons thus loved and not merely to use them for our own selfish pleasure.
In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but how many can get through to you.
Idling is important. Most people don't know how. They're afraid of it. This explains why they turn on the television set or pick up the newspaper. They think they have to be doing something.
The philosopher ought never to try to avoid the duty of making up his mind.
An educated person is one who, through the travail of his own life, has assimilated the ideas that make him representative of his culture.
There is only one situation I can think of in which men and women make an effort to read better than they usually do. It is when they are in love and reading a love letter.
One of the embarrassing problems for the early nineteenth-century champions of the Christian faith was that not one of the first six Presidents of the United States was an orthodox Christian.
The telephone book is full of facts, but it doesn't contain a single idea.
Men value things in three ways: as useful, as pleasant or sources of pleasure, and as excellent, or as intrinsically admirable or honorable.
Aristotle uses a mother's love for her child as the prime example of love or friendship.
