American,Politician
If you don't vote, you don't count.
I really want women to know their power, to value their experience. To understand that nothing has been more wholesome in the political process than the increased involvement of women.
Freedom is secured every day by our men and women in uniform. We must build a future worthy of their sacrifice.
Every month that we do not have an economic recovery package 500 million Americans lose their jobs.
Raising the minimum wage is the right thing to do, but it's a popular thing to do as well.
I was pampered in the fact that I had five older brothers, which I highly recommend to anyone.
The American dream is about freedom.
We have so much room for improvement. Every aspect of our lives must be subjected to an inventory... of how we are taking responsibility.
Think of an economy where people could be an artist or a photographer or a writer without worrying about keeping their day job in order to have health insurance.
My vision for the future always centers around our children - it always centers around our children. So anytime anybody asks me what are the three most important issues facing the Congress, I always say the same thing: 'Our children, our children, our children.'
My brother is the former mayor of Baltimore.
But we have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy.
In our recovery package we put new standards of accountability and transparency, which we hope will now apply.
America will be far safer if we reduce the chances of a terrorist attack in one of our cities than if we diminish the civil liberties of our own people.
I have deep emotions about the American people. If I were to cry for anything, I would cry for them and the policies that they're about to face.
I will not be making appointments to a committee that is not bipartisan.
If you make - not have - $1 million a year, should you not participate in the sense of community of our country? I'm willing to put that on the table.
Democrats believe we must create jobs, not protect the special interests; build the economy from the middle out, not the top down.
I went to Catholic school throughout my whole academic life. In fact, my children - my husband and I and our children in my own family now have over 100 years of Catholic education among us.
I say to my colleagues never confine your best work, your hopes, your dreams, the aspiration of the American people to what will be signed by George W. Bush because that is too limiting a factor.
Democratic priorities remain clear: to provide a tax cut for working families, to promote policies that produce jobs and economic growth, and to assist millions of our fellow Americans who have lost their jobs through no fault of their own.
The president led us into the Iraq war on the basis of unproven assertions without evidence; he embraced a radical doctrine of pre-emptive war unprecedented in our history; and he failed to build a true international coalition.
Don't underestimate your opponent, but don't overestimate them, either.
The impact of climate change is a tremendous risk to the security and well-being of our countries.
The American people voted to restore integrity and honesty in Washington, D.C., and the Democrats intend to lead the most honest, most open and most ethical Congress in history.
My husband and I, when we had our five children and they were grown, we thought we were entitled to grandchildren. And so we were just expecting this to happen; of course, nothing was happening. And then we kept begging, bribing, cajoling, anything - threatening to adopt our own grandchildren - and finally, we got some grandchildren.
I have newspapers coming to me and saying, 'Can we get in on the TARP?'.
If I cry, it's about the personal loss of a friend or something like that. But when it comes to politics - no, I don't cry.
I think about my parents all the time, especially on Sunday when I'm at Mass. My mother always said, 'We do not pray to win elections. We pray for people's health, we pray that God's will be done, we pray that we do our best. But we do not pray to win elections.'
For 25 years, it has been my privilege to represent the city of San Francisco and the great state of California; to work to strengthen our vibrant middle class; to secure opportunity and equality.
Democrats believe in reigniting the American dream by removing barriers to success and building ladders of opportunity for all, so everyone can succeed.
Jobs mean freedom for workers to support their families.
Republicans support opening the floodgates to special interest money and suppressing the right to vote. It's just plain wrong.
With President Obama, we will move America forward.
I never dread going back to Congress.
The name 'Republican' in some ways has been hijacked by obstructionists.
I read that my lifelong dream is to serve as speaker with Hillary Clinton as president. So what?
I've never walked away from any of my positions. I take pride in them.
They're anti-government ideologues who dominate the Republican Party.
I love having the support of my caucus. We have a good working relationship.
I always saw politics as an expansion of my role as a mom.
I would say that one of the things that encouraged me so much when I became elected to the leadership was the letters I received from fathers of daughters, saying that, 'My daughter can now do many more things because of what you did.'
What the Republicans have said is rather than touch one hair on the heads of the wealthiest people in our country, people who make over $1 million a year, they're saying, 'Seniors should pay $6,000 more dollars a year. But please don't let us ask the wealthiest to do their fair share.'
Democrats embrace The Affordable Care Act. We're very proud of it.
I do believe that during the Bush-Cheney administration, that Vice President Cheney set a tone and an attitude for the CIA.
As you may know, I was raised in an Italian Catholic family in Baltimore, Maryland.
Washington and Congress are steeped in history and tradition, and that's been very male-oriented.
The beauty of the Democratic Party is in the mix.
I call Washington 'the city of the perishable.'
I had a friend who was getting married. I said, 'You're getting married - I didn't know about all this!' She said, 'I need health benefits.'
I don't know that anybody has walked up to me in the street or in a store or in the grocery and said to me, 'I hope you bomb Assad.' Certainly plenty have said, 'No; thumbs down, thumbs down, thumbs down.'
My husband and I have season tickets to the Giants games, and we go there as fans to enjoy it.
Presidents and speakers for over 100 years had tried to pass affordable care for all Americans. It was challenged over and over. The Supreme Court declared it constitutional.
After over 200 years, not even a fifth of Congress is women.
Putin is going to do what Putin is going to do.
Politicians are trying to attract people to issues.
A successful marriage is a decision. You decide it's going to work. You can't always be there, but you have to be there enough. And you have to make sure you are where you're needed most.
I don't know any member of Congress who ever said, 'I'm satisfied with the communication that we have from the White House.'
If people don't have a job, they're not too interested in how you intend for them to have a job. They want to see results.
The Republican Party is the Grand Old Party. It's made enormous contributions to the success of our country. And it is a party that has embraced its leadership role when it has had the majority or the White House.
As I view the Republicans in Congress, I don't see them as a real reflection of many Republicans in our country.
The country needs more than one-party dominance, as much as I believe the Democratic Party is the party for the middle class... We need to have a marketplace of ideas.
I know about raising money.
Tom Foley was a statesman, and it was a privilege to serve under him when he was the Speaker of the House. He loved our country. He was a gentleman. I had the privilege of seeing him a couple days before he passed away.
Nothing surprises me. One thing I don't ever have in my world is surprise.
Let me just say as one who has been speaker of the House, I've had to have a very thick skin about every kind of thing that was thrown at me.
I don't spend a lot of time thinking about the ratings of Congress. I really don't.
I had five children in six years. The day I brought my fifth baby home, that week, my daughter turned 6.
I don't care how popular I am. I'm not putting myself out there to run for higher office.
Americans deserve a better tomorrow, today.
The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history.
