American,Writer
Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
Procrastination is the bad habit of putting off until the day after tomorrow what should have been done the day before yesterday.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality; man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
You can start right where you stand and apply the habit of going the extra mile by rendering more service and better service than you are now being paid for.
If you must speak ill of another, do not speak it, write it in the sand near the water's edge.
War grows out of the desire of the individual to gain advantage at the expense of his fellow man.
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together.
Think and grow rich.
Your ability to use the principle of autosuggestion will depend, very largely, upon your capacity to concentrate upon a given desire until that desire becomes a burning obsession.
It is always your next move.
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.
The most interesting thing about a postage stamp is the persistence with which it sticks to its job.
No man is ever whipped until he quits in his own mind.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.
The battle is all over except the 'shouting' when one knows what is wanted and has made up his mind to get it, whatever the price may be.
One must marry one's feelings to one's beliefs and ideas. That is probably the only way to achieve a measure of harmony in one's life.
Hold a picture of yourself long and steadily enough in your mind's eye, and you will be drawn toward it.
Reduce your plan to writing. The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
You give before you get.
More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth.
All the breaks you need in life wait within your imagination, Imagination is the workshop of your mind, capable of turning mind energy into accomplishment and wealth.
Nature cannot be tricked or cheated. She will give up to you the object of your struggles only after you have paid her price.
Understand this law and you will then know, beyond room for the slightest doubt, that you are constantly punishing yourself for every wrong you commit and rewarding yourself for every act of constructive conduct in which you indulge.
Until you have learned to be tolerant with those who do not always agree with you, you will be neither successful nor happy.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
There is no such thing as Something for nothing.
No accurate thinker will judge another person by that which the other person's enemies say about him.
