American,Actress
In this hectic life, we have no time to take care of ourselves, hence massage is needed for rejuvenation and stress reduction. A lot of people are looking for quick fixes: like, they are taking medications, and they are doing other things which are not healthy. But massage is very holistic and natural.
Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities.
For me, fashion means dare. I don't mind wearing a bikini. I am okay with it.
To kill yourself for earning a salary is not worth it.
I am a romantic, and I think dates are wonderful. I like quirky and fun things. Like going for a bike ride or for a pedicure together.
Ritesh Deshmukh is rock star. He has a lovely family. He works so hard, and he's a great actor. He's funny, friendly, doesn't have an ego, and is so nice to everyone. He's a fine professional, a good husband, and a good father. That's a rock star for me.
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.
Courtship is like simmering mutton. You cook for hours and hours to taste the soft meat. It doesn't happen in two seconds!
I think massage is a very important part of life, which is present from centuries as an imminent part of India's tradition.
No matter where I travel, I make sure to carry a Vaseline body lotion with me to keep my skin well moisturised all the time.
My motto is never to hold on to anything. I accept and then let go: not just the negatives, but the praise, too. Or it'll get to my head.
You should never go on diet and must follow a healthy lifestyle.
Stereotyping of any race or culture is narrow-minded, and I can't wait to help break the shackles.
In a time where there are divides between cultures and races, I would love to use my position to show that we are all the same inside and working together is the key to moving forward.
Even though my parents separated, my mother was in love with my father and never re-married.
One day, I will tell my story... where I came from and where I am now and how I remained positive.
I like to start my day with a glass of coconut water, some protein powder, and a mix of things - goji berries, flax seeds, hemp seeds, even the flesh of a coconut or anything with a lot of fibre. I often add bananas, or eggs - fried or boiled - to my breakfast.
I pride myself on my personilty and not my looks because one day, I will be old and crusty with a moustache, and someone is going to love me for my personality and not looks. So whoever is going to marry me is going to laugh till he dies.
I don't consider myself as a glamour diva. If you get to know me, you will see that I am so dorky and weird.
Keep your energy levels high by adding bananas and egg whites to your diet.
I'm a little weird that way. I don't really know how to express my happiness.
Drink lots of water and stay hydrated.
I come from a culture where we wear white for weddings. In India, it's different. But I really feel that there should be no set notions, and a bride should only wear something when she's comfortable in it.
For me, life is about experiencing many new things and working with good people, working on good projects, and in general, just having any kind of job.
I read about human psychology, practise balance, and accept that everything and everyone in our lives is transient. One day, people will criticise you, and the next day, they will praise you.
I'm tired of the speculation about my personal life.
I am an independent, educated woman, I make my own money, take care of my mom, and I am single, so I can do whatever I want, taking no one's permission, and that is the best part.
I am not into marriage. You look at all the marriages breaking down and all the people cheating on their marriages, and you become cynical. Marriage is nothing but a label.
My sister and I had a tough childhood, but my mom always said that travelling is the most beautiful thing you can do in your life. She always showed us the globe and gifted me an atlas.
I was tall and skinny, and at 15, I was approached to model. I figured that models got to travel, and it became my ticket to travel so much so that if an agency could not fly me to another country, I would fly on my cost so that I could see that country and also make some money.
I got a lot of offers after 'Rockstar' but was totally dependent on the team managing my work, who did not want me to sign any of the films I was offered, even though I wanted to.
Uday Chopra is a person who will be a part of my life for the rest of my life. He is the most amazing human being who I have ever met in my entire life - not just in India, but around the world. If anyone is his friend, that person is lucky to have him in his life.
I crack jokes all the time. Even when I have a fight, I will make a joke, and people will laugh.
I've learnt some important lessons: I never rely on the opinion of one doctor alone. I do my own research; I read up and am ready with questions I need answered.
I've experienced wrong diagnoses and been given antibiotics for things that could be cured naturally. We may not think much of it, but it destroys our immunity.
I have vowed never to take antibiotics again unless I really need them. I also learned to pay attention to my body, know the difference between indigestion, an allergic reaction to food, a parasitic infection or worms. It's incredible how well I know my body. I really love that.
I don't eat white breads, and I'm off dairy due to an allergic reaction and because of what it does to the body. I've learnt a lot about different foods and how the body breaks it down and what happens when we eliminate or incorporate certain foods, and it's pretty fascinating!
My mother is happy with whatever I choose to do in life as long as I'm happy, healthy, and safe.
I don't really know what the prerequisites are for Bollywood, but I do believe I can be successful in anything I choose to do.
My priority is the script. Get me a good script, and I will sign the movie. I think I should leave the casting up to the experts!
In Bollywood, they like to put us in short clothes. And I am very shy; I don't like wearing revealing stuff, though my image is such. Unfortunately, it's a body-obsessed industry.
It has been a tumultuous journey, no doubt. But I feel blessed to have got work.
I had to struggle with the language. I can understand Hindi now, but I still can't communicate. And things get lost in translation; I feel rejected all the time.
I feel like an alien. I feel people don't like me. People behaved strangely after 'Rockstar.'
My mum was born in the former Czechoslovakia, and even though my grandparents weren't wealthy, they were aristocrats in their time.
I grew up in the projects in Queens, and we were really poor.
When I was 12, my mum put us in a summer camp meant for children from low-income families. It was in upstate New York where we had to live in tents, fetch water, cook our meals, and even dig our own toilet bowls.
I did a B.A. with a major in fine arts and a minor in psychology. I wanted to become a teacher or do art therapy for the elderly. But then I realised I wanted to travel instead.
I shake hands on the first date.
If I can still have Hollywood and a piece of Bollywood, I will take it.
People will still give me attention: even when my teeth are gone, I'll have some good stories to tell.
It's so lovely to know that people who you would never think know about Bollywood, they know about Bollywood.
No, I don't have a plan. Whatever happens happens. There's never a plan.
My life and my happiness is most important to me than any job or anything in the world.
I'm usually always very happy and funny and positive. It's only when I'm tired that I get a little low energy.
I was 16 when I started modelling. It wasn't planned, but nothing in my life has or ever will be planned.
I've never been a movie buff. If I did go to a theatre to watch a film, half the time, I would fall asleep.
As a child, I did watch some Hindi movies at home with Dad, but I didn't know who anyone was. I wasn't interested, honestly.
It took me just three months to pick up Hindi. I guess I'm a fast learner when it comes to languages.
Don't be surprised if you find me doing some charity work in another country.
When you are sick, you are sick. Period.
You need to train your brain to be positive.
I don't have to be a size zero anymore. But I still want to feel and look good.
I have this board in my house that lists out all the things that I love about myself. It's a board of affirmations, and it serves me well.
I just do my job and go home. There's just one or two people I can say are friends that I can call.
I sometimes wonder if I pushed myself to get out there and meet people I'd get more work.
Because I'm in the public eye, I think that I would prefer to date someone regular who isn't in the news all the time, but I think even if you date someone regular, they'll still put it in the news.
I don't think anyone could play me. It would have to be me.
Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different.
If you feel like snacking, stock up on almonds, walnuts and cranberries.
I generally fall sick if I eat very heavy food.
After coming to India, I have felt the loneliest I have ever been in my life. I don't have a support system here.
I miss having my mom and close friends around. Thank God for Skype and Face-Time, which keep me connected... but interacting digitally can't come close to the feeling of being hugged by my mom or getting together for a meal with my friends on the same table.
I knew that all South Indian language films were first made in Chennai and that Tamil Nadu is one of the biggest film-producing centres in the country. I wanted to be part of films here.
