American,Actress
Cute is when a person's personality shines through their looks. Like in the way they walk, every time you see them you just want to run up and hug them.
I don't love studying. I hate studying. I like learning. Learning is beautiful.
I loved school so much that most of my classmates considered me a dork.
I'm a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
I'm afraid of everything. But maybe when you're afraid of everything, it sort of seems like you're scared of nothing.
I don't think I've ever been in love, I'm sure I will be some day. I've had enormous crushes, although I've never been into the Brad Pitt thing.
It's always strange being a kid on the set, because you're treated like an equal when you're working. But then when you break, the other actors go back to their trailers to take naps and drink beer, and I have to, like, go do school.
I am not someone who sacrifice all for the cinema, my life will be always more important.
I don't mean to criticize anyone in any way that I wouldn't criticize myself. I think people should have fun, and have a good time, and enjoy the luck that we have to be lazy and dwell in consumerism. But I think that it's a balance. And our job as actors is empathy.
Jasmine is just the most delicate and beautiful scent.
I usually dress very casual. Whenever I go out with my friends, I'm always like, 'Can't I just wear sweatpants?'
I remember how to be a person by being around them.
Well, right now, I'm very fascinated with 1920s Berlin. I mean, probably the more interesting thing would be to go to the beginning of civilization or precivilization - like polytheistic times. It would be interesting to see what came before modern religion and culture - what circumstances created the environment or the need for it.
Breast implants gross me out. I don't think they're attractive at all.
A movie about a weak, vulnerable woman can be feminist if it shows a real person that we can empathize with.
I'm going to college. I don't care if it ruins my career. I'd rather be smart than a movie star.
My dad's a doctor, and when I was 8, I went to one of his medical conferences where they were demonstrating laser surgery on a chicken. I was so mad that a chicken had to die, I never ate meat again.
I love milk so much! I make a point of drinking a glass of milk every day. So now anyone who did those milk ads with the milk mustaches, they're my heroes.
There's always pressure, from other people and yourself. If you're happy with the looks you're born with, then what are you going to do your whole life? We keep thinking up new things and finding better ways of doing things because we're not happy with what we're given.
Going to a party, for me, is as much a learning experience as, you know, sitting in a lecture.
I was really into dancing, taking six classes a week, and my real dream was to be in a Broadway show.
When a guy tells me I'm cute, it's not something desirable. Cute is more like what you want your pet to be.
Committing yourself to one person is sacred.
The best part about being friends with your parents is that no matter what you do, they have to keep loving you.
The only place I am recognized all the time is in L.A. and otherwise, it's only about once a day. I feel pretty anonymous.
I'm pretty hard on myself in general.
I don't know if acting is what I want to do for the rest of my life, it's just what I've, you know, ended up doing when I was little, and I've kinda grown up with it.
I grew up in the classic American-Jewish suburbia, which has a whole different sense of what it means to be Jewish than anywhere else in the world.
You know, I get much more Jewish in Israel because I like the way that religion is done there.
I'd like it if people thought I was Jewish looking.
New York is more where art is bought than where art is made.
Everyone dreams of living in Paris.
I remember as a kid being really scared of the Smurfs.
Obviously it's much easier to say that you're going to follow your passions when you're financially secure, but at least we can take solace in the fact that we now have the time to pursue the things that we really want to pursue because now the option of doing things just for the money isn't necessarily there.
I love being a mum, but it's much more intensive work than being an actress - going to work feels like you've got a day off. Not that I want a day off from being a mum; it's just perhaps I had this impression before that mums don't work. But they work more than anyone.
I think all girls in the world wish they were a Parisian girl - that sort of effortless chic confidence and comfort in their own skin.
I don't know who would not classify themselves as a romantic. I think that would be sort of sad.
I always think the most romantic books or films are the ones where the romance doesn't happen, because it makes your heart ache so much watching it.
