American,Businesswoman
Having the positive belief that it will all be O.K. just means that you hustle and make it work because failure is not even an option in your own mind.
My personal ambition remains the same - to be creative, to be modern, to stay one step ahead, to enjoy life.
The interesting thing about London is that there are always stylish surprises around every corner.
Positivity is like a muscle: keep exercising it, and it becomes a habit.
Never forget that you only have one opportunity to make a first impression - with investors, with customers, with PR, and with marketing.
Always go into meetings or negotiations with a positive attitude. Tell yourself you're going to make this the best deal for all parties.
As much as I love to shop online, I also love walking the streets on a beautiful day and seeing what finds I can discover in a small shop or vintage store.
I don't have a mentor in the strict definition. I take as much advice and inspiration as I can from the people I am close to.
Work means independence. It allowed me to shape my life on so many levels.
Success begins at that magical moment when you declare to yourself, your friends, and the universe that you believe you can do something different.
I envision a day when a businesswoman will be having lunch, and then her phone will ring. When she opens it up, she will see an image of the latest Marc Jacobs coat that just arrived in stock. With a click of a button, she can purchase it and then find it waiting for her when she gets back to her office.
Pregnancy is a very creative phase for me.
One of my goals is that, at a dinner party some time in the future, someone will say, 'Oh, my nephew is starting a ready-to-wear brand', and 20 people will turn around and say, 'Is he? Can we invest?' in the same way that, now, if you were to say, 'My nephew is starting a mobile app,' everyone would say, 'Oh, smashing! Can I invest?'
The British Fashion Awards gives us the chance to commend not only the winners but celebrate all of the individuals that contribute to the incredible achievements that make London the best fashion destination in the world.
I see ghosts.
My dad taught me never to be afraid of what's on the other side of the mountain.
Ambition is important. Of course you can't get anywhere without talent, but there are a lot of talented people. To succeed, you have to be the most ambitious talented person.
Britain has the most creative, dynamic and nimble fashion industry in the world.
I believe all positive things and negative things are valuable because they shape you.
I attended private Catholic schools in Paris and Los Angeles through high school.
I graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles, with an English literature degree and travelled for a year before going to work.
I don't work out but generally I am fit, which is why I don't work out.
I borrowed a creaky laptop from my husband, went into the web, and never came back.
Moving to L.A. when I was 11 was when my entrepreneurialism started because it's the land of the American dream.
People ask if I walk around and pinch myself. Yes, I do.
If you want success, be unique.
100% of Net-a-porter customers have a man in their lives in some capacity, and 59% are married or living with a partner.
When I started Net-a-Porter, I knew nothing. And I was pregnant. Starting a new venture and being pregnant for the first time are pretty similar in many ways. If you knew what was going to happen to you, you wouldn't venture down that road.
As an entrepreneur, what drives you has to be the good news; otherwise, you just don't get out of bed.
Brands will increasingly handle their own e-commerce and rely less and less on local distribution partners. Why should they give away their profit margins?
I believe that all brands will become storytellers, editors and publishers, all stores will become magazines, and all media companies will become stores. There will be too many of all of them. The strongest ones, the ones who offer the best customer experience, will survive.
I am honoured and excited to be taking on the role of chairman of the British Fashion Council.
My experience is in merging extraordinary creative content with innovative global commerce.
Don't let the American accent fool you. I am British.
Customers want new things, and the way that they get them isn't written in stone.
To be a designer today is to be an entrepreneur. Whether you're a two-man operation in Shoreditch or a 3,000-person, vertically integrated brand, you need to have the wherewithal to run your business through investment, considering everything from start-up funds to your exit plan or what it takes to go public.
We're seeing a crazy appetite for people to acquire and invest in British businesses.
You can no longer just have a magazine that shows you this glossy impervious image of women - in the studio, artificial, wearing a push-up bra.
I cry at anything remotely touching - smile at me warmly and I'm off... television also does it, everything from 'X-Factor' to cereal commercials. I cry when I am tired. I also cry when I laugh.
Even without an economic downturn, women sometimes want to keep their shopping habits to themselves.
We haven't even begun to see just how many transactions are going to take place online.
I attend Internet conferences all the time, and they literally make the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.
Women just love to shop.
For Net-A-Porter and its customers, luxury means exceptional service, 24-7 - wherever they are, whenever they have time.
If you're a teenager in Palo Alto launching an app, you know from the outset how you plan to finance your business.
In 13 years of doing my day job, I've learned a few things about motivating people. It's about setting a vision and, as long as everyone knows why they're doing what they're doing, you achieve that vision.
I just wear what I like, and lots of it is British.
I have donated money to campaigns. And I have been known to take to the street in protest. But I am more committed to my immediate politics than general politics.
When you love something, it doesn't feel like work.
I think I'm a better mother because of work, because I'm happy. If I wasn't working, I would just be waiting for the kids to come home every day, and living vicariously through their lives.
Twice I let people talk me out of good ideas.
The Internet is a gift to fashion.
Anna Wintour has guided me.
I love contemporary culture. Even the stuff I don't like.
Audrey Hepburn has influenced me.
I love that I love my job, and from what I'm told, that others who I work with do, too.
It's interesting to see how some of the womenswear designers that we have long worked with at Net-A-Porter are developing menswear collections - Christopher Kane, Jonathan Saunders and Richard Nicoll.
Every year I go to the Google Zeitgeist conference, which is invite-only, and I'm one of about 20 women and five fashion people out of the 400 there.
I think fashion is actually very good training for being in the tech world, because it's all about moving on to the next thing, looking for the next thing, not getting stuck in the past.
Print is at the very, very top in the fashion business - of course it is.
People always ask is it hard being an entrepreneur and a mum, and the answer is 'yes.'
When I was a teenager, a psychic told me, 'Your biggest challenge will be life-work balance.' That's certainly turned out to be true!
Net-a-porter is an environment where a woman can really indulge, browsing through more than 160 brands in our fashion playground.
I don't get manicures, pedicures. I don't get my hair done as often as I should.
The fashion cycle is outdated.
I'm an accidental entrepreneur.
When I was at U.C.L.A., I decided I was going to go to Japan and learn Japanese.
I think there will be an increasing convergence between content and commerce, that it will be about following consumers instead of making consumers come to you, and I am especially excited about the various platforms that will allow more and more access to customers.
Net-a-Porter offers catwalk fashion and trend-driven shopping, but for Mr Porter, while fashion is still important, style is key.
