American,Director
We live in a disposable society. It's easier to throw things out than to fix them. We even give it a name - we call it recycling.
Everybody has the ability to be manipulative, to be hateful and deceitful.
I will say that the idea of a woman being deceptive came from that original discussion with critics and reporters about if woman could do that kind of thing. Evelyn, herself, grew out of the discussions about how capable women are of deceit and lying and manipulation.
But even with a character like Cary who is relatively outlandish, at the end of the movie he's in a place where I wouldn't have expected him to be - taking on the responsibility of a woman who is pregnant and who used to be his best friend's wife.
Relationships in general make people a bit nervous. It's about trust. Do I trust you enough to go there?
People think my work is therapeutic. I don't see it that way. It's not like I'm saving money from a weekly therapy visit by writing down my life.
Everyone has a little bit of Howard and Chad in them. I think there's Christine in all men as well.
Everyone has a story.
I didn't choose BYU, I like to think it chose me.
I have a healthy view of what one can do with art.
I make movies I want to see.
I see bits and pieces of me in all the characters in my films.
I wanted to tell a story that interested me as much in the telling as in the watching.
I was always looking for the most dramatic emphasis.
I would be more frightened as a writer if people thought my movies were like science fiction.
I'm more than open to hope, but I think men and women have a difficult time dealing with each other and often take the low road.
If we put the camera on ourselves, our friends and neighbors, we'll come up with some scary stuff.
In a relationship you have to open yourself up.
My best male friend is my best friend until he crosses me. We're all protective of the self.
People have perhaps gotten to the point where for the most part movies are a just bit of escape.
Unrequited love is always a great thing.
We humans are a fairly barbarous bunch.
Without In The Company of Men, I could still be teaching, so who knows if this would've existed.
First I would probably place men at the bottom of the food chain. On a grander scale, I would say they're reacting to change. Feminism has got to be part of that.
I think Christine and Chad are on the opposite extremes of the spectrum. Christine is a model victim, and Chad is a model perpetrator, and Howard is closer to the middle.
I wanted to make these people real, not like they were in a painting. Like these are people who don't know they're in a period movie. Those concerns are incredibly immediate.
