American,Journalist
There's nothing wrong or evil about having a bad day. There's everything wrong with making others have to have it... with you.
We forget the little things, so it's no wonder some of us screw up the big things.
I'll rail against what I think is wrong.
We're all going to die. While I'm still here, I want to make a difference.
I hate elitists. I hate conceited people. I hate pompous people.
We're teaching our kids that attributes as vague and relatively meaningless as a toothy smile or a fine head of hair make a fine statement about a person.
I feel strongly that I need to try to make my shows as real as possible. What you see is what you get.
I want to democratize business news.
I don't think business news is just for old white men with money.
I'm not wedded to covering the markets. I'm intrigued by the markets. If I can connect Main Street with Wall Street, then I've succeeded.
I'm not staid and unbiased here. I have certain biases I want to convey, and if you disagree, that's fine.
I don't know if many people know this about me, but I have multiple sclerosis. So I don't have time for a lot of shades of gray. I don't have time for BS.
The good thing about having this illness is that it allows me to be a little bit crazy.
Sexy ain't guys like Churchill and Lincoln.
If Edwards gained 60 pounds and lost all his hair, he'd look like Dick Cheney!
Why the hell do we make such a big deal out of things that shouldn't be a big deal?
I've known attractive airheads, and I've known ugly idiots.
It's a good thing Winston Churchill was around before the shallow age of television. He might never have become one of the greatest leaders of all time.
It's not as if I can just pop on my show and be rude if I've had a hard day.
A lot of lawyers are set to tell me that it's not my fault I like to eat.
I'm the reason why I'm overweight. No one made me do it. I did it.
The tobacco companies knew quite early on the addictive nature of their product.
My dad was a big believer in treating people well, oftentimes even when he himself wasn't well.
It's sad that we have become so accustomed to bad service that we're shocked when we get good service.
The other day at a drive-through, I reminded the teenage girl serving me that she forgot my drinks. She looked at me, hissed, rolled her eyes, and then took her sweet time getting me the sodas.
We're a nation of liars. But I mean that in the kindest sense.
