American,Musician
I'm a real man. I can suffer.
Colombia changed the way I write and sing.
I'm a little bit of everything. That's what makes Nicky Jam so different from everybody else.
The way you pronounce words the Puerto Rico way, it's not really global for music. Colombians speak some of the best Spanish in the world. So having a Colombian next to me every time I write makes my music more international.
When I'm in that studio, I feel like I'm the king of the world. If I lose that, I'm going to lose a lot.
I love going to the beach. I like just walking around South Beach, but sometimes, when you're famous, it can be a little difficult.
I don't see a Spanish song being No. 1 on the Hot 100. I mean, if it happens, fantastic. But I don't think it will.
What happened in my life made me a better artist.
Vin Diesel is crazy, and when I say crazy, I mean it in a good way. He's crazy about Latinos, and he's not even a Latino. He even wants to speak Spanish. I told him we should do a song together, and he said he was shy. But I said, 'I'm no actor, but I'm acting in front of you. I wasn't scared.'
I do very well with English, and I think I should do that more and take advantage of the versatility I have. I can sing; I can play guitar.
The way I'm seeing it, God has given me all this for me to realize that this isn't what I really need in my life.
I've always wanted to work with Mana. I've been a fan of them since I started singing reggaeton in 1992.
I have to write pretty songs; that's what gets them on the charts.
I first write melodies that will make people shiver, and then, I add the lyrics.
If I write songs trying to top other songs, it's a lot of pressure.
I try not to think about the success, because it's pressure to continue making music.
I was making too much money. I was too young. I didn't know how to deal.
Making movies is great. It was like love at first sight; a whole new, different business. I can see why actors love it so much.
In the English market, I would love to work with Drake and Rihanna. Who doesn't, right? In the Spanish market, maybe Romeo Santos.
Medellin gave me so much. It gave me back who I am: the person I am, the human being I am.
Al Green is something else.
I love to see people's faces change when they hear me speak English, and they realize how far I have been able to go.
If you're making music for the U.S. Latin fan, it's important that you sing in Spanish. Even going too bilingual can backfire.
As a reggaeton act, I've always felt people are looking down on us and expecting us to fail. That's enough of a burden, and we automatically try to act with dignity.
We made history. Two Latin urban singers on the cover of Billboard is incredible. I'm proud of myself, I'm proud of J Balvin, our music, and of all Latinos.
There are people who compose from very young. That is not my case. I went discovering myself.
