American,Celebrity
I think the biggest misconception about me is people really don't know who I really am. They see the party side of me, they see the crazy side of me. But I also have a laid-back side. You know, I'm chill, down to earth. If you want to grab a cup of coffee and just talk about life, I can do that.
Be sure of yourself, don't let anyone bully you, be a strong and independent woman or boy.
You're going to have haters and you're going to have lovers.
I don't have regrets, there are only lessons. You learn from them, and you become a better person.
When you're tan, you feel better about yourself.
It sucks, but no Long Islands or margaritas when you drink. It has to be straight vodka.
I'll always be this crazy, fun person, but when it's time to get married, I'm going to be an amazing wife.
I don't go tanning anymore because Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning. McCain would never put a 10 percent tax on tanning. Because he's pale and would probably want to be tan.
Don't let negativity affect your vision. A lot of people have said harsh things, but I don't let it affect me. If anything it gives me more enthusiasm and pushes me to do better in my career so I can prove them wrong.
People go tanning because they like to feel tan. You feel more sexy when you're tan and I don't understand why you would tax on that, because you're making yourself feel more happy about yourself.
No one knows that I'm smart.
Some exfoliates have rocks in them and it makes your skin really smooth, and cat litter is a good substitute. I haven't broke out at all yet!
I think I want to move forward. I want to move to Brooklyn and find a business Italian guy to take care of me.
Study hard, but party harder.
We can't have cellphones, TV, radio or the Internet. If the president died, we'd have no idea. There's no normalcy. It's just like prison, with cameras.
If I do something stupid, which is pretty much the whole time, I hate it. I just hate it.
I have an education, I went to college, you know?
It's important to be true to yourself and your vision.
You have to remember that reality shows capture your worst moments.
Ten years from now, I would like to see myself successful as a brand, like Jessica Simpson, with babies running around and a beautiful husband and my own reality show.
I think you see more of like, the party side of me, which I call Snooki, it's kind of my alter ego.
It's always been a dream to have my own sunglass line and I'm so excited to be able to finally offer it to my fans!
I got bullied in high school. A lot of girls were so mean to me because their boyfriends wanted to hang out with me and my girls, so they pretty much bullied me to the point where I was crying at night.
I definitely want to get in shape and be healthy again.
Donald Trump, I would vote for him. Trump would make this country better I feel.
I like a guy who makes me laugh, doesn't care about the fame, the show, he just likes me for me, he likes Nicole.
