American,Actress
Raising children uses every bit of your being - your heart, your time, your patience, your foresight, your intuition to protect them, and you have to use all of this while trying to figure out how to discipline them.
Nobody can tell you how to be a good wife or husband.
I think 'Soul Food' had the biggest impact on me because that's where I was really able to shine as an actress and because I also met my husband there, and that was a huge turning point in my personal life. So, that show will stick with me forever and ever and ever.
Not just as a black woman, but as a woman, since the beginning of time, beauty has been our responsibility.
God loves you and everything about you, so why beat up on your precious self?
One good step breeds another one.
Hair is an issue for most women, and after washing, blow-drying, flat-ironing, curling, braiding, twisting and spending the time and money on it, who wants to mess it up by sweating and having to do it all over again?
A guy once told me that I sound like I'm a little ahead of myself. I can't wait to thank him at the Oscars.
All kids want from their dad is for them to be around - and to show up when they say they're going to show up.
My daughter has a vivid imagination, and so does my son.
If you had to work 14 hour days, Mondays to Fridays, then you have to keep Saturdays and Sundays sacred.
You shouldn't marry unless the both of you are on the same page on a lot of things. Life is going to deal you blows, and you have to be together. Your values and priorities have to be on the same page; otherwise, it won't work.
I have one little pooch-y stomach in a picture, and all of a sudden I'm pregnant.
Nobody really knows, but I got a little comedy in me.
Any actor will tell you that you go where the work is, especially when you have children.
Being a pedestrian again is very exciting because in L.A. you live in your car, and you're on a freeway all the time.
I couldn't imitate anyone if I wanted to.
If you're actually talking to someone who's been through a disastrous number of years, that only means one thing: They survived it.
Once there are more African Americans and Asian Americans behind the scenes as producers, writers, and directors, I think more inclusive casting will happen.
I have a real no-nonsense dad who taught me how to be resilient at a very young age.
It's not how pretty you are or how talented you are. It's that if these five people on this day in this room like you, then you get a job.
There are so many things that go into a surgical study.
Spina bifida affects every single aspect of your life, from your child's self-esteem to your ability to sleep at night.
I have friends struggling with autism, juvenile diabetes.
We're all moving at such a high rate that we have to grab the frozen dinners and the McDonald's. We can't make it a way of life - we have to get back to real, simple, clean good foods. It will save our lives on so many levels; not just spina bifida, but obesity, diabetes, everything. Food is our medicine.
Honestly, working with Eddie Murphy was mind-blowing just in terms of the budget alone. To see the respect he commands, to witness his presence, you understand why he and people like Martin Lawrence are stars.
