American,Actress
I admire anyone with their own sense of personal style.
I think lingerie plays a big part in how you carry yourself.
I will be really happy once I have done my jail time. I can start fresh.
I've just gone through so much in my life that pulling my top up just doesn't seem like that big a deal.
I have olive skin, so if I get pale, I look green. I have to tan.
I would say my biggest mentor has been my father because he always has been. Actually both of my parents have always been ones to encourage me to be myself and stay true to myself and not fall into what other people want me to do.
My job ranges from creating the initial overall theme of the season, to developing fabrics and sketching to sampling and fitting.
This year has been full of lessons learned and soul searching and realizing I'm an adult. It's time to take responsibility and not take the easy way out.
I'm a Virgo and I'm really good at scheduling. And I really make it work. I get up 6.30 every day.
I was the one that put myself in rehab. I was the one that went to my parents and said, you know, 'I have a problem and I need to take care of it.'
Anytime I am around a male body part it is kind of exiting.
I absolutely love Oscar. So classic. So timeless.
When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also.
I tend to dress a little more sophisticated than most women do.
I was 21 and I got to film with my best friend.
I know that it's a big struggle with a lot of women to dress up - especially now women have been working - because it can be uncomfortable. So it was important to me with my role to make clothes that are slightly more dressed up but easy to wear.
Clothing was something I always wanted to do. I've been pulling tear sheets from magazines since I was a little girl.
An eating disorder is serious and it's a disease, and I don't think you can lightly say that someone has a disease unless they're openly telling you that they do.
I also feel that I have been very honest with my friends, my family and also with the public about the mistakes that I've made and the challenges that I've gone through.
I live my life and I do what I do, and sometimes you forget that people are watching you.
'Fashion Star' has been an incredible platform to show America the amount of work and discussion that goes into each garment you see in a store.
I believe that fashion is the ultimate form if self expression therefore it really depends on my mood.
I am proud that my collections have received such praise, and I am even more proud to share the stage with so many talented designers.
It's been a pattern in my life - when I get in trouble, I try to get out of it, since I was little.
I have a responsibility, and it's something that I did wrong, and if I could personally apologize to every single person that has lost a loved one from drunk driving I would.
I owe the baby my life. I owe this baby everything and I have a responsibility now.
I went to the University of Arizona. I stopped because I went there for two years and I felt like I experienced college or whatever. I'm over it. I like Hollywood better.
I do love to shop. But I'm a social shopper. I like to do it while hanging out with my friends. Some of them hate shopping because they treat it like something you have to plan, like a grocery list. But if I'm out and I pass a store, I just pop in.
I think fame is harder when people have something to hide, but I'm very comfortable, and have nothing to hide.
I'm not insecure, but I'm not like, 'Hi, I'm confident.'
