American,Actress
I still don't know quite what I'm supposed to do or be.
Acting is the only thing I ever really wanted to do, and I'm really ill-prepared to do anything else.
Filming scenes like that are always odd but I feel comfortable with Josh and care about him a great deal, so it could be much worse. Scenes like that are just part of the job.
I think I'm as content as one can be.
I'm probably the most introverted extrovert you'll ever meet. Up until I got this show I was constantly told, 'She was really good, but she's just not cute enough.'
If I didn't have fake nails, my fingers would be bloody stumps.
Mary and I look eerily similar but other than that, the differences are pretty much night and day.
The only other thing that interested me as a kid was being a bricklayer. So if I hadn't become an actress, I would probably be a bricklayer.
To be perfectly honest, drama is a lot simpler than comedy.
We've had some really good guest stars. But I have to go with Alec Baldwin as my favorite. He is so neat and such a movie star. He's handsome and quirky. I was in heaven the week he was on the set.
When all of a sudden, people say, 'Wow, you look nice,' and carry on, it's shocking. Really awkward.
You're asking the wrong girl about fame. I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else.
All that some actresses want is for people to take them seriously instead of caring about how they look.
For me, I've worked hard for people to think I'm funny.
There is just so very much I can't do. I don't drive, for one.
I learned how but I have a terrible paranoia and fear. I do not drive an automobile.
I'm pretty captivated by reality TV and I know that as an actor I probably shouldn't be saying that, but it's what I like to watch.
I've always wanted to appear in a 3-D Movie, that's always been a goal of mine. If you appear in a 3-D picture you are a shoo-in for an Oscar. There's no competition.
I'm a McDonald's girl - several times a week. Usually the two-cheeseburger combo meal.
I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else.
I cannot cook to save my life. I'm really frighteningly useless, when you get down to it.
