American,Athlete
My first nephew, he couldn't say Auntie Nicole, so he called me Coco. So ever since then, everyone's called me 'Coco.'
My goal is to have the best Divas reign in Divas history.
To me, nothing is more fun than being in that ring. That ring is just my heart; it's my passion.
I'm a pleaser, but it's not a good thing because you forget about pleasing yourself at the end of the day.
I think the best time to approach a woman is actually after her workout. When you're working out, you're playing your jam, you're in the groove, and you don't want to be interrupted. So guys, wait until she's done getting her sweat on.
I'm so proud to be a Latina. Growing up and being Latina and growing up with my father and getting to do a lot of the Hispanic traditions, I loved it.
I want to build a legacy at the WWE, but I definitely want to continue to grow the Bella Empire. I want it to go beyond the ring. I would love to be a motivational speaker.
I've been an athlete and competitor my whole life, and there's nothing more that I get off on than competition.
Because my man is handsome and successful, that makes me a gold digger? First of all, I pay my own bills, and I still pay my own bills. But if your man is gonna give you a gift, you're gonna accept it. I'm not gonna be like, 'No, can you please take back the Louis Vuitton purse?' Absolutely not.
WWE is my home, and I will always stay with the WWE in some part, whether it's an ambassador, or maybe one day you'll see Nikki Bella as a GM, and no one can touch me.
Do I understand that I'm in a man's industry? 100%.
I want to get in there and wrestle my sister! That's the fun part, when you get in there with someone who has the same passion for wrestling and that can work well, and you can put on a good match where you can really just get at each other.
I always had this perception that when you lift weights, you're going to get bulky and thick. I didn't realize you actually burn a lot of fat and that it trims you down.
There is nothing better than working out with your loved one.
There's something sexy about a man or a woman when they have definition in their shoulders and their arms. When I'm at a restaurant, whether it's a man in a sleeveless top or a woman, I can't help but look.
Naturally, Brie and I bicker, like, every 10 minutes about everything in life.
I truly enjoyed my pay-per-view match against Brie. We have a bond that you just can't create. We're born with it, and we had this magic in the ring.
I used to love wrestling Beth Phoenix, and I loved everything Beth Phoenix did in the ring because it was like, 'Goodness. That beautiful woman is so strong.'
Lifting is what's made me stronger and made me look better. Not only does it burn fat amazingly - and I think it's really honed my body - it's also given me the strength in the ring to lift girls up. I can literally lift anything on my shoulders.
I truly feel like I'm a living Wonder Woman.
Being a Diva is not easy. We are on the road 300 days a year. We don't get a lot of family or personal time. With 'Total Divas' on top of that, on our days off, we have the cameras following us, and that's not for everyone.
For Brie and I - we were just 'model tired.' I was told to get a boob job; I was told to lose weight. Brie and I had a big struggle... Brie and I legit hopped in our cars, went to Georgia, jumped in a ring, and said, 'Hey, you're going to sign us. We want to be here.' I know everyone thinks it was really easy for us, but it wasn't.
