American,Poet
A lot of people resist transition and therefore never allow themselves to enjoy who they are. Embrace the change, no matter what it is; once you do, you can learn about the new world you're in and take advantage of it.
If now isn't a good time for the truth I don't see when we'll get to it.
Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts.
I think one of the nicest things that we created as a generation was just the fact that we could say, 'Hey, I don't like white people.'
We love because it's the only true adventure.
I really don't think life is about the I-could-have-beens. Life is only about the I-tried-to-do. I don't mind the failure but I can't imagine that I'd forgive myself if I didn't try.
There're two people in the world that are not likeable: a master and a slave.
Art is not for the cultivated taste. It is to cultivate taste.
Poetry and music are very good friends. Like mommies and daddies and strawberries and cream - they go together.
We write because we believe the human spirit cannot be tamed and should not be trained.
The poet Melvin B. Tolson once said, 'A civilization is judged only in its decline.' That made sense to me. I would imagine the same is true for poets and tennis players.
Now, everything I do, I do because I want to. And I believe the best is yet to come.
Some say we are responsible for those we love. Others know we are responsible for those who love us.
If you don't understand yourself you don't understand anybody else.
Sacred cows make very poor gladiators.
If everybody became a poet the world would be much better. We would all read to each other.
A lot of people refuse to do things because they don't want to go naked, don't want to go without guarantee. But that's what's got to happen. You go naked until you die.
Everything will change. The only question is growing up or decaying.
We eat up artists like there's going to be a famine at the end.
You must invent your own games and teach us old ones how to play.
White people really deal more with God and black people with Jesus.
If I could come back as anything - I'd be a bird, first, but definitely the command key is my second choice.
When you are skinning your customers, you should leave some skin on to grow again so that you can skin them again.
Follow your image as far as you can no matter how useless you think it is. Push yourself.
There are things you stand up for because it's right.
If you know what you're talking about, or if you feel that you do, the reader will believe you.
