American,Musician
If I could live in one city and do every single thing I do there, I would choose Venice. You can't turn your head without seeing something amazing.
I wouldn't know how to retire.
Any real record person knows that the number one most powerful marketing tool when it comes to music is repetition.
I'm always swimming forward like a shark. You just keep going and you don't rest. I love waking up knowing that I have a problem to solve.
Music is the one part of the entertainment business where you can't fool anybody into buying a record.
Trust me, the only real way to understand 'Chic' is in highfalutin terms. Our chord progressions were based on European modal melodies. I made those early 'Chic' records to impress my jazz friends.
I've been working since I was a child. I worked cutting lawns, delivering newspapers; I was a telephone salesperson; I was a guitar repairman.
I would play hooky from school and spend all day in the movie theaters. Consequently, I learned satire in all its subtle forms.
The only person I have regrets about is Miles Davis. He and I had become good friends after we did a photo shoot, and coincidentally, we kept running into each other at parties and stuff. I regret not having written a hit for Miles Davis.
I think the hardest thing to overcome is judging yourself and being your own worst critic so to speak.
When I go on vacation, I take very few clothes and a whole lot of books. It's the most soothing thing in the world. Reading 'Moby-Dick' is like being in a time machine. I almost feel as excited as the first time I read it and I always find something new.
I'm a record producer and songwriter; I'm a problem-solver.
I used to play flute and clarinet at school, and although I wasn't thinking about making a living or getting a pay cheque, I already knew I was going to play music all my life.
Bands always call me when they are in need of a boost and I come in and put them back on top.
It feels like my job is to support people. I support great artists. When I worked with a symphony, I sat in the third chair, not the first chair.
You can fool a person into going to see a movie with a good trailer.
With Sumthin Else Music Works, I wanted to spread the love and give newcomers a chance to make it because something that really helped me were all the people who had given me an opportunity when I was putting my career together.
Art, well good art at least, takes you to a place you go during the experience of it, and then after you experience it you are different.
Art is something that opens up and enhances your emotions and that's what I like to think I'm doing.
Every record I have done was because I was a person's friend. The only time we did not continue to be friends was if the record did not become a hit. If it did, we became great friends.
It was actually my partner, Bernard Edwards, who helped me develop my sort of funky jazz style.
Nobody under the sun was like Madonna. She was positive and clear and wholly dedicated to achieving everything that she's achieved.
My life was really interesting before 'Chic.'
I am very rich because of 'Chic' - artistically as well as spiritually. It's been an amazing life.
I'd probably be a super wealthy guy if I had sat around writing songs and getting them placed like everyone else I know. But I write songs about people or after I meet them and they're somewhat biographical - they're fiction but also non-fiction.
I've had insomnia since I was five years old. I just don't require much sleep. I'm never tired.
