American,Author
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
The eternal quest of the individual human being is to shatter his loneliness.
Hearty laughter is a good way to jog internally without having to go outdoors.
Optimism doesn't wait on facts. It deals with prospects. Pessimism is a waste of time.
The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself.
The human body experiences a powerful gravitational pull in the direction of hope. That is why the patient's hopes are the physician's secret weapon. They are the hidden ingredients in any prescription.
History is a vast early warning system.
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going.
A library is the delivery room for the birth of ideas, a place where history comes to life.
The individual is capable of both great compassion and great indifference. He has it within his means to nourish the former and outgrow the latter.
If the United Nations is to survive, those who represent it must bolster it; those who advocate it must submit to it; and those who believe in it must fight for it.
If something comes to life in others because of you, then you have made an approach to immortality.
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life. It provides human beings with a sense of destination and the energy to get started.
People are never more insecure than when they become obsessed with their fears at the expense of their dreams.
Hope is independent of the apparatus of logic.
Laughter is inner jogging.
It makes little difference how many university courses or degrees a person may own. If he cannot use words to move an idea from one point to another, his education is incomplete.
Cynicism is intellectual treason.
The way a book is read, which is to say, the qualities a reader brings to a book can have as much to do with its worth as anything the author puts into it.
Government in the U.S. today is a senior partner in every business in the country.
What was most significant about the lunar voyage was not that men set foot on the moon but that they set eye on the earth.
Just as there is no loss of basic energy in the universe, so no thought or action is without its effects, present or ultimate, seen or unseen, felt or unfelt.
My reason nourishes my faith and my faith my reason.
The only security for the American people today, or for any people, is to be found through the control of force rather than the use of force.
