American,Actor
I don't eat shellfish. I drink wine moderately and have one whiskey every evening before dinner.
You know I've never worked without a script before, but with Apatow, it's all improvisation. He calls out a premise, and you have to adapt.
I always felt it was necessary to keep up some kind of communication with other people.
I'm a pure spirit, ha ha ha!
I used to watch Babe Ruth for 50 cents. Now, baseball tickets are $400!
I loved 'Modern Family!' It was sort of the precursor to 'Trainwreck,' to that character. But I loved it. I had a great time doing it.
I was clearly brought into the whole thing about acting by my mother. She loved the theater. She had a very pleasant singing voice, which she used to sing for her ladies' club.
Karl Malden! A dear, dear, dear friend. I loved Karl. He was great.
I loved working with Renoir on 'The Southerner.' Oh, I loved it! I particularly loved when he had a scene with a cow going through a garden, and he wanted a little dog to come and bark at it and chase it out.
I was in my second year at NYU. I knew what I wanted to do, and I just walked out of college. So, from the age of 17, I've been able to do what I wanted, and that makes for a kind of contentment, a fairly pleasant demeanor.
As far as 'St. Elsewhere' goes, I just loved that show.
I'm very fond of Amy Schumer. I think she's terrific, an enormous talent.
Peter Weir is remarkable. He can do anything.
I'm very proud of the people with whom I've worked. It's an amazing collection that just by happenstance happened.
There were little Charlie Chaplins that you would wind up, and they would walk. I remember vividly. I was sitting in the high chair with the little tray in front of me. My parents would wind it up, and it would walk to me.
I imagine I was supposed to become a lawyer or something. But this was the Depression; the lawyers I saw were all driving cabs. So I thought, 'Well, if I'm going to be badly off anyway, I might as well be badly off in the theater, where you get used to it.'
I very much admired Lancaster. George Clooney reminds me of him today. Not all the macho, swinging around that Burt used to do, but the courage. You know where you stand with men like that.
Some of the movies I did - well, you have to feed your family.
Connie Bennett, the guys used to stake her, she was so good.
When I think back on it, it's amazing what happens to us as we move out into the world.
My family were Conservative Jews. My parents were both born in this country, but my father grew up on the Lower East Side, and my mother was born and raised in Harlem when there was a large Jewish 'colony' there. Eventually, they moved to Jersey City to get away from New York.
The Jews are an artistic people. It's clear from the music, the actors, the writers. They are just artists. In the early part of the 20th century, when they first came over, they had no money, but they still went to theater. The theater and education were the two biggest things in their lives.
If you're in the groove, you get something back from the audience that is so exciting and rewarding that no film or television work can possibly compete.
There's a conflict between what's in your mind and what's in your body.
I was playing good tennis up until 100.
I move slowly, and I used to move fast. I miss that.
