American,Author
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.
The early bird gets the worm. The early worm... gets eaten.
If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock, not selling advice.
People do not win people fights. Lawyers do.
Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete or a new canvas to an artist.
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down.'
By the time of the United States Tricentennial, there will be more government workers than there are workers.
Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them.
Bulls do not win bull fights. People do.
It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
Two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered with water. The other third is covered with auditors from headquarters.
All too many consultants, when asked, 'What is 2 and 2?' respond, 'What do you have in mind?'
It costs a lot to build bad products.
Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
Any task can be completed in only one-third more time than is currently estimated.
If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would get twice as much done. If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all the managers would fly off.
If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
Rank does not intimidate hardware. Neither does the lack of rank.
The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin with a silk sow. The same is true of money.
The weaker the data available upon which to base one's conclusion, the greater the precision which should be quoted in order to give the data authenticity.
There are many highly successful businesses in the United States. There are also many highly paid executives. The policy is not to intermingle the two.
There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
If today was half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
Software is like entropy. It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the second law of thermodynamics; i.e. it always increases.
