American,Designer
My goal in life was to pursue the good life.
The best of life is to embark on an adventure with a woman interested in having an adventure with you.
What is more important, the reality or the perception? I am perceived to be an important designer. It's enough for me.
A designer is like a doctor for a woman. He has a specific job, and if he is doing it well, he will have the gratitude of the woman for the rest of his life.
A woman who laughs is a woman conquered.
Every time you choose a perfume, you are voting. And, of course, I hope you vote for me. Not only for my ego, but for my pocketbook. The more you buy, the more money I make.
A healthy mind and body are essential. No excesses. Proper food. The body is like a Rolls-Royce. With care, it could last 200 years. It's a dynamo; the more you use it, the more you recharge it.
At the very beginning of my career, when I opened my business in Italy, I was also a ranked tennis player. I had won many tournaments. To be an athlete was my first choice. Second choice: designer. However! There was more money in being a designer at that time.
The first lady must be a leader. She must not be a follower.
Today's designers don't care if fashion has no relationship to human anatomy.
Clothes are designed for the media, because it's a great show.
Fashion anticipates.
Be mobile at all times, even if it causes you suffering or feelings of loneliness. Unless you're willing to do that, you're never going to get the bigger rewards.
I am a great believer in luck.
I'm the first American designer who went all over the world.
I spent half my life being hurt. The leftovers of hurt are an automatic gesture, like a dog that salivates.
I was brought up in Florence, a beautiful medieval town whose rhythm is completely in antiquity.
Life is such a tragicomedy.
I am neither the handsomest nor the richest nor the most powerful, but I've had the greatest women in the world.
I have programmed myself to be at least 105 years old.
A first date should be elegant. In comfortable surroundings. A place with excellent food, where you can talk easily and get to know each other.
In our society, everyone wants to be a celebrity overnight.
Looks, health and elegance are what counts. Someone can look wonderful in a sweatsuit.
I've been around tennis, and I have a feeling for the sport. I still play tennis, and I can still do a lot of harm to a lot of people.
I drive my own horses in a race. And I always have.
Every poor designer can go with things that are popular at the moment.
