American,Entertainer
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
You can either see yourself as a wave in the ocean or you can see yourself as the ocean.
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
I still have my feet on the ground, I just wear better shoes.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
Being human means you will make mistakes. And you will make mistakes, because failure is God's way of moving you in another direction.
The struggle of my life created empathy - I could relate to pain, being abandoned, having people not love me.
The challenge of life, I have found, is to build a resume that doesn't simply tell a story about what you want to be, but it's a story about who you want to be.
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.
You are responsible for the energy that you create for yourself, and you're responsible for the energy that you bring to others.
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. And that's how I operate my life.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
You become what you believe, not what you think or what you want.
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine.
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism.
Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possibility.
I'm sick of people sittin' in chairs stating their problems. Then we roll the videotape... then we have our experts on the topic... I'm in the 'What's next?' phase of my career.
The thing you fear most has no power. Your fear of it is what has the power. Facing the truth really will set you free.
It isn't until you come to a spiritual understanding of who you are - not necessarily a religious feeling, but deep down, the spirit within - that you can begin to take control.
I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.
I consider the world, this Earth, to be like a school, and our life the classrooms.
Even people who believe they deserve to be happy and have nice things often don't feel worthy once they have them.
Your job is not just to do what your parents say, what your teachers say, what society says, but to figure out what your heart calling is and to be led by that.
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out.
I always knew I was destined for greatness.
My idea of heaven is a great big baked potato and someone to share it with.
I feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity.
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.
You CAN have it all. You just can't have it all at once.
It does not matter how you came into the world, what matters is that you are here.
Every day, you're only as good as your last show.
Love somebody. Just one person. And then spread that to two. And as many as you can. You'll see the difference it makes.
My therapy has come from paying attention to my life.
Most people honestly want to do as well as they can in their lives.
No matter who we are or what we look like or what we may believe, it is both possible and, more importantly, it becomes powerful to come together in common purpose and common effort.
You are who you are at this moment because of everything that's ever happened to you, everything that you carried forward for yourself.
When you think about growing and being empowered yourself, it is what you've been able to do for other people that leaves you the fullest.
You alone are enough.
I had become so accustomed to succeeding that I no longer even remembered what it was like to fail.
I'm black, I don't feel burdened by it and I don't think it's a huge responsibility. It's part of who I am. It does not define me.
I had no idea that being your authentic self could make me as rich as I've become. If I had, I'd have done it a lot earlier.
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain.
I don't think you ever stop giving. I really don't. I think it's an on-going process. And it's not just about being able to write a check. It's being able to touch somebody's life.
Look at how hard it was to get to where I am. It doesn't make sense to give it up.
When you forgive somebody, it doesn't necessarily mean you want to invite them to your table.
Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother.
I think people who have good parents come into the world with a strength, yes, and an advantage.
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.
I remember a specific moment, watching my grandmother hang the clothes on the line, and her saying to me, 'you are going to have to learn to do this,' and me being in that space of awareness and knowing that my life would not be the same as my grandmother's life.
When you're the most successful person in your family, in your neighborhood, and in your town, everybody thinks you're the First National Bank, and you have to figure out for yourself where those boundaries are.
My whole reason for creating a network is literally to bring little pieces of light. It's to continue to spread little pieces of light in the world, to illuminate the possibility of the human spirit.
I always feel that until you take your last breath, you're always growing.
That's the gift that a mother can give, to make everyone feel like they are the special one.
If you're constantly pushing yourself higher, higher, the law of averages - not to mention the myth of Icarus - predicts that you will at some point fall. And when you do, I want you to know this, remember this: There is no such thing as failure.
The goal of my shows, my interviews, my business, my philanthropy, all of it, whatever ventures I might pursue, would be to make clear that what unites us is ultimately far more redeeming and compelling than anything that separates me.
Unless you choose to do great things with it, it makes no difference how much you are rewarded, or how much power you have.
It's much easier for me to make major life, multi-million dollar decisions, than it is to decide on a carpet for my front porch. That's the truth.
Acting is about going into the space, and there are just some places that I'm not willing to go.
I try to basically keep my opinions to myself when it comes to people who are charged with crimes that I don't know anything about.
