American,Celebrity
The only rule is don't be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in.
No matter what a woman looks like, if she's confident, she's sexy.
The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.
Some girls are just born with glitter in their veins.
Some people change when they think they're a star or something.
There's nobody in the world like me. I think every decade has an iconic blonde, like Marilyn Monroe or Princess Diana and, right now, I'm that icon.
I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is, like, really, really fun.
Every woman should have four pets in her life. A mink in her closet, a jaguar in her garage, a tiger in her bed, and a jackass who pays for everything.
I like it, but it's yellow, and I'm like, I didn't want yellow for my engagement ring.
I hate the taste of alcohol. When I'm drinking, I'm drinking Red Bull.
What's a soup kitchen?
I'm blonde and tanned and normal-sized! I'm sweet, shy, funny, have a big heart and I'm nice - and I like to eat.
I really don't like going out anymore. I used to love it, but now it's not fun. I'd rather have friends come over and hot have to worry about crazy people taking pictures.
I'd imagine my wedding as a fairy tale... huge, beautiful and white.
Life is too short to blend in.
Wal-mart... do they like make walls there?
I think it's important for girls to be confident. Believe in yourself and... everybody's hot.
All British people have plain names, and that works pretty well over there.
First I wanted to be a veterinarian. And then I realized you had to give them shots to put them to sleep, so I decided I'd just buy a bunch of animals and have them in my house instead.
I get along with guys; most of my friends are guys. It's easier to trust men sometimes. I only have a few close girlfriends that I trust.
I don't like parties past 2 am. Then it's all losers and weirdos.
The Backstreet Boys were so ten years ago. Whatever.
I love Africa in general South Africa and West Africa, they are both great countries.
That's hot.
You don't have to be an heiress to look like one, if you act like one then everyone will just presume you are one.
I don't want to be known as the Hilton heiress, because I didn't do anything for that.
I talk in that baby talk voice when I'm on TV, it's a put on.
My kitchen looks like the one from my childhood - very homey, with a little bit of Alice in Wonderland!
I'm not a kid anymore. And I'm excited for all the amazing things to come.
My mom decorated with lots of antiques. I never liked it when I was a little girl - I wanted to live in a modern house. But now I love it.
