American,Actress
These archetypal older women in movies can sometimes make my skin crawl. It's about the one dimension; it's about the lack of any texture.
New Orleans. Born and raised. I lived there until I was 19.
Well did graduate summa cum laude from Fordham University.
I'll read a script maybe twice, but I'll think about the role more than I'll rehearse lines.
I don't like a lot of rehearsing.
The majority of work I do is in independent films, where you're lucky if you have five takes.
But I have had the luxury of working on good films with great people.
I think it would be hard to go the distance in this business without a sense of humor.
Why are comedic parts for women the exception, not the rule?
See, the SAG awards caught me totally by surprise.
The odds are not in your favor the older you get, especially if you're a woman in this business.
But no, had I been successful in my 20s I would have been just fine. But it is nice to defy the odds.
Holly Hunter has been doing great work forever.
I have to watch the news or my day is not complete.
I'm obsessed. I've always needed to know what's going on but now it's a must.
I love writers. All of my best friends are writers.
I just have a thing for writers. Maybe it because I'm just so not a writer.
I'm really a director's actor. I rely heavily on a director.
I always try to approach character first and foremost viscerally.
It's never easy with characters in these dark and grave circumstances but that's my job.
I think it's always harder in a film to convey intimacy.
You're always close and you never get that big romantic lead.
I think it kind of took being a character actor to kind of now enter into leading ladies.
And now oddly I'm getting sexier parts than I've ever gotten.
I'm still traumatized that I'm going to be on a big screen in a white bikini and naked so who knows!
And I have a really great agent and I know it's almost an oxymoron to say you have a smart agent. But she is and she has a beautiful aesthetic and she has guided me.
