American,Athlete
I've always prided myself on being myself and trying to stick true to who I am and how I was raised.
It has been a motto of mine my whole life - just be yourself.
I want to be someone who can be a role model to kids - and to everyone, for that matter.
I probably spend the most time with Toews: we have the same schedule, and we're roomies on the road; we sit next to each other. We do a lot of promotions together.
Sometimes it's nice just being in your own room and having a quiet night and relaxing and getting ready for the game.
There are some guys you definitely would not want dating your sister - especially hockey players.
Obviously, not playing a game before playoffs is something that happened, but especially going into the playoffs, you try to feel yourself out, where you're at, and then get right into game tempo and jump right in and play where you were before the injury.
I always go home to Buffalo in the offseason. I really enjoy my home town.
Anytime you hear different things - whether it's trade rumors or people saying you're not living up to your complete potential - you're obviously going to get ticked off about that.
The little kids in the stands are going to give you a good cheer. Sometimes, that overrides the other people.
I love to play the game, love to be around the rink, and love to joke around with my teammates and have some fun.
If I score a goal on the road, I come home, and that's probably the first thing I'm doing, pullin' up the laptop and watching. Can't watch it in front of the teammates, or else I'll get made fun of.
I stickhandle a lot at practice. I watch a lot of hockey, so I try to either pick up something from other players or watch some video and see what kind of move would work in the same situation.
My favorite thing to do in this world is to be on the ice playing hockey and try to entertain fans and bring wins to the Chicago Blackhawks.
When I go down the ice, I feel it, the wind in the side of my hair, and then I got the party in the back.
A lot of the players that I play with who are Canadian, they call me Patty. Before then, I never heard it. I didn't mind Patty.
I think the big thing is you really have one chance to do this... to play hockey for a living, you have one chance at your career, and you have to take full advantage of it.
I still love playing the game, and it's amazing we can do this as a so-called 'job,' and it's amazing we can come to the rink every day and play the game we love.
It's always cool to go to different places and see what's really out there in the world.
I did charity events with the Cup all the time.
You spend enough time with someone, you're going to have your run-ins.
It's funny: when you're skating around during warm-ups, I'll see signs that say things like: 'Kane, Prom?' We have a fun, young team, and girls are asking you to the prom and giving you their numbers.
I wouldn't be face-washing anyone in real life. I'd be skating to the bench real fast to get away.
For me, I was really lucky to go to a city like Chicago where the team was struggling at the time, and I was able to go in and play right away.
For PSP, we play the 'SOCOM' game as a team on the plane, and it's pretty cool because you can connect to everyone.
You grow up... you spend five years rooming with each other, and you're going to get sick of each other at times. And you're going to have some good times as well.
It's kind of crazy to think I'm still 22 and going into my fifth season. Time has been flying by. I think it's about that time I really take the next step to the elite level.
It's good when you're getting points - you're obviously feeling confident.
It's pretty funny, just driving by in a cab, and you see a huge billboard of yourself on the side of a hotel, like a 100-by-100 poster hanging up.
It's kind of cool to have the whole country at your back. Not just a city, but the whole country is rooting for you.
That's something USA Hockey has been trying to do for a long time is prove that we can play with the Canadians and the Russians and the Swedes and Finns consistently on a tournament basis.
I'm not out there to be blocking shots or fighting guys. I'm out there to produce offensively.
We're here to win. We're not here just for the experience.
Whether it's just walking down the street to try to go to a movie, go to dinner, something like that, there are always a few people that recognize you.
There are great fans in Chicago. I think you'd rather have them recognize than not recognize you.
I myself feel that I'm a well-rounded player and got a lot better defensively and without the puck as time has gone on.
I think, for me, I'm a player that wants the puck, and I'm a better player when I have it.
Just try to get the puck and make plays, not so much worry about scoring or getting an assist or points, just try to get it and make plays. That should take care of itself.
Understanding where to be in your own zone really takes some time and development to learn.
As an offensive player, you always want to produce and score goals, especially when that's your job on the team.
Obviously, you want to help the team win in any way possible. If that's scoring goals, great.
Obviously ,you want to demand the puck; you want to have it as much as you can because you feel like good things can happen when it's on your stick.
I think you try to improve every season and every game and be prepared about certain defensemen you're playing against, certain ways to find open ice.
Since I was drafted by the Blackhawks, the people of Chicago have really embraced me and treated me with nothing but respect.
It's great to be able to continue my career in Chicago. Playing with the best organization in sports and the best fans in the game is a blessing.
I think for me, personally, I'm a guy who has watched ESPN ever since I've been growing up. You turn it on, and it's one of the first stories - the Blackhawks and hockey, which you don't really see on that station. That's cool to see.
I know hockey is growing in the U.S., and it's becoming more popular, but anything to get the game out there and see how we view it. We view it as the best game in the world.
I think sometimes when you play those extra shifts, it gets you into the game a little bit more and gets you a little bit more involved.
I'll always welcome some extra shifts and some extra ice time, and it's my job to be as prepared as possible to play those minutes.
It's cool that I'm 20 and am on the cover of the video game. A lot of kids play hockey, and a few get drafted, and only a few get to be on the cover. It's a great feeling.
