American,Musician
I recorded a song called, I Fall to Pieces, and I was in a car wreck. Now I'm worried because I have a brand-new record, and it's called Crazy!
I've become a captive of my own ambitions.
It seems that every time I stick my neck out, I get my foot into something else.
I'm having surgery today to have my face cleaned up. But it will take some fancy stitching to make me all beautiful again!
I'm gonna be something one of these days.
Boys, they can't take my refrigerator now. They'll never get my car now. I paid cash for 'em and they're mine, and I'm keepin' 'em!
I got me a hit record and I ain't never made a cent from it.
You're gonna have to learn to get out there in front of those cameras and hold your head up. Take charge when you're singing.
The one thing I wanted to do more than anything else was sing country music.
In childhood I developed a serious throat infection, and my heart stopped beating. I recovered from that illness with a voice that boomed forth like Kate Smith's!
I would never have gone anywhere if it hadn't been for Mother's faith and support.
I can't miss a night's work and let my public down.
Carnegie Hall was real fabulous, but you know, it ain't as big as the Grand Ole Opry.
Sitting around the house playing the wife and mother is driving me crazy.
My new house is going to have wall-to-wall awards!
If I made a list of the people I admire, Mom would probably fill up half of it. She could do anything and everything.
I'm not making up my mind about anything right now. Things are happening so quickly for me, and I'm still in the thinking stage.
I'm not gonna ride home in the car. I'll wait for Randy. I think I'll get home quicker.
I'm gonna walk a little bit of dog.
I'm at that point again where it don't matter where he is to me anymore.
I'd like to do my first record I ever made, A Church, a Courtroom, and Then Goodbye.
I played with Arthur Godfrey for about a year and a half.
I have gotten more than I asked for. All that I ever wanted was to hear my voice on record and have a song among the Top 20.
Anybody that'll stand up to The Cline is all right.
