American,Actress
I can't tell you what I had for breakfast, but I can sing every single word of rock and roll.
If stars behave in an erratic fashion, it's called 'colorful,' as opposed to, 'Well, maybe there's a problem there.'
No matter what your laundry list of requirements in choosing a mate, there has to be an element of good luck and good fortune and good timing.
My recovery from manic depression has been an evolution, not a sudden miracle.
I tell people to monitor their self-pity. Self-pity is very unattractive.
I knew from a very young age that there was something very wrong with me.
As much as I loathe this aging thing, I'm beginning to recognize that I am now a healthier person in terms of self-worth and knowing who I am and where I fit in the world. That's been a good trade-off for the wrinkles.
Due to my sometimes erratic behavior, my children tried very hard to avoid me and not do anything to set me off.
When I'm 80 and sitting in a rocking chair listening to the Rolling Stones, there is absolutely no way I'm going to feel old or forget my younger days.
For the first time, I lived alone... in a luxury apartment on Sunset Strip. For a few days I loved the idea, but I got lonely and restless.
Fairness is really important to me.
I joke around a lot about the manic times because they're funny. We manics do outrageous things and it is part of our colorful nature.
I've come to believe that whoever I am didn't start on December 14, 1946, and isn't going to end on whatever that mysterious date is in the future.
The doctors must tell you that one of the risks of surgery is that you might die. This poor doctor was talking to an actress. It was very dramatic to me. To him, it was just a thing he had to say.
No amount of therapy will take care of a chemical imbalance of the brain.
It's toughest to forgive ourselves. So it's probably best to start with other people. It's almost like peeling an onion. Layer by layer, forgiving others, you really do get to the point where you can forgive yourself.
If I have any message for others, it is to go for help early and not to be a resistant patient.
I'm surviving a life-threatening illness. Many do not, such as those without celebrity and fortune who have to depend on the public healthcare system.
Actors take risks all the time. We put ourselves on the line. It is creative to be able to interpret someone's words and breathe life into them.
Human beings have speculated about the relationship between inspiration and insanity for centuries.
I believe that all the important people in my life prior to 1982 were victimized by my illness.
I can't even remember how many times I tried to kill myself.
I had been very close to Anne Bancroft when we worked together in The Miracle Worker.
I have a picture of myself in my mind as I walk around every day, until I look in the mirror-and then I'm stunned.
I have been afraid all my life that I am going to die. All my life it has been stuffed in my imagination.
I have two books that were published quite some time ago. I start to read about three sentences. I have to close it. I am so self-conscious. Who did I think I was?
I was a truly loving mom, but I didn't have the tools to do the job.
Bipolar indicates that you're not - you don't just experience depression, but the mood swing goes up, and it can go very up.
Nobody gets through life on a pass.
It's not a giant thrill to hear someone give you the label 'manic-depressive,' but to me I was so relieved. What I was suffering from had a name and could be treated.
During the rocky times, it never occurred to me that one day I would hold a position of respect and responsibility in the community.
