American,Athlete
Find a good teacher that will keep the game fun. Work hard and don't be afraid to have success or disappointment. That is what golf is all about.
Every woman should recruit a female friend to take up golf so there will be more women available to play.
Someone has to take the garbage out, someone has to cook the food, and someone has to clean the dishes. I want to do all of that.
Being nervous is not something you should be ashamed of. Nervous means you care, you really want to do well.
I'm lucky my parents travel with me.
I plan my golf outfits for the tournaments, I recycle some for the practice rounds, but I always have new ideas for my golf attire, and I like to dress nice after the rounds, so I have to bring all my heels. It's terrible. The worst part about being on tour is living out of a suitcase.
There is so much I want to do in women's golf, and I'm living my dream.
School is very important to my family.
I love to win. But probably equal to that - I love doing what I do.
My job is what millions of people do for recreation. How can you not like that?
If what I say or what I do affects others who look up to me as a role model, that pleases me so much.
I think about what I've accomplished and my career. I care about how many wins I have and whether I'm accomplishing my goals.
I care about my quality of life and money.
I've never gotten cash out of a machine. I use my credit cards, so I don't need to do that.
I think I do my own thing. I start my own trends. I see a lot of girls doing what I've been doing. Pink. Nobody wore pink, and now everybody wears it. It's flattering.
We are a global sport. I mean, golf is obviously played all around the world. But when you have your National Championship, of course, everybody in America is rooting for an American.
An American champion, obviously being here in the states, is something that we all look at with the U.S. Open. But golf is played all over the world, and there are so many great golfers from other countries, and we're lucky enough that this is our home base to be able to play out of.
There is etiquette in golf, but it's not any harder to learn than what to do at a dinner party. Actually, it's probably easier. And these days, there are a lot more women out there than there used to be. It's not like when I was young. I was always the only girl on the range.
Women in pro-ams are always telling me about all the business deals they've struck on the golf course playing with their male work colleagues.
I've always said, the harder the golf course, the better I play.
When I leave the country, I'm very, very cautious about what I eat and drink. No vegetables, no fruit.
I believe you have to have balance in your life.
I have been an avid reader of 'Golf Digest' ever since I started playing this great game.
When I first started playing golf, I was heavily into softball and basketball.
I grew up playing every sport.
My parents have always been there to really support anything I wanted to do or learn - they provided the opportunity for me. I was very blessed in that sense.
