American,Public Servant
History is just littered with problems that were solved that were supposed to be impossible.
We don't start a job that we can't finish... that's the American way.
Someone once said that history has more imagination than all the scenario writers in the Pentagon, and we have a lot of scenario writers here. No one ever wrote a scenario for commercial airliners crashing into the World Trade Center.
One of the things that ultimately led me to leave mathematics and go into political science was thinking I could prevent nuclear war.
Before September 11, terrorism was viewed as something ugly but you lived with it.
You can't win if you're chasing the wrong problem.
I think one has to say it's not just simply a matter of capturing people and holding them accountable, but removing the sanctuaries, removing the support systems, ending states who sponsor terrorism. And that's why it has to be a broad and sustained campaign.
I think all foreigners should stop interfering in the internal affairs of Iraq. Those who want to come and help are welcome. Those who come to interfere and destroy are not.
Public action should seek to expand the set of opportunities of those who have the least voice and fewest resources and capabilities.
Jobs are a priority for every country. Doing more to improve regulation and help entrepreneurs is the key to creating jobs - and more growth.
I've met quite a few dictators up close and personal in my life.
I certainly don't like a label that suggests I believe that the military is the solution to most of the world's problems.
Poles understand perhaps better than anyone the consequences of making toothless warnings to brutal tyrants and terrorist regimes.
That sense of what happened in Europe in World War II has shaped a lot of my views.
It's a very bad thing when people exterminate other people, and people persecute minorities.
I like globalization; I want to say it works, but it is hard to say that when six hundred million people are slipping backwards.
It's wonderful that so many people want to contribute to fighting aids or malaria. But, if somebody isn't paying attention to the overall health system in the country, a whole lot of money can be wasted.
I told my father I had to try political science for a year. He thought I was throwing my life away.
I think, in the longer view of things, there is a very powerful pull in the direction of participatory government.
If greater openness is a key to economic success, I believe there is increasingly a need for openness in the political sphere as well.
For the private sector to flourish, special privilege must give way to equal opportunity and equal risk for all.
The cost of the high-cost economy remains too high.
Look, I think the public generally understands that what's at stake in Afghanistan is American security, number one.
I think it's a mistake to rely too much on any one economic factor. It's why investors try to spread their portfolio round.
The most striking thing is that even before Osama bin Laden was killed, he seemed largely irrelevant to the Arab Spring.
We did not go to war in Afghanistan or in Iraq to, quote, 'impose democracy.' We went to war in both places because we saw those regimes as a threat to the United States.
