American,Director
You have to be a brat in order to carve out your parameters, and you have to be a monster to anyone who gets in your way. But sometimes it's difficult to know when that's necessary and when you're just being a baby, throwing your rattle from the cage.
I'll rebel against powers and principalities, all the time. Always, I will.
I've never been a fan of whimsical or confusing storytelling.
How do I respond to criticism? Critically. I listen to all criticism critically.
I don't get a sense of American pride. I just get a sense that everyone is here, battling the same thing - that around the world everybody's after the same thing, just some minor piece of happiness each day.
But I'd be lying if I didn't say that every time you go to make a film, you're desperate to either do it better than you did it last time or to not repeat yourself.
I have a feeling, one of those gut feelings, that I'll make pretty good movies the rest of my life.
Screenwriting is like ironing. You move forward a little bit and go back and smooth things out.
I am always looking for that nuance, that moment of truth, and you can't really do that fast.
Clinton used to like to get out of the White House a lot. He would take night trips to McDonald's, and stuff like that. I think he wanted to get out of the house.
No, really. Just do it. You have some kind of weird reasons that are okay.
No matter how many times you do it, you don't get used to the sadness - for me at least - of coming to the end of a film.
Well I'd really love to work with Robert De Niro, because he's still the most talented actor out there.
I don't miss scenes at all the way that I used to miss them when I was younger making a film. It's actually quite fun to get rid of them now.
It felt like the first thing, but when I first started out, I got a job adapting a book by Russell Banks called 'Rule Of The Bone.' I didn't do a very good job. I didn't really know what I was doing in general, let alone how to adapt a book.
I actually enjoyed the struggles that we had trying to shape 'Blood', to get the pacing right, the rhythm of it.
So with 'There Will Be Blood,' I didn't even really feel like I was adapting a book. I was just desperate to find stuff to write.
I had never read Upton Sinclair. I didn't read 'The Jungle' in high school or anything like that. But it's pretty terrific writing.
The films that I love are very straightforward stories, like really old-fashioned stuff.
I didn't have any desire I might have had 10 years ago to shoot every single word that I wrote.
Of course, I'm no dummy.
I don't want to be the angry guy.
I'm completely aware of the fact that I'm a control freak.
Acting is the hardest job in the entire world. By far. Harder than ditch digging.
My dad was this sort of avant-garde guy who did all kinds of weird things. He was a true original and anybody who met him never forgot him.
My older sister was at the cusp of new wave, and I had older brothers from my father's first marriage who were rock 'n' roll guys, so I was exposed to a lot of popular culture.
