American,Musician
I think it's important to find the little things in everyday life that make you happy.
Just watching my cats can make me happy.
Walking is magic. Can't recommend it highly enough. I read that Plato and Aristotle did much of their brilliant thinking together while ambulating. The movement, the meditation, the health of the blood pumping, and the rhythm of footsteps... this is a primal way to connect with one's deeper self.
The flower has opened, has been in the sun and is unafraid. I'm taking more chances; I'm bold and proud.
The monsters are in your own head.
I'm used to adversity and working really well in difficult situations. It was hard for me to accept the success.
But looking back, the fact was that I had a couple of big hits too quickly and it was simply too much for an introvert like me to handle.
I think of my shows as family reunions. I give 100% every time. I just do. It's a huge therapeutic release. Also I love my touring family. And I love my audiences very much.
I'm accepting I'm not living that younger, dreamed version of myself in the big city.
Didgeridoo was something I picked up while I was on tour in Australia with Peter Gabriel in '93. I found out later that it's only meant to be played by men.
I've left Bethlehem, and I feel free. I've left the girl I was supposed to be, and some day I'll be born.
For me music is a vehicle to bring our pain to the surface, getting it back to that humble and tender spot where, with luck, it can lose its anger and become compassion again.
Feminists were psyched that I had armpit hair.
I hope and believe we are paving a better future for female artists to come.
I don't like to sit and bask in my own awards. Awards represent artistic death to me.
When you're a plebeian you want success, and when you're successful you want to be a plebeian again.
I'm glad I made a piece of art that can be interpreted so widely. Art is always interpreted subjectively.
The older I get, the more I see that there really aren't huge zeniths of happiness or a huge abyss of darkness as much as there used to be. I tend to walk a middle ground.
If not for music, I would probably be a very frustrated scientist. It's one way to answer the question, 'What is the meaning of life?' I feel music answers it better.
I'm a songwriter who's put my childhood memories and teenage angst into songs.
I find that the older I get, the more I see that there really aren't huge zeniths of happiness or a huge abyss of darkness as much as there used to be.
I wanted to be a cheerleader, like my sister was - all the most popular and beautiful girls are cheerleaders and I wanted that, and it demolished this vision of myself. That's when I found the piano, when music saved me; that's when I first attempted to write my own songs.
At the age of 15 months my daughter was diagnosed with very bad asthma, and essentially I put my career on hold for a good eight years.
But at the age of 44, I sure hope to be a better businesswoman. I want to get the music straight to my fans.
I'm raising my daughter with her grandparents in the picture, and that feels good.
Being a writer is a very private, internal process. Ultimately I am more the writer, being an introvert.
