American,Musician
Everyone is your best friend when you are successful. Make sure that the people that you surround yourself with are also the people that you are not afraid of failing with.
All my life I have been taught to take the high road and never to dignify salacious or false accusations and I have been taught never, never to lie.
Constructive criticism is about finding something good and positive to soften the blow to the real critique of what really went on.
Keep the faith, don't lose your perseverance and always trust your gut extinct.
Your talent is your art. It is not to be taken for granted.
When you wish upon a star, you just might become one.
Not only do I never lie, I never respond to lies, no matter how vicious, no matter how hurtful.
America fell in love with the innocence of a kid who just was honest, saying, I did the best I could, and I had no formal training.
When people expect me to go right, I'll go left. I'm unpredictable.
I feel blessed to have as many comebacks as I can.
Can you imagine Simon as a kid? His imaginary friends probably never wanted to play with him.
I welcome him like I welcome cold sores. He's from England, he's angry and he's got Mad Power Disease.
Idol has pretty much taken me out of my recording and out of my choreography. I have managed to slip in some choreography jobs. And I've been writing songs for other artists.
I will never forget my humble beginnings as a Laker Girl. It was probably one of the most fun jobs I ever had.
I think a duet with Janet is a great idea.
My job, I think, is the hardest job out of all the judges because I am the only one that is a performer.
If they're singing about heartbreak, they've lived it.
Find fitness with fun dancing. It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise.
When you go to meetings or auditions and you fail to prepare, prepare to fail. It is simple but true.
I have been working up until recently with Neil Simon, who has been adapting the character to me.
I am in Toronto, shooting a movie for NBC.
Any types of auditions will be posted in trade magazines.
I signed on with Disney to star and choreograph an original film.
I'm grateful this ordeal is over, and I'm so looking forward to getting back to the job I love.
Simon would not want to audition in front of Simon.
Virgin Records will probably release their own package sometime next year.
