American,Comedian
If you have money and you have fame, but you don't have any confidence in your blackness, then it's all for nothing.
People ask me, when was my best time? I always say, 'Today.'
If your hair is relaxed, white people are relaxed. If your hair is nappy, they're not happy.
Sometimes, what you do you have no control over because it's predestined. It's gonna happen in spite of you. There's nothing you can do about it.
America is racial. America was founded on race. Race is America. The code name for America is 'race.'
An audience can be like a pack of wolves.
Whatever that thing is that white people like in blacks, I don't have it. Maybe it's my arrogance or my self-assurance or the way I carry myself, but whatever it is, I don't have it.
There's no such thing as reverse racism.
The king of comedy is dead. Richard Pryor was the king of comedy. The rest of them are the king of copycats.
America has a rap sheet. You can't police the world and tell the world how to act when you're just as bad yourself.
We have a lot of black Anglo-Saxons. Their skin is black, but their brain is white. When I get real mad at them, I call them 'graham crackers.'
I have such an ego 'cause I'm a double Leo. I can't let go of me, you know, so it's very difficult for me to be somebody else and not me. I'm so into me.
White people are very good at acting like they're not racist. They deserve an Academy Award for that.
I'm as American as apple pie.
I'm like the Davy Crockett of comedy... after Davy Crockett opened up the West and helped everybody... they didn't need him anymore. I freed a lot of comics... if I never would have done comedy, it would've been a different art form... I'm sure of it.
People think you're crazy if you turn money down... people worship money.
I have nothing to do with racism in America; it was here when I got here.
Julie Christie, I used to hang out with her. She was friends with Richard Pryor and Warren Beatty and all of them. There was a club in Beverly Hills called the Candy Store, a private club. I used to hang out with them all.
I read a lot of history. The passive Jews in Germany didn't survive. The smart ones got out.
I'm passionate about what I do. I'd be naive to be passive.
Robin Williams learned technique. He has the technique of being funny.
I was born a comic.
I've never seen anyone more messed up over success than Richard Pryor. For him, it's a constant battle between success in the white world and keeping it real for his black self.
I think about never losing my voice, never giving in, never selling out, always keeping black, always sticking to the street. Staying neighborhood and not Hollywood.
You white folks see UFOs in your dreams. You don't hear about Martians in Harlem.
What does it mean to be too black for Hollywood? It's self-explanatory. Hollywood has certain kinds of blacks that they like.
I got my sense of humor from my grandmother. You know, my grandmother was very funny.
Arizona has always been anti-black.
I could drop dead tomorrow, the truth will be here. Truth is forever; when you read our history, truth is forever, and it always outs itself.
Tennessee Williams knew about the South, but he would clean it up and lie about it.
When they were making black films in the '60s and the '70s, everyone knew their place, if you get my drift. You understand? Everyone knew the rules, and everyone knew their place. Everyone knew what to say. They had the written rules in Hollywood film, and the unwritten rules.
When you watch TV, I didn't know black people were that happy. I had no idea they were that happy. I'm trying to find them.
