American,Politician
I've closed factories in Mexico and brought those jobs back to the United States. I've closed factories in Canada and brought those jobs back to the United States.
Islam is not a religion. It's a political system. It has a different set of rules.
Can you name the last time Paul Ryan worked as hard for Wisconsin workers as he has for corporate America? I can't. I can't think of one time.
Paul Ryan's in for Paul Ryan.
Paul Ryan was grown in a petri dish in D.C. He is absolutely an open borders guy, through and through.
The question is, why do we have Muslims in the country?
If someone is supporting Sharia, that is doing something wrong.
Mr. Trump is unifying the party, and I applaud him for that.
I'm so grateful to Ms. Palin and all the people who've endorsed me.
I'm calling out the enemy. He is Speaker Paul Ryan.
The jobs aren't going away. They're bringing in people to replace Americans in those jobs. And this Trans-Pacific Trade Partnership, it makes it worse.
We have got to secure the border and enforce existing immigration laws.
We could secure the border in 72 hours. We could. We just don't have the political will in Washington.
I'm supporting Donald Trump because Donald Trump is against this trade deal, this Trans Pacific Partnership, this job-killing trade deal that is going to bring cheap labor into this country.
My message hasn't changed from day one.
Paul Ryan whipped the votes to get fast track Trade Promotion Authority to sell our jobs to foreign countries. He absolutely worked on that. Paul Ryan owns it. He can't say he doesn't agree with it, because when he did that, that contract was already written. It was already set up - that treaty was already set up.
Paul Ryan has shown more passion in attacking Trump than he has ever shown in defending Americans.
Donald Trump has courageously taken on the entrenched special interests who sought to suppress the working people of this country and who have sought to deny them a livable wage.
I'm a businessman. I build things, create jobs - jobs that allow people to pay their mortgage, put food on the table, put their kids through college.
TPP is a job killer.
Here's what we should be doing. We should be monitoring every mosque. We should be monitoring social media. We've got about three million Muslims in the United States.
If Americans want President Trump to be successful, we must retire Speaker Ryan.
If Paul Ryan is re-elected, if he's sent back to Congress, he will push for the biggest amnesty in this country's history; and immediately after his re-election, he will push Obama's jailbreak crime agenda.
If the Muslim is Sharia-compliant, that is in direct conflict with the U.S. Constitution.
Here's the thing you got to remember: I don't believe that the breakpoint is terrorism. I believe... the breakpoint is Sharia.
I run businesses all around the United States, all around the globe.
