American,Athlete
Life changes when you have a child, when you have your own family. You become more careful about what you do. You're not going to be out late, going out to clubs, hanging out with your friends. You're going to be at home, taking care of your daughter, playing with her.
I always wanted a little brother because I felt like the little brother had to do everything.
The game isn't over till the clock says zero.
My brother was a huge Charles Barkley fan - my brother went to Miami. He played power forward, and he always used to tell me stories about Barkley and college. And I watched Barkley growing up. I loved what he brought to the game. His toughness and just his attitude, being as strong he was.
There's a line that separates having confidence and being conceited. I don't cross that line, but I have a lot of confidence in myself.
When you gotta go through something tough, I've always been a guy that just wants to get it out of the way.
I think the most important thing I work on is just my mental approach to every day, my mental approach to the game. How to come in each and every day focused, doing what I want to do, I think that's just the biggest issue.
A lot of people that I've had around me have been my closest friends since junior high, back when we were exchanging each other's clothes, staying at each other's houses. That was before I had anything.
I probably visualize myself, the shots I'm going to get in the game, how I'm going to play defense, what we have to do to stop the other team's best player, what it's going to take out of me, the whole aspect of the game.
The rim is looking bigger and bigger every game.
I like the Raiders. That's my favorite team.
Once people start making comparisons to a player of the past, they want you to be that player. I try to go out there and create my own image, my own style, my own type of game. Right now I can't even think of one guy I've been compared to.
At the beginning of the season, I set my goal to see if I can lead the league in scoring, because I feel I have that kind of ability. A lot of guys say it, but it's not really in their grasp. I feel that's really in my grasp.
I've always been a late bloomer. My body developed late. From ninth to 10th grade, I grew like 3 inches. Just kind of stretched out. I was like 6-1, grew to 6-4 in 10th grade.
I worked at a hospital for a week. And at a golf course when I was in college at Kansas for about a week. The tips weren't good so I quit.
Kids get influenced by other kids.
A lot of players know I've been around 13 years and this is my second lockout. I got a lot of respect. I know what's going on both for the league and the union.
I'm a competitive player, and I love being on the court. If the NBA cancels the season I'm definitely looking at my options and considering going overseas.
'A Christmas Story' is my favorite Christmas movie.
Ubuntu is about a community coming together to help one another.
I'm a competitive person. I love the game of basketball. I'm a gym rat.
I've never been in a gang. None of my friends have been in a gang. I've never rolled around with big entourages.
When you win a championship, it is a great feeling, and you really don't want that feeling to go away.
The Celtics don't celebrate anything but championships.
When you give a team life, give a team confidence, anything can happen in a Game 7.
You know coaches. Sometimes they ramble.
