American,Businesswoman
Be true to yourself and surround yourself with positive, supportive people.
Surround yourself with people who lift you higher.
Having challenges in your life open doors for you.
What's crucial is to never get stuck. Making hard decisions is such an important part of being a startup in order to keep moving forward.
I reason that as long as I'm smiling 90 percent of the time, I can handle the setbacks that occur 10 percent of the time.
To me, I will be a stronger person if I'm moving forward, doing the work I want, and continue to drive: force the purpose that I want to create versus doing what other people think I should be doing, which is never a way to live.
It's about knowing yourself and what you're good at. Females, males - anyone can be anything they want to be.
I want to stay active. I want to find that mind-body connection every single day, and I want other people to have that because we spend our lives on our phones, at our desks. We're not thinking about our bodies and the mental connections we should be having, and those moments help us push through to live our best life.
When I started fundraising like me and leading like me, that's when I really started to shine and find my own rhythm.
Failure is an amazing data point that tells you which direction not to go.
I want little girls to believe that they can be CEOs.
I believe you win the race by looking forward, not behind.
I get bursts of creativity with bursts of physical activity.
It's really lonely trying to build something by yourself. It's good to have thought partners to bounce ideas off of.
Surround yourself with people who only lift you higher.
It's really about if you do the work. Work hard; your results will speak for themselves.
When something is aspirational, you don't want someone to be thinking about payment every single time.
Dance has always been the center of who I am. It has given me the inspiration to help other people find a hobby, passion, and activity that fulfills them. It also taught me some of the many skills I need as an entrepreneur: a hard work ethic that takes practice to master and the confidence to persevere through any challenges.
Every person is different and unique. I am a female. I'm Indian. I'm 4'11". People should never be defined by what they look like and sort of these demographical parts about them, but the most important thing is the work you do, so females are just as capable as doing that as males, and the same thing with any other person out there.
We stipulate about where we need to be in life: By this age you should be married, by this age you should have kids. But it's not that you can only do this or only do that. It's really about creating a holistic life: about planning ahead and being efficient with your time and really listening to yourself.
I never feel bad. You can't feel bad - you have to just make the best decision you can at the time you're in and be like, 'That's the decision I believe in.'
The worst thing you can do is sit there and do nothing, right?
The best thing I could do is build a successful company and continue to innovate and be in the right role I want to be in. If I'm not doing that, I'm inauthentic. That's not a good role model to anyone. That, to me, is the most important thing.
The impact we have on people's lives, to me, is more important than any title anyone can carry.
It's OK when something doesn't work. It gives you another data point when things do work.
You can always change your branding or hire lawyers, but it's critical that you figure out if you have product market fit, and if you don't, figure out how to course-correct without getting stuck.
I love barre because even when I'm not dancing, I feel like I'm training those same muscles.
I plan my time to a 'T.' I plan when I am going to sleep; I plan when I am going to relax. I obviously leave time to have spontaneous life experiences - I think that's really important. But so much of it is setting up you mental energy in the right way to get the most out of your day and time.
I think it's so important to have a great support network when you feel like you can't - I would actually go and talk to the people who tell you that you can.
In a startup, there have to be challenges. Otherwise, someone else would have done it already. And that's almost the most exciting part.
You should wake up in the morning and say, 'What do I want to do today? What's going to make me happy?'
Any time you find yourself doing something out of obligation, that's a time you should start questioning whether you're spending your time wisely.
I'm an artist in my heart.
As long as I'm building and doing what I want to do, that's the only thing that matters.
I'm not going out there screaming, 'I'm CEO! I'm CEO!' That's not the way to do it.
Founders are exceptional, and they all want to go back to creating. And I feel privileged to be able to do that.
You can't replicate Seamless or OpenTable for another industry.
When I first started out, there were times I would dress or act in a way because I thought it was expected of me or that people would take me more seriously. But once I started leading in a way that was authentically me, that is when I really started to see success.
You need people to encourage you along the way, both during your success and failures, because there will be both.
When it's time to recharge, I don't feel guilty about it.
The more you practice something, the easier it'll become.
We never would have built ClassPass if I hadn't learned so much from the Classtivity experience.
I truly believe that everyone can be creative; you just need to find your form of expression.
No business is good when, on the last day of the month, you're like, 'What was the usage for the month?'
I think I had a lot of people who were like, 'Payal, we love you, but product's not there,' or 'business is not there.' I never gave up, though.
I think, as a founder and entrepreneur, you just keep hustling through it.
I always say investors invest in lines, not dots.
I remember going out to raise my Series A and ending up with multiple term sheets when I had gone to Silicon Valley probably four times at that point and coming back with nothing.
I thought, 'I have ideas. I'm creative.' I just didn't see why I should be pigeon-holing myself in the business world or staying in corporate America when I already knew that I was capable of taking risks.
My assumption was that people are already motivated to go to a fitness class. That's who I am. I was already ready to go out there and get to class. All I needed was a search tool. But it turns out people need more than that, and that's why gym memberships exist.
I basically live in workout clothes.
Some people have that school of thought where fitness isn't enjoyable, but we're making it enjoyable, I think, by making it more fun, challenging, and engaging rather than this boring thing that you have to do. It's about using technology and data to change this experience.
We want you to find that thing that will make your life better.
We're not trying to be Nike. It's about evolving into new products that are going to make people's lives better.
Without a story, people aren't going to connect to what you're telling, what you have a pain point about. It's so important for them to know why you've created the company, without that connection to the broader vision that you have - why are you going to do it? What are you going to accomplish?
I think, when I see entrepreneurs, they tend to talk about the market and the industry - which is obviously very important, but the most important thing is you're product. What are you selling? And does it really have product-market fit?
You need to keep having data points of progress, so even if an investor - and we've all had investors say no to us - there are times where you go back, and you keep them in the loop, and you keep telling them the progress and the perseverance you have.
You have to learn to sell yourself. I think people forget they need to look at where else they've really performed in their life, where they've been in a place where they were confident.
Working out is so mentally and physically important.
As we've got more data, and ClassPass has grown, we've had to change rather than have a one-size fits all approach.
Focus on your product. A lot of people focus on the name of their brand or the legal aspects, but it's more important to create your product. It's why people join. It's your vision. Without your product, nothing is going to happen.
In running my own company, I was too busy for a while, and I thought, 'Maybe I'll stop dancing for a bit.' It was the worst decision ever. I just lost my creativity and my drive.
ClassPass, to me, is people are choosing a lifestyle to live; it's saying, 'Yes, I want to work out and live my healthiest happiest.'
I remember, at MIT, we had to write an essay about something mathematical that you do in your extra time. I basically wrote about how dance, to me, was geometry: it was all shapes.
When I was 5 years old, I saw people dancing in my head. In college, I would choreograph for the cultural shows, and in my notes, I would actually create formations of people. It was how my whole brain worked.
If you feel good, it doesn't matter what you're wearing.
Allowing our staff to mix their life with work only makes them more productive and in love with the work that they're doing.
I want our staff to be able to feel like themselves.
Whenever people are trying to give you money, and you're like, 'No! Don't,' you have to stop and consider, what am I saying no to?
If I exercise once or twice a day on vacation and don't want to wash my hair too often. I pack a lot of dry shampoo, like Amika's.
People saw more magic in me than I saw.
If you love what you do, it's not work.
You need to find that thing that's going to get you through your day and that you're excited about. No day should ever be lived without feeling like it was a fulfilling day. You need to set yourself up for that.
