American,Actress
I feel the same magic about 'Angel Falls' that I did with 'Twin Peaks' and 'Mod Squad.'
I didn't know how to smile for the paparazzi.
I used to worry I'd make a fool of myself, but I don't care what anyone thinks of me anymore.
I never had confidence - never. The hardest thing to know is your own worth, and it took me years and years to find out what mine is.
I feel more content with what I wear. I always feel confident. I shop for my age and my body.
I ran into Neal Patrick Harris recently. We were in something called The Purple People Eater. He was maybe 10, but he still remembered it as the worst experience of his life!
Despite 'Mod Squad's hit status, I never really made the inner connection that I was contributing.
I know I wanted to be with somebody and have children. My heart comes before my work.
I'm kind of kooky, but do I look like a religious nut?
I had a wall around me and a lot of fantasy locked inside.
I didn't stutter when I was reading lines in a script. When I got away from myself, I didn't have that problem.
In acting class, I used to hide in the corner and pray the teacher wouldn't call on me.
Sometimes I would make myself very still and try to imagine myself dead. I tried to invoke the feeling of the very last breath I would take.
My love affairs were more often about the fantasy than the actual person I was involved with.
I love pool because it's a game of strategy, a game of the eye, and your whole universe is like this. I really want to become a pool shark.
I didn't come from a background where I was hurt, but I felt hurt inside.
I was very guarded.
No one knows me with dark hair.
If you look at the old 'Mod Squad's, there was a lot of space in between our dialogue.
My daughters made me stop wearing sweats to run errands.
I hated Long Island, and I had to get out.
I've been in some terrible movies.
I want to do 'The Graduate!' When Lorraine Bracco's finished, I'm up for it.
I live in Juicy Couture sweats and a pair of Uggs.
I advise my daughters to moisturize, moisturize, moisturize, but worrying too much about the way you look will age you.
Beauty at any age really does come from within.
