American,Musician
I love my country very dearly, and I greatly resent the implication that some of the places that I have sung and some of the people that I have known, and some of my opinions, whether they are religious or philosophical, make me less of an American.
I want to turn the clock back to when people lived in small villages and took care of each other.
It's a very important thing to learn to talk to people you disagree with.
I've found that festivals are a relatively painless way to meet people and make a few points that need making, without having to hit them over the head with too many speeches.
Some of my ancestors were religious dissenters who came to America over three hundred years ago. Others were abolitionists in New England in the eighteen forties and fifties.
I still call myself a communist, because communism is no more what Russia made of it than Christianity is what the churches make of it.
I'm still a communist in the sense that I don't believe the world will survive with the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer - I think that the pressures will get so tremendous that the social contract will just come apart.
Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
I live in the country, so I get a fair amount of exercise. We heat our house with wood, so I split wood. We also live on a steep hill, and I have to rake and put in cross-stitches to keep the road from washing out when there's a big rain.
Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't.
One of the things I'm most proud of about my country is the fact that we did lick McCarthyism back in the fifties.
According to my definition of God, I'm not an atheist. Because I think God is everything. Whenever I open my eyes, I'm looking at God. Whenever I'm listening to something, I'm listening to God.
The good and bad are all tangled up together. American popular music is loved around the world because of its African rhythm. But that wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for slavery.
Being generous of spirit is a wonderful way to live.
Songs won't save the planet, but neither will books or speeches.
I think these are very improper questions for any American to be asked, especially under such compulsion as this. I would be very glad to tell you my life if you want to hear of it.
Down through the centuries, this trick has been tried by various establishments throughout the world. They force people to get involved in the kind of examination that has only one aim and that is to stamp out dissent.
I am not going to answer any questions as to my association, my philosophical or religious beliefs or my political beliefs, or how I voted in any election, or any of these private affairs.
If there's something wrong, speak up!
I like to say I'm more conservative than Goldwater. He just wanted to turn the clock back to when there was no income tax.
When you play the 12-string guitar, you spend half your life tuning the instrument and the other half playing it out of tune.
I am saying voluntarily that I have sung for almost every religious group in the country, from Jewish and Catholic, and Presbyterian and Holy Rollers and Revival Churches, and I do this voluntarily.
I believe that my choosing my present course I do no dishonor to them, or to those who may come after me.
Historically, I believe I was correct in refusing to answer their questions.
I fought for peace in the fifties.
I feel that my whole life is a contribution.
