American,Writer
The news media are, for the most part, the bringers of bad news... and it's not entirely the media's fault, bad news gets higher ratings and sells more papers than good news.
Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow.
The road to positivity is strewn with the abandoned vehicles of the faint-hearted.
In reality, serendipity accounts for one percent of the blessings we receive in life, work and love. The other 99 percent is due to our efforts.
If you're not actively involved in getting what you want, you don't really want it.
To the degree we're not living our dreams, our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves.
We can consciously end our life almost anytime we choose. This ability is an endowment, like laughing and blushing, given to no other animal... in any given moment, by not exercising the option of suicide, we are choosing to live.
Definition of a victim: a person to whom life happens.
Guilt is anger directed at ourselves - at what we did or did not do. Resentment is anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do.
Learn to ask for what you want. The worst people can do is not give you what you ask for which is precisely where you were before you asked.
Fear is something to be moved through, not something to be turned from.
To overcome a fear, here's all you have to do: realize the fear is there, and do the action you fear anyway.
I see nothing wrong with the human trait to desire. In fact, I consider it integral to our success mechanism. Becoming attached to what we desire is what causes the trouble. If you must have it in order to be happy, then you are denying the happiness of the here and now.
It's your life. Live it with people who are alive. It tends to be contagious.
The media tends to report rumors, speculations, and projections as facts... How does the media do this? By quoting some 'expert'... you can always find some expert who will say something hopelessly hopeless about anything.
As the world gets dumber and dumber, I feel more and more at home.
We are all, right now, living the life we choose.
Nothing adventured, nothing attained.
Mistakes show us what we need to learn.
Life is not a struggle. It's a wiggle.
Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort.
If you change the belief first, changing the action is easier.
What's more important-your goal, or others' opinions of your goal?
Choosing what you want to do, and when to do it, is an act of creation.
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all.
Our thoughts create our reality - where we put our focus is the direction we tend to go.
