American,Novelist
The bonds of matrimony are like any other bonds - they mature slowly.
Life is a zoo in a jungle.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination. But the combination is locked up in the safe.
Pain is the question mark turned like a fishhook in the human heart.
We are not primarily put on this earth to see through one another, but to see one another through.
The satirist shoots to kill while the humorist brings his prey back alive and eventually releases him again for another chance.
The tuba is certainly the most intestinal of instruments, the very lower bowel of music.
Gluttony is an emotional escape, a sign something is eating us.
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff - it is a palliative rather than a remedy.
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.
A suburban mother's role is to deliver children obstetrically once, and by car forever after.
The difficulty with marriage is that we fall in love with a personality, but must live with a character.
Celibacy is the worst form of self-abuse.
The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums.
The value of marriage is not that adults produce children but that children produce adults.
I love being a writer. What I can't stand is the paperwork.
When I can no longer bear to think of the victims of broken homes, I begin to think of the victims of intact ones.
My father hated radio and could not wait for television to be invented so he could hate that too.
It is the final proof of God's omnipotence that he need not exist in order to save us.
The rich aren't like us, they pay less taxes.
Everybody hates me because I'm so universally liked.
I wanted to be bored to death, as good a way to go as any.
There are times when parenthood seems nothing more than feeding the hand that bites you.
I write when I'm inspired, and I see to it that I'm inspired at nine o'clock every morning.
I was thinking that we all learn by experience, but some of us have to go to summer school.
