American,Businessman
It's good to test yourself and develop your talents and ambitions as fully as you can and achieve greater success; but I think success is the feeling you get from a job well done, and the key thing is to do the work.
The next Bill Gates will not start an operating system. The next Larry Page won't start a search engine. The next Mark Zuckerberg won't start a social network company. If you are copying these people, you are not learning from them.
Technology just means information technology.
I think anything that requires real global breakthroughs requires a degree of intensity and sustained effort that cannot be done part time, so it's something you have to do around the clock, and that doesn't compute with our existing educational system.
All of us have to work toward a definite future... that can motivate and inspire people to change the world.
There's absolutely no bubble in technology.
From my perspective, I think the question of how we build a better future is an extremely important overarching question, and I think it's become obscured from us because we no longer think it's possible to have a meaningful conversation about the future.
The core problem in our society is political correctness.
Whenever I talk to people who founded a company, I often like to ask the prehistory questions 'When did you meet? How long have you been working before you started the company?' A bad answer is, 'We met at a networking event a week ago, and we started a company because we both want to be entrepreneurs.'
Unsolved problems are where you'll find opportunity. Energy is one sector with extremely urgent unsolved problems.
People are spending way too much time thinking about climate change, way too little thinking about AI.
The first question we would ask if aliens landed on this planet is not, 'What does this mean for the economy or jobs?' It would be, 'Are they friendly or unfriendly?'
Properly defined, a startup is the largest group of people you can convince of a plan to build a different future.
In Silicon Valley, I point out that many of the more successful entrepreneurs seem to be suffering from a mild form of Asperger's where it's like you're missing the imitation, socialization gene.
People don't want to believe that technology is broken. Pharmaceuticals, robotics, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology - all these areas where the progress has been a lot more limited than people think. And the question is why.
Is there something about the gay experience, being gay and the gay experience, that pushes us even more than other people toward competition?
When I was starting out, I followed along the path that seemed to be marked out for me - from high school to college to law school to professional life.
I believe, basically, that individual freedom is very important.
When I was a kid, the great debate was about how to defeat the Soviet Union. And we won. Now we are told that the great debate is about who gets to use which bathroom. This is a distraction from our real problems. Who cares?
'Perfect competition' is considered both the ideal and the default state in Economics 101. So-called perfectly competitive markets achieve equilibrium when producer supply meets consumer demand.
You will never build a company on the scale of a Facebook or a Google if you sell it along the way.
Every time you write an email, it is in the public domain. There are all these ways where security is not as good as people believe.
We live in a world in which courage is in less supply than genius.
Seventy percent of the planet is covered with water, and there's so much we can be doing with oceans, and it was one of the frontiers that people have more or less abandoned.
Education is a bubble in a classic sense. To call something a bubble, it must be overpriced, and there must be an intense belief in it.
If you borrowed money and went to a college where the education didn't create any value, that is potentially a really big mistake.
If you have a business idea that's extremely easy to copy, that can often become something of a challenge or problem.
I had a good experience in college, but I don't think interdisciplinary education is something that's stressed very much at all. It's generally considered to be something of a bad idea.
Facebook succeeded because it was about real people having a presence on the Internet. There were all these other social networking sites people had, but they were all about fictional people.
I did not want to write just another business book.
I think what's always important is not to be contrarian for its own sake but to really get at the truth.
I always find myself very distrustful of intense crowd phenomena, and I think those are things that we should always try to question, especially critically.
Great things happen only once.
I do think there is this danger that our society has made its peace with decline. I'd like to jolt them out of their complacency a little bit.
I would like to live longer, and I would like other people to live longer.
I suspect Obama did not know he was recording Angela Merkel's cell phones.
I would not describe myself as a super early adopter of consumer technology.
A diploma is a dunce hat in disguise.
You don't want to just do 'me too' companies that are copying what others are doing.
We protect monopolies with copyright.
What is it about our society where anyone who does not have Asperger's gets talked out of their heterodox ideas?
The future is limitless.
College gives people learning and also takes away future opportunities by loading the next generation down with debt.
An entrepreneur must deal with more uncertainty than a professional with a well-defined role.
If I had known how hard it would be to do something new, particularly in the payments industry, I would never have started PayPal. That's why nobody with long experience in banking had done it. You needed to be naive enough to think that new things could be done.
I spend an awful lot of time just thinking about what is going on in the world and talking to people about that. It's probably one of my default social activities, just getting dinners with friends.
I believe that people are too complacent about technology.
Credentials are critical if you want to do something professional. If you want to become a doctor or lawyer or teacher or professor, there is a credentialing process. But there are a lot of other things where it's not clear they're that important.
You become a great writer by writing.
The most successful businesses have an idea for the future that's very different from the present - and that's not fully valued.
Our society, the dominant culture doesn't like science. It doesn't like technology.
Creating value isn't enough - you also need to capture some of the value you create.
Whereas a competitive firm must sell at the market price, a monopoly owns its market, so it can set its own prices. Since it has no competition, it produces at the quantity and price combination that maximizes its profits.
Investors are always biased to invest in things they themselves understand. So venture capitalists like Uber because they like driving in black town cars. They don't like Airbnb because they like staying in five-star hotels, not sleeping on people's couches.
Airbnb is undervalued.
There have been a lot of critiques of the finance industry's having possibly foisted subprime mortgages on unknowing buyers, and a lot of those kinds of arguments are even more powerful when used against college administrators who are probably in some ways engaged in equally misleading advertising.
When parents have invested enormous amounts of money in their kids' education, to find their kids coming back to live with them - well, that was not what they bargained for.
I think people in Europe are generally pessimistic about the future. They have low expectations; they're not working hard to change things. When you're a slacker with a pessimistic view of the future, you're likely to meet those expectations.
Monopolies are bad and deserve their reputation when things are static and the monopolies function as toll collectors... But I think they're quite positive when they're dynamic and do something new.
A conventional truth can be important - it's essential to learn elementary mathematics, for example - but it won't give you an edge. It's not a secret.
Contrarian thinking doesn't make any sense unless the world still has secrets left to give up.
You can achieve difficult things, but you can't achieve the impossible.
Every correct answer is necessarily a secret: something important and unknown, something hard to do but doable.
When people use the word 'science,' it's often a tell, like in poker, that you're bluffing.
One of my first investments was $100,000 in a Web-based calendar startup - and I lost every dollar.
I don't think success is complicated; if you do something that works, then it's a success.
I worked at a law firm in New York very briefly.
Technologies like PayPal foster competition because they enable people to shift their funds from one jurisdiction to another, and I think that ultimately will lead to a world in which there's less government power and therefore more individual control.
Anti-aging is an extremely under-explored field.
Great investments may look crazy but really may not be.
Most of 'big data' is a fraud because it is really 'dumb data.'
I believe that evolution is a true account of nature, but I think we should try to escape it or transcend it in our society.
I believe if we could enable people to live forever, we should do that. I think this is absolute.
I suspect if people live a lot longer they would be retired for a somewhat longer period of time. Just the financial planning takes on a very different character.
There is a sort of genre of optimistic science fiction that I like, and I don't think there is enough of. One of my favourites is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke, 'The City and the Stars.' It's set in this far future on Earth in this somewhat static society and trying to break out.
The big challenge with Internet financial services has been that it's very difficult to get large numbers of customers to sign up for your service.
My hope is that we're going to end up with a far more tolerant society, where the erosion of privacy, to the extent it erodes, will be offset by increased tolerance.
Every one of today's smartphones has thousands of times more processing power than the computers that guided astronauts to the moon.
The optimism that many felt in the 1960s over labour-saving technology is giving way to a fearful question: 'Will your labour be good for anything in the future? Or will you be replaced by a machine?'
Men and machines are good at different things. People form plans and make decisions in complicated situations. We are less good at making sense of enormous amounts of data. Computers are exactly the opposite: they excel at efficient data processing but struggle to make basic judgments that would be simple for any human.
The best start-ups might be considered slightly less extreme kinds of cults. The biggest difference is that cults tend to be fanatically wrong about something important. People at a successful start-up are fanatically right about something those outside it have missed.
There's no single right place to be an entrepreneur, but certainly there's something about Silicon Valley.
Wall Street is always too biased toward short-term profitability and biased against long-term growth.
I think it's always good for gay people to come out, but it's also understandable why people might choose not to do so.
I'm not a politician. But neither is Donald Trump. He is a builder, and it's time to rebuild America.
When I moved to Cleveland, defense research was laying the foundations for the Internet. The Apollo program was just about to put a man on the moon - and it was Neil Armstrong, from right here in Ohio. The future felt limitless. But today, our government is broken.
Every American has a unique identity. I am proud to be gay. I am proud to be a Republican. But most of all, I am proud to be an American.
