American,Musician
It's a younger generation running the show, and I miss the generation we had in the '70s. They were really very honorable guys, like Neal Bogart and Bill Graham, people who will never be around again.
For me, music is all about emotion and attitude.
We're playing the Superbowl this year, we're opening up before the coins drop.
Cool things happen. Ace's guitar flies through space, goes through a hole, and blows up. I throw drumsticks and they come flying at you.
We're really in control; that's the difference. We were out of control then.
We're much more controlled now. We were kids back then, we each had our own demons. It was insanity.
I'm from Brooklyn. I grew up very poor- seven people, four rooms. My dad had no education.
The magic's back and we're in a time tunnel, feeling like when we were in our 20s back in the 1970s.
There's a lot of smoke being blown at you, but this is no new sport to me; I've been doing it a long time, I'm used to it and I see it coming immediately the minute it gets into our realm.
I deal with guys in their 20s and early 30s who are presidents of companies, who are movie directors.
Three times during the show the drums are lifted over the audience - I go up and out, right, left and back.
What I love about being a member of KISS is that we're the 'John Glenns' of rock - we always have to be the first in anything we do, and I love that.
As busy as I claim to be, I've still got the greatest job in the world.
I finally got a chance to talk to my daughter from my previous marriage. I just got married May 3 to my beautiful wife, but we don't see each other much.
I think money, power, fame changes people a lot.
Musicians play music because you love... I loved to play drums since I was five. It's all I ever wanted to do. Rock stars, or as we call them, posers, guys who want to just look great, dress great. They're not musicians; they're looking for the fame.
I once had money to burn. I'd fly to Barbados for the weekend. I lived in a twenty-two-room mansion and had my pick of four luxury cars.
There's not a day that goes by that I don't bless myself with holy water and then get in my car and rub the medal of the Virgin Mary that she gave me and say a Hail Mary for my mother. And then I kiss her Mass card that's right there on the dashboard.
When 'Destroyer' was first released, we got a strong backlash from our hardcore fans. After six months, the album was dead in the water. The critics didn't think much of it, either.
I find myself evil. I believe in the devil as much as God. You can use either one to get things done.
