American,Businessman
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes... but no plans.
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes.
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes.
The new information technology... Internet and e-mail... have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Innovation is the specific instrument of entrepreneurship. The act that endows resources with a new capacity to create wealth.
Never mind your happiness; do your duty.
Company cultures are like country cultures. Never try to change one. Try, instead, to work with what you've got.
We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't.
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window.
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year. People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year.
My greatest strength as a consultant is to be ignorant and ask a few questions.
The productivity of work is not the responsibility of the worker but of the manager.
The purpose of a business is to create a customer.
