American,Athlete
My closest friends are from my high school days.
I get asked a lot about my legacy. For me, it's being a good teammate, having the respect of my teammates, having the respect of the coaches and players. That's important to me.
Don't ever think, no matter how old you are, that you don't need to be coached.
I think I could describe the perfect quarterback. Take a little piece of everybody. Take John Elway's arm, Dan Marino's release, maybe Troy Aikman's drop-back, Brett Favre's scrambling ability, Joe Montana's two-minute poise and, naturally, my speed.
I committed my life to Christ, and that faith has been most important to me ever since.
I pray every night, sometimes long prayers about a lot of things and a lot of people, but I don't talk about it or brag about it because that's between God and me, and I'm no better than anybody else in God's sight.
Pressure is something you feel when you don't know what the hell you're doing.
You hear about how many fourth quarter comebacks that a guy has and I think it means a guy screwed up in the first three quarters.
If nothing else in life, I want to be true to the things I believe in, and quite simply, to what I'm all about. I know I'd better, because it seems whenever I take a false step or two I feel the consequences.
My high-school coach Tony Reginelli was kind of famous for 'Reggie-isms,' kind of like 'Yogi-isms.' He always said if you want to be a good quarterback, when sprinting left you want to be amphibious and throw left-handed. I told him, 'You mean ambidextrous, coach?'
I'm totally convinced that the end of my football career is just the beginning of something I haven't even discovered yet.
A man's got to know his limitations.
When I was drafted by the Colts, Indianapolis was a basketball and a car racing town, but it didn't take long for the Colts to convert the city and state of Indiana into football evangelists.
I guess, to tell you the truth, I've never had much of a desire to grow facial hair. I think I've managed to play quarterback just fine without a mustache.
You can play pickup basketball, but you can't really re-create football.
Football's been such a part of my life. It's allowed me to meet so many people and do so many things.
Life is not shrinking for me; it's morphing into a whole new world of possibilities.
In my very first NFL game, I completed my first pass to Hall of Fame running back Marshall Faulk.
The finger lick is just a really bad habit - I do it all the time. My wife Ashley is going to kill me if I do it at dinner one more time. I look like an animal about to dig in.
There are other players who were more talented, but there is no one who could out-prepare me.
I am stronger than I was last year. I am throwing the ball better now in May of 2013 than I did in May of 2012 - significantly better. I got better throughout the season.
It goes without saying, winning against a good team in a hostile crowd on the road, it's just an absolutely huge win.
Times change, circumstances change, and that's the reality of playing in the NFL.
I've learned a lot from my mistakes, stumbles, and losses in football.
I've tried to keep myself out of bad situations, and if that means I'm a Goody Two-shoes, so be it.
I understand the seriousness of concussions.
'Grateful' is the word that comes to my mind when thinking of the Denver Broncos.
I'm retiring as a football player from the University of Tennessee who played for the Colts and the Broncos and was very lucky to have played for all of them.
I was truly honored to be a part of that game, to be playing the 50th Super Bowl.
I didn't play organized football until I was in the seventh grade. Up until that point, I only played at recess and in the backyard.
I've never played, on the field, any other position besides quarterback. Never been on a special team. Never been on defense.
I do vote. I have voted ever since I've been eligible to vote.
I was talking to my good friend Kid Rock a while ago, and he told me if I'd send him a helmet, he'd send me an autographed platinum record. I thought that was a pretty sweet swap.
I feel like I've improved at everything I've done every single year - except golf. Golf, I've managed to stay exactly the same.
If any other part of your body has some weakness, you go, 'Well I can probably manage.' But when you're a quarterback, and it's your right hand, you're certainly concerned far as being able to do your job.
I don't believe I throw quite the same as before I was injured.
When you play for 20 years - and really, I never had to miss a game due to injury - that's not just good protection. That's good luck.
The one year the Lord took my greatest physical gift, he gave me the greatest gift you could have in children. So that was a real equalizer. And I would take that trade any day of the week.
Quarterbacks coach, I would do at Tennessee. Head coach? Absolutely not.
I enjoy teaching football.
The word 'embarrassing' is an insulting word, to tell you the truth.
I never thought 'Sodapop Curtis' would announce my retirement. I always thought I would be the one to announce it. I'm a huge fan of the movie, but that caught me way off guard. I can't explain it.
I'll always be a Colt. I always will be. That'll never change.
You certainly miss a lot of things about Indianapolis. I miss a lot of friends in Indy. St. Elmo's. The Slippery Noodle. Amalfi's.
I cherished my time playing high school sports.
I have been tremendously impacted and influenced by my coaches. It's nice to play for people that are going to support you.
I've put a lot of thought into being a leader.
Growing up in New Orleans as Archie Manning's son, I felt like a target, and I've always known that whatever I'd do, people would hear about it. So I've had my guard up, and maybe that's molded my personality.
I don't believe in having a separate workout for quarterbacks. Other players hate that.
You certainly know when you have an opportunity, and you want to take advantage of it. And it's certainly disappointing when you don't.
Over my NFL career, I've had five head coaches who have helped me become better at my craft and have helped me become a better human being: Jim Mora, Tony Dungy, Jim Caldwell, John Fox, Gary Kubiak.
