American,Psychologist
Sometimes you make the right decision, sometimes you make the decision right.
It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else.
Successful weight loss takes programming, not willpower.
At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters is whether you're comfortable with it.
You're only lonely if you're not there for you.
Awareness without action is worthless.
It's hard to see your own face without a mirror.
Eighty percent of all choices are based on fear. Most people don't choose what they want; they choose what they think is safe.
We all have a social mask, right? We put it on, we go out, put our best foot forward, our best image. But behind that social mask is a personal truth, what we really, really believe about who we are and what we're capable of.
You don't need a pack of wild horses to learn how to make a sandwich.
Don't wait until you're in a crisis to come up with a crisis plan.
I'm embarrassed every time I look a teacher in the eye, because we ask them to do so much for so little.
If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure.
There's a big difference between falling in love and being in love. There's a big difference between infatuation and falling in love.
You have got to decide, look, this is who I am; this is my best way to present myself, and I'm going to ride that horse to the finish line. Not everybody will like it, but that's OK.
My dad used to say, 'You wouldn't worry so much about what people thought about you if you knew how seldom they did.
I don't substitute anybody else's judgment for my own.
The most you get is what you ask for.
Do you realize that you can't play the game of life with sweaty palms?
Not everybody is some kind of media model.
I just am not good at math.
Relationships are negotiated and if you deal with ultimatums and authority all the time, then you're not going to get anywhere.
Oh, everybody wears a mask. We all put our best foot forward. We all try and make a statement, I'm not saying that's bad.
When you get married, your loyalty, first and foremost, is to your spouse, and to the family that you create together.
You need to listen to your body because your body is listening to you.
If your neighbor has a completely different view on abortion, gay marriage, stem cell research, all of those things, you still are both Americans. Neither one of you is necessarily more patriotic than the other. Neither loves their country any more than the other one does.
I'm one of those that believes you can't be one kind of a man and another kind of president.
There are some sick people in this world.
I think you're running into a lot of trouble if your idea of foreplay is, 'Brace yourself honey, here I come!'
A year from now, you're gonna weigh more or less than what you do right now.
If I was on the air and was just kind of a plain-vanilla personality that took the safe road and the safe way trying to please all of the people all of the time, I'd been gone in two weeks.
I grew up in athletics, where people keep score.
There is nothing wrong with your marriage if you're dealing with bills and kids and the broken garbage disposal and in-laws and work demands. That's a normal marriage.
I think I've got the best staff in television.
Parents need to dial in and know what their kids are doing.
I have some wonderful friends from the Mideast that are as red, white and blue as anybody you know, that have been harassed, and I think it's a terrible, terrible thing.
God is a loving god.
I mean, look, teachers don't do their job for the money, obviously, because we pay them ridiculously little amounts for what they put in. Most of them come out of their own pocket for materials and things to help the children and all that.
Now, my body fat runs around 18 percent, which is normal and, you know, kind of in the middle of normal, actually.
What I want people to do is what's healthy for them.
I mean, I'm very, very competitive.
Well, I'm not sure what pop psychology is, but I don't like it.
A lot of people do have tragic childhoods. But you know what? Get over it.
I'm not a politician.
You know, what we do know is that there is a high frequency of violence in the home of those who bully.
I don't care how pumped up or psyched you are to start a new diet or a new program - that emotion will fade.
