American,Clergyman
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.
Forgive, forget. Bear with the faults of others as you would have them bear with yours.
The true way to be humble is not to stoop until you are smaller than yourself, but to stand at your real height against some higher nature that will show you what the real smallness of your greatness is.
I do not pray for a lighter load, but for a stronger back.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.
No man or woman can be strong, gentle, pure, and good, without the world being better for it and without someone being helped and comforted by the very existence of that goodness.
Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers. Pray for powers equal to your tasks.
Sad will be the day for any man when he becomes contented with the thoughts he is thinking and the deeds he is doing - where there is not forever beating at the doors of his soul some great desire to do something larger; which he knows he was meant and made to do.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men!
To say, 'well done' to any bit of good work is to take hold of the powers which have made the effort and strengthen them beyond our knowledge.
It does not take great men to do great things; it only takes consecrated men.
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it.
Be such a man, and live such a life, that if every man were such as you, and every life a life like yours, this earth would be God's Paradise.
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.
The earth has grown old with its burden of care, but at Christmas it always is young, the heart of the jewel burns lustrous and fair, and its soul full of music breaks the air, when the song of angels is sung.
As you emphasize your life, you must localize and define it... you cannot do everything.
A man who lives right, and is right, has more power in his silence than another has by his words.
Jesus Christ, the condescension of divinity, and the exaltation of humanity.
It is while you are patiently toiling at the little tasks of life that the meaning and shape of the great whole of life dawn on you.
Life comes before literature, as the material always comes before the work. The hills are full of marble before the world blooms with statues.
Christianity helps us face the music even when we don't like the tune.
Bear with the faults of others as you would have them bear with yours.
A prayer in its simplest definition is merely a wish turned Godward.
Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there.
The truest help we can render an afflicted man is not to take his burden from him, but to call out his best energy, that he may be able to bear the burden.
