American,Comedian
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Aim high, and you won't shoot your foot off.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing.
Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance?
Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual.
You know you're old when someone compliments you on your alligator shoes, and you're barefoot.
I'm eighteen years behind in my ironing.
I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.
Burt Reynolds once asked me out. I was in his room.
I've been asked to say a couple of words about my husband, Fang. How about short and cheap?
My cooking is so bad my kids thought Thanksgiving was to commemorate Pearl Harbor.
What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day.
The only time I ever enjoyed ironing was the day I accidentally got gin in the steam iron.
We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up.
I buried a lot of my ironing in the back yard.
I wanted to become me, totally me. The more me, the better. I instinctively knew this and I was right.
Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.
There's so little money in my bank account, my scenic checks show a ghetto.
Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out.
My photographs don't do me justice - they just look like me.
A bachelor is a guy who never made the same mistake once.
You know you're old if they have discontinued your blood type.
It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.
My mother-in-law had a pain beneath her left breast. Turned out to be a trick knee.
The last thing I'd learn, well into my career, was how to get on, how to say hello, how to get in with the audience.
