American,Musician
When you have a dark side, nothing is ever as good as it seems.
I know my strong points: I work hard, I have talent, I'm funny, and I'm a good person.
Once you figure out what respect tastes like, it tastes better than attention. But you have to get there.
You can't move mountains by whispering at them.
My mom has always wished me a daughter just like me.
I decided at 15 that I didn't want to be one of those artists that gets up and sings love songs they don't mean. I decided that I was going to be me to the fullest extent, that my songs were going to reflect relationships I've had, things I've been through, and even the stuff I'm embarrassed about.
People are always so surprised when they meet me. Firstly, that I'm 'so tiny', and secondly that I'm 'so sweet'. They seem surprised that they're not scared of me.
Women have fought so long and hard for our rights and equality, and now all our attention is put on being a size 0.
I've always felt like the underdog, and I'm comfortable with that label.
My dad raised me with some good advice: 'Always tell the truth. Always shoot from the hip. You might not have many friends, but you'll never have enemies, because people will always know where you're coming from.'
My parents divorced, and I didn't have much of a daddy growing up.
Consumerism diverts us from thinking about women's rights, it stops us from thinking about Iraq, it stops us from thinking about what's going on in Africa - it stops us from thinking in general.
The willow is my favorite tree. I grew up near one. It's the most flexible tree in nature and nothing can break it - no wind, no elements, it can bend and withstand anything.
I think you learn more about yourself in the context of a relationship than you can outside of it.
Sometimes I wish I was poetic and subtle. I write very bold and blunt and tell it like it is.
I like feeling strong. It keeps my mental floor higher.
Cutting, and suicide, two very different symptoms of the same problem, are gaining on us. I personally don't know a single person who doesn't know at least two of these victims personally.
I read all the time. I love it. My fantasy would be to be locked into a library. I'd be very, very happy.
I was extreme... from skateboarder to hip-hopper to rave child to lead singer of a rock band - I did it all, and all at the same time.
I love the shows that are in dingy little dark clubs, smoky, no production whatsoever.
Pink is what I do. Alecia is who I am. The world has taken Pink and turned it into this thing, a brand - a snarl.
Every album, I'm worried that I'm a dork and a fraud - 'What if I can't sing anymore?' Then I stop thinking and start playing guitar, and I realize that it's okay to suck, and move forward.
For me, there is only love and fear.
The aggressive side of me comes across in my music, but I'm just a sweet girl.
I'm such a control freak, and it's very hard for me to lose my inhibitions without something chemical inside me.
I'm kind of psychotic and I like to talk about things. I'm a Virgo, too, so I like to analyze and overprocess.
I have to speak for myself. As far as videos go - casting, the artwork, everything - I'm completely hands-on. You have to be if you want your points across.
I have never really encountered anybody that was rude to me. Well, not to my face anyway.
Sage is cleansing and sacred.
My favorite books, art pieces, films, and music, always have something jarring about them.
I want art to make me think. In order to do that, it may piss me off, or make me uncomfortable. That promotes awareness and change, or at least some discussion.
I'm never the kind of person who's sitting at home reading the charts and basing how I feel about myself or even my career on stats. I've always based it on, 'Am I doing the best that I can do?'
I've been asked to do 'American Idol' and 'X Factor.' I'm an Ed McMahon kind of girl. 'Star Search?' I'm in, all day long. It felt more authentic, and the market wasn't oversaturated with karaoke contests.
I have no idea why anyone likes me! I am very polarizing. It's either absolutely love or absolutely can't-be-around-for-more-than-three-seconds.
Big productions, to me, are great - like, I love going to Vegas and seeing shows - but I think that sometimes it's distracting, especially when you are there to listen to the music.
My stage show is raw and unpredictable.
Having a child is the best thing that could happen.
There's something about breaking up with someone - you just look hotter than you ever did before.
Beautiful has never been my goal.
I live in America. I love being an American.
I was a very defensive kid 'cause I was really sensitive underneath and didn't want people to know. So I came off as very tough and very angry.
I always wrote poetry as a teenager and it was always so dark, but it made me feel good to get it out.
I wanted to do it my way with my career, and I had this arrogant notion that people weren't just interested in my music but me as a person. That was my bit of arrogance, I guess. That's something I learned from Madonna. I was a fan right from the first time I heard 'Holiday.'
Record companies, I found out, can put out compilations without your permission.
In the late '90s, R&B was dominant in the radio, and the white kids were taking it mainstream.
I don't like working with hitmakers. I don't want hits! You're not even allowed to say that word around me.
I'm very much in the trenches, and I don't live in the lap of luxury. I come from a working-class military family. We watch the news and read the paper and vote, so there's always something to be upset about. I always have a certain amount of angst in my back pocket.
I was brought up to question authority, and thank God for that.
The whole 'sell out' word to me is such a tired, tired word.
I feel like I 'get' boys. I've always been a boy's girl. Boys are easy; they just break stuff.
