American,Actress
There's no changing your mind about whom you love. That's part of the tough thing about being in love - it's sort of undeniable.
I really like to just jump in a truck with your backpack and just drive and go somewhere.
I don't know how you get dressed if you live in Wales, because it's pouring rain and then it's hot sunshine, and then it might hail. It's just so confusing.
It takes a lot of guts to get up on top of a bar and dance.
I think that you love who you love, and there are people who you love that people aren't going to understand why, and that sort of doesn't really matter.
Let me tell you who I am: I'm a girl from New Jersey who moved to New York and worked in a bar while trying to make a living at what I really wanted to do, which was act.
It was so much fun to play, that I've now had a taste for it and want to play more villains now.
But at school, I wasn't athletic, and if you're not athlete in high school, it's kind of hard to find your place, so play practice seemed perfect, especially if you were as uncoordinated as I was.
I live not too far from it in New York City.
I was bookish and dorky in high school, so the best part of this movie was getting to be on the other side.
I was never the girl who walked down the centre of the hallway snapping people out of her way.
In Texas it's always hot, dry, sunny, not a cloud in the sky.
In Wales, it's eight different weathers in a day.
So I started to learn guitar right away.
I had just done what she does in the story just about a year earlier - I moved from New Jersey and came to New York and was working at a bar, and you know, trying to make it.
So it was just funny to read a script that was just similar to what had been going on in my life.
I went to college in Ohio, at Ohio University, and I graduated two years ago.
I can only pay my electric bill for my last two years on my acting.
I mean, its hard to be an actor in the city - trying to make it as an actor - because you waitress all night, you get home really late and you're super tired and your feet hurt.
I got lost a lot, and I was a really bad waitress... I got lost on the subway.
She tries to get a waitressing job for a while - I mean, she's looking for a while before she finds Coyote Ugly - and it's hard to get a waitressing job in the city.
There are a lot of people who wait tables. And especially because you can do it at night and you can do your work in the day, she and I had a very similar experience.
It's like a blind turn on a highway: You can't see what's coming, so you don't really know how to prepare.
I've never been one for sitting on beaches.
What I'd really like to do is do a film or two a year and then do theater in New York the rest of the year.
Nobody got Punk'd and he was still in his season for that show when we were filming. So the kids were very aware that it was filming and that was his show and they were very much on the lookout for that.
