American,Musician
If you continue to work hard, let that be the fuel to your fire.
I'm no longer an artist, I'm a business partner.
I'm taking all the negatives in my life, and turning them into a positive.
I won't perform in Cuba until there's no more Castro and there's a free Cuba. To me, Cuba's the biggest prison in the world, and I would be very hypocritical were I to perform there.
I already had three strikes against me. One, I have light skin. Two, I'm from Miami, which wasn't getting looked at at the time. Three, I'm Cuban. But now, I've made everything that stacked against me into a virtue.
I look at this game from a different perspective.
This industry is 90 percent business, 10 percent talent.
I grew up around salsa, merengue, bachata, bass music, freestyle, hip-hop, techno, house, rave.
Music is my hustle.
I'm here to entertain.
I work hard. But I play hard, too.
My owner is life and that's what I fight for.
It's all about music, because music is basically what's... been my avenue out of maybe being involved in things I shouldn't be.
My kids can't eat awards.
I don't agree when the USA, that lives by a constitution, says, OK, just because you look this way, we're going to ask you for your documentation, or you gotta go back to your country.
With all the negativity going on in the world right now, people need an escape. When you give them a hit record or a great record, it allows them to escape for at least three to four minutes. They're not thinking bills or economy or immigration or war when you create that kind of ambiance.
You can't get much whiter than me.
I like to keep my money at the end of the day.
In any country when you throw something in somebody's face, it's disrespectful.
I make music with no boundaries.
One night I'll be in Los Angeles and it'll be a Latin crowd, and then another night I'll go to Fresno and it'll be an all-black crowd. To me, that's the beauty of the music.
I'm taking a lot of freestyle music and flipping it.
I'm in the major league now.
Any time I see anything moving onstage, I'm cautious about it.
I think of fans like a barbershop. I want that debate.
Look, Pitbull is a product.
