American,Inventor
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims.
Those who play with the devil's toys will be brought by degrees to wield his sword.
We are not going to be able to operate our Spaceship Earth successfully nor for much longer unless we see it as a whole spaceship and our fate as common. It has to be everybody or nobody.
When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
Ninety-nine percent of who you are is invisible and untouchable.
Pollution is nothing but the resources we are not harvesting. We allow them to disperse because we've been ignorant of their value.
One in ten thousand of us can make a technological breakthrough capable of supporting all the rest. The youth of today are absolutely right in recognizing this nonsense of earning a wage.
Now there is one outstandingly important fact regarding Spaceship Earth, and that is that no instruction book came with it.
Everyone is born a genius, but the process of living de-geniuses them.
I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented.
My ideas have undergone a process of emergence by emergency. When they are needed badly enough, they are accepted.
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist.
If humanity does not opt for integrity we are through completely. It is absolutely touch and go. Each one of us could make the difference.
Either war is obsolete, or men are.
The most important thing about Spaceship Earth - an instruction book didn't come with it.
Love is metaphysical gravity.
How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else.
Great nations are simply the operating fronts of behind-the-scenes, vastly ambitious individuals who had become so effectively powerful because of their ability to remain invisible while operating behind the national scenery.
Don't fight forces, use them.
What usually happens in the educational process is that the faculties are dulled, overloaded, stuffed and paralyzed so that by the time most people are mature they have lost their innate capabilities.
I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself.
You can never learn less, you can only learn more.
Sometimes I think we're alone. Sometimes I think we're not. In either case, the thought is staggering.
