American,Actress
There's nothing as exciting as a comeback - seeing someone with dreams, watching them fail, and then getting a second chance.
People going into the cities for the opportunities and the towns are getting older, no young people.
I think baseball - the baseball genre - is this mitt, to use a double pun there, to catch a whole bunch of themes.
I found it an interesting portrait of a marriage in exploring notions of how one partner supports the other, whilst not jeopardizing the greater good - which is the family.
I think family movies have gotten so rich in this country.
You know Texas is - even more now that Enron has bit the dust - it's held up on the back of small businesses.
And I grew up watching all the British ones so when you hear that from an early age, it makes it much easier than you guys who don't grow up with Australian television or British television.
I'm pretty ruthless about that; I think when you sign over your story, you sign over your story.
The filmmaker's got to make it his story and the actors have got to make it their story.
But just playing the partner of someone famous, I had a lot more freedom.
I grew up on cricket and I think Australian kids are getting so Americanized, you know?
We've got our football where no one wears anything and the guys are in little shorts and they beat the crap out of each other, and they can catch it and they can kick it, and it's the only place it's played in the world.
A Golden Globe is a mood-altering substance, there's no doubt about that.
It was a lovely opportunity for the first time in my whole career to stand up and thank people who are really responsible for me getting to realize my dreams.
I'm developing some screenplays at the moment with my Australian producer.
I just don't see where I could possibly fit in directing a feature.
Why movies are so powerful is because you are right in there and you stay in there until they want you to come out, and then you've really gone somewhere.
I'm quite intuitive about what I pick. Often it's to do with what I've just done and how I'm feeling.
I think a big part of our attraction to sport movies are the stories contained within the sports.
We grew up as kids watching those movies and we were exposed to themes of civil rights, unfairness, bigotry and fathers struggling against the kind of mob of the town, so you remember how you felt as a kid being taken seriously, that you are part of the human drama.
I'm so motivated to collaborate with people and help them realize the kind of collective vision.
