American,Celebrity
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
He who frames the question wins the debate.
In a world without the law of God, you have chaos, oppression, tyranny, and everyone doing what is right in their own eyes.
Behaviors are a choice. Feelings are sometimes out of our control. Behavior has to do with choices.
I have to believe that people can change, otherwise I deny the Gospel, and I will not do that.
We want every human being in the womb to be safe, not have these babies be killed to solve some dilemma.
Once you depart from the Ten Commandments as being the foundation of right and wrong, you are in a free fall.
If someone doesn't know their Old Testament, they don't know right doctrine, right correction, and they can't be equipped for good works.
America should function as a Christian nation.
If it squares with the Scripture, then let's go. If it's in conflict with the Scripture, then it's heresy.
You don't know how to love God and your neighbor unless you look to the law to define it.
George Washington understood that the Bible is the place where God's records of right and wrong are kept.
The Law of God in the Christian religion is the schoolmaster that leads us to Christ.
The enemies of the Christian religion and the Law of God confuse law with faith.
We are saved by grace, not by the works of the law. But don't be so quick to write the law off.
Homosexuals reject the process of healing because it's too painful and time-consuming.
I believe that Clinton is the most wicked and vile President that this nation has ever had.
A Christianity that is in conflict with the Scriptures isn't Christianity at all.
It's the Law of God that gave the stability to Christian civilization.
Christians take Scriptures out of context to try to justify or to vindicate retreat and cowardice.
So many Christian leaders have been so tepid or downright silent on the advance of the homosexual agenda.
How long before we have, not just homosexual marriage, but homosexual unions between adult men and small boys?
The Law of God reaches into every area of life, and it brings about incredible blessing and incredible freedom.
It's come to the point where you have people saying it's our Christian duty to embrace the homosexual movement. This is absurd.
It's kind of fun to listen to Christians who say: I'm a New Testament Christian. What other kind of Christian is there?
If we don't believe in moral absolutes and then we get into a cultural-political debate, how are we going to win?
