American,Actress
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
I know that in life there will be sickness, devastation, disappointments, heartache - it's a given. What's not a given is the way you choose to get through it all. If you look hard enough, you can always find the bright side.
My first love, I'll never forget, and it's such a big part of who I am, and in so many ways, we could never be together, but that doesn't mean that it's not forever. Because it is forever.
My mother and I are more than best friends; we are partners in crime. After she and my father, Quincy Jones, separated when I was 10 years old, my sister, Kidada, who was 12, went to live with our dad, and I stayed with my mother.
In my twenties I would be skeptical of a bad haircut, but once you turn thirty it's more about whether he a nice person and does he open the door for me. Once you turn thirty-five, it's more about would he make a good father. And even if you're just liking somebody and digging on someone, I think you can't help but think in those terms.
Chemotherapy is brutal. The goal is pretty much to kill everything in your body without killing you.
I would be an idiot to say comedy is easy, but it does come naturally. It never feels forced.
I am generally cast as the dependable, affable, loving, friend-wife-girlfriend.
Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls.
I feel like there is this weird thing where celebrity involvement in political campaigns kind of goes together like peanut butter and chocolate. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad.
I think part of being an adult is leaving the fairytale behind.
Timing is everything with relationships.
Well, dating has become a sport and not about finding the person you love.
Control the public's perception of you and nobody will care if you have any talent.
Just because a situation is grim doesn't mean you don't have every right to smile.
I am definitively qualitative about work.
I think every girl has that a guy she has trouble letting go of.
I know what it's like to have my heart broken. It is not adorable.
Geeks are finally having their day.
Sure, being good at your job is really important, but in acting, so much of the decision's already made the minute you walk in the room because they're like, 'His hair's good or she's got the right skin color' or whatever. It's so random, but it's so physically oriented.
I can be pretty persuasive if I believe in something strongly enough.
As much as my parents are part of Hollywood, I have no recollection of them giving me advice about it.
I have a father who came from nothing and conquered the world. The last thing I'm going to do is sit here and spend his money and try to look pretty. That's not interesting to me at all.
I've always dreamt of having some sort of undercover job. I think it's probably the coolest thing in the world, but ultimately a very lonely life.
In high school, I was on the youth advisory council for the Mayor's Office of Los Angeles, and that was kind of my first experience in the bureaucratic system. We tried to get things done, and nobody was really interested in getting anything done.
I don't think any other emotion is the equivalent of laughter. So I do whatever I can to laugh all the time and to hide my pain.
I don't think that there's been one example in history where somebody has openly talked about their personal life and it's done them any good.
Comedy is like music, and the way to make the best music is to have skilled musicians in your band.
I love being part of an ensemble.
I have a lot of girl friends who are very adept at making friends, and guys are just not.
If I can surround myself with hilarious people every day, I will always want to go to work.
I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know.
I probably wouldn't be acting if I didn't grow up in Hollywood.
A question I get asked a lot is 'What is it like to play the straight guy all the time?' And I'm totally okay with it.
My pet peeve and my goal in life is to somehow get an adjective for 'integrity' in the dictionary. 'Truthful' doesn't really cover it, or 'genuine.' It should be like 'integritus.'
Women have been interesting forever.
I think there's just an inherent burden of being alive and being a woman. No man would ever admit that, but I think women know it, which is: You know more than men, you know more than most people you're dealing with every day, and you know that's it up to you to make things move forward, and you get paid half as much, but you just do it.
Good rom-coms have some reflection of the way things are, the sign of the times.
I have to say, you know, I've seen so many people go through the cycle and become famous and not famous anymore and, you know, want - have their priorities change and want different things.
You know, I definitely have an inclination to work in the public sector.
I totally believe in romance and love and all that.
I love going to weddings.
Auditioning is the worst.
I had a nickname in junior high, and I'm loathe to say this: 'potato lady.'
In elementary and high school, I never considered acting as a profession.
I have a lot of skepticism about marriage and monogamy.
Marriage feels like an industry with catering and really expensive bands.
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.
I can fall asleep anywhere.
I tend to leave the house without makeup all the time. I'm kind of lazy that way.
In college, I had a lot of friends who were writers and wanted to be writers and I felt intimidated by it. I just didn't know if I had any gift or voice and I had no confidence about it.
I think you make mistakes, especially in your twenties, where you date guys you wouldn't even be friends with - ever.
I want a baby and I want a family, for sure.
You know, I grew up on romantic comedies, and it's hard to find a new way to tell that story.
I know my mom said as early as she can remember letting me watch TV, my one treat a week when I was like 6 was to stay up and watch 'Saturday Night Live.'
It's such a fortunate life, if you can work as an actor.
I took a Groundlings class in my 20s, and I was terrible. They didn't even pass me to the next level.
I don't like expectations.
For the most part, there's so much of me in my characters.
I'm generally a pretty friendly person.
It's very challenging to learn something new as an adult.
Streaking through a large crowd has always been a secret fantasy of mine.
My activities tend to revolve around crossword puzzles, reading and playing piano and games with my friends.
For the most part, having more money and more fame make your life harder. It just does. I've seen it happen with people. You know, it's so hard to stay normal. It's so hard to stay happy. It's hard to remember why you were doing what you did in the first place.
People are not enjoying life because they're trying to be something or brand themselves.
People still go to Comic-Con because they love comics.
I remember being a kid and seeing the 'National Inquirer' at the grocery store checkout line. When somebody actually picked up a copy, it was mortifying. You felt dirty for them. But now it's perfectly acceptable to read something like that. There's absolutely no taboo surrounding that kind of exploitation.
I find it scary to sing - scarier than acting actually.
I think that women are powerful and they're multifaceted and they're survivors; they don't have to depend on a man to do the things they needed them to do, whether it was hunting or lifting heavy things, so what's a man's place now? Who knows!
I kind of understand now why people freak out when they see celebrities that they love, because that's how I feel about every single Muppet.
I don't want to be an artist, go on tour and make a video and wear sexy clothes. I would just love to make music.
I really like the relaxed glamour of the '70s.
To me, it's really easy to feel glamorous and beautiful with red lips. It's great because you don't have to do anything else. I don't have to do anything to my face. I can have cleanly washed hair and if I just put on like a matte red lip, it just makes everything seem special.
It's downright undignified how many blazers I've bought over the years. And will continue to buy. They immediately give shape and add authority. With the perfect blazer, anything is possible.
I'm terrified of performing live.
I have no issues with my identity.
Music breaks my heart constantly.
Mom is the most unconditionally loving person I will ever know, and she has always supported me on every level.
In 2002 Mom and I got a chance to act together in a play called 'Pitching to the Star,' with her brother, Robert Lipton. The three of us on the same stage - that was such a special experience for me.
