American,Businessman
Stone Age. Bronze Age. Iron Age. We define entire epics of humanity by the technology they use.
If the Starbucks secret is a smile when you get your latte... ours is that the Web site adapts to the individual's taste.
Most entrepreneurial ideas will sound crazy, stupid and uneconomic, and then they'll turn out to be right.
On the Internet you get continuous innovation, so every year the streams are a little better.
In fact, technology has been the story of human progress from as long back as we know. In 100 years people will look back on now and say, 'That was the Internet Age.' And computers will be seen as a mere ingredient to the Internet Age.
Our brand at Netflix is really focused on movies and TV shows.
I hate the photo shoots. I hate all that stuff.
There is a revolution happening, and within two years I think that Wi-Fi and Netflix will be built into all the televisions.
I founded Netflix. I've built it steadily over 12 years now, first with DVD becoming profitable in 2002, a head-to-head ferocious battle with Blockbuster and evolving the company toward streaming.
But as an entrepreneur you have to feel like you can jump out of an aeroplane because you're confident that you'll catch a bird flying by. It's an act of stupidity, and most entrepreneurs go splat because the bird doesn't come by, but a few times it does.
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.
Broadcast TV is like the landline of 20 years ago.
Comparing Apple to Netflix is like comparing apples to oranges, especially if the oranges made so many mistakes that people stopped eating oranges and just went back to Blockbuster.
In 20 years from now we will all be able to click and watch TV.
Well, we're about 24 million subscribers today, and that's up from about 15 million a year ago, so it's a very high rate of growth, and that's what's exciting about the business - more and more people are getting smart TVs, they're watching Netflix on their iPads.
I think there will be 20 years of evolution from linear broadcast to internet television.
Fibre optic is becoming like electricity. If you look at how electricity spread around the globe 100 years ago, that's what's happening now.
We are seeing the beginning of things. Web 2.0 is broadband. Web 3.0 is 10 gigabits a second.
In the U.S., HBO is a very aggressive service.
I don't know of any Internet service that opens on a regional basis.
I watch mostly independent films.
I'm an HBO subscriber, and I watch a bunch of great shows on HBO.
I've worked very hard, but my life's always been fun.
We have a very wide range of content, but the brand-newest movies, what's happening with those is a $30 pay-per-view option - not from Netflix but from DirecTV and others - of movies that are in the theater.
So much of the downstream revenue is linked to that initial excitement, to how much revenue is produced in the domestic box office. For example, what we pay for a film three years later is highly correlated to how well it did in the box office.
The Costa Rican government is prioritizing laying fiber optic over paving roads. Costa Rica is trying to become one of the Internet societies. This is happening throughout the world.
