American,Actress
Everybody needs love. Everyone deserves it.
I don't know what I would have done so many times in my life if I hadn't had my girlfriends.
Lord knows, every day is not a success, every year is not a success. You have to celebrate the good.
I don't believe in perfection. I don't think there is such a thing. But the energy of wanting things to be great is a perfectionist energy.
There are things in my life that are hard to reconcile, like divorce. Sometimes it is very difficult to make sense of how it could possibly happen. Laying blame is so easy. I don't have time for hate or negativity in my life. There's no room for it.
But with the right kind of coaching and determination you can accomplish anything and the biggest accomplishment that I feel I got from the film was overcoming that fear.
That said, my kids are at home right now with my husband and I'm missing something important at my daughter's school which makes me feel sick inside. It's a lot of balance and a lot of really hard decision making.
Being a Southern person and a blonde, it's not a good combination. Immediately, when people meet you, they think of you as not being smart.
When a police officer tells you to stay in the car, you stay in the car.
I get crazy in a bookstore. It makes my heart beat hard because I want to buy everything.
I would love to have more kids. Kids are the best part of my day. I don't wake up to make movies. I wake up to hang out with my family.
I love to cook comfort food. I'll make fish and vegetables or meat and vegetables and potatoes or rice. The ritual of it is fun for me, and the creativity of it.
I had someone correct my grammar once on a blind date, and within the first 10 minutes the date was over. You just don't correct somebody's grammar. That's just not okay. I'm from Tennessee, so I probably say everything wrong. I might have said 'ain't,' or something like that.
I had parents who believed I could do anything - and I know how that made me feel. I think both my parents, having careers in the medical profession, feel they are helping people on a daily basis, and that was inculcated in me as a value. I had to struggle with giving up the idea of becoming a doctor myself.
There's no bad consequence to loving fully, with all your heart. You always gain by giving love.
The joy we get as actors is out of transforming ourselves into something that's not necessarily anything true to ourselves. And it's a power - not being yourself, and being in the role; it's just like another prop.
Many people worry so much about managing their careers, but rarely spend half that much energy managing their LIVES. I want to make my life, not just my job, the best it can be. The rest will work itself out.
But listen, I'm 29-years-old, I'm really lucky to be there and whatever happens I've been really blessed already. I have plenty of awards for this movie and if this was it for me I'd be really content.
Confidence is everything in this business.
Even people that know Johnny Cash's music really well and know that he was married don't really know that much about June Carter. So finding out about her really helped to inform my performance and to bring her to the front in a way that she has never been before.
For our first date, I made Ryan Hamburger Helper, which is basically what I grew up on. I make my own version of it now, with macaroni and cheese and hamburger meat. And the kids - it's their favorite dinner.
I feel very blessed to have two wonderful, healthy children who keep me completely grounded, sane and throw up on my shoes just before I go to an awards show just so I know to keep it real.
I got a role in this movie called Freeway playing this really angry, aggressive, violent young woman who believed wholeheartedly in the truth. I had such satisfaction afterward, and I thought, That's what I want to do.
I read while the kids play. I can see them from the kitchen window. And I'm a fast reader.
I started working on trying to sound like June from the very beginning.
I take the kids to church and Sunday school. They love it. I really think it's important for a child to feel that there are things that are bigger than your life out there.
My ex-husband is very involved in raising our beautiful children. We're very lucky because we both grew up in working families in middle America. We're on the same page that way.
I literally think I look bad in every picture.
I love to sing around the house and in the car, but my daughter hates it.
Realizing you're not anything special to the kids is always a great sort of reminder that you're just a regular person. A regular, embarrassing old mom.
