American,Musician
Well, any time I'm preparing for a performance or even a rehearsal, it's as if in a way, like any other athletes, these are muscles that support the vocal cords which are just I believe cartilage. It demands a kind of constant warming up and a constant feeling of where is the voice today.
I'm reserved, so I've always needed to find a way of opening up. Jazz helped me do that.
I have a certain image that's more classic, and I'm happy to stay out of the fray.
With classical singing you have to put out so much air - you project, you emit force.
I think opera has gained a kind of glamorous appeal. It's a live performance that aligns all of the arts, and when it is represented in the media, in film in particular, it is presented as something that is really a special event, whether it's a great date or something that's just hugely romantic.
I'm American. I'm eclectic. I'm going to follow my musical passions. And if people don't like it, and it hurts my legacy, I'm not going to worry about that.
I was always a very good student.
Everybody's a work in progress. I'm a work in progress. I mean, I've never arrived... I'm still learning all the time.
Learning operatic roles is ongoing, and I find that I can learn on the train or subway, during a manicure, getting my hair done, and even while driving if I only look at the score at red lights.
My parents discussed singing every night over the dinner table; I had a tremendous music education.
I don't want to be somebody who stands still and sings pretty. Each song is a world. Each song is a story. I don't achieve nearly what I want.
I want to keep my voice young, with nothing heavy.
No voice teacher can be all things to all people. You have to gain information from whatever sources you can. You have to listen.
I listen to archival and historic recordings. I love watching singers. I learned a lot from watching videos.
For a while it was hard for me to say no to work.
I enjoy the more floaty, exposed, elegant singing.
I don't like to sing loud.
My mother was the worst kind of stage mother. She would make me and my younger sister and brother little duckling costumes and put us in kiddie shows.
I'm not a reactionary.
I would love to do more private concerts.
For years, I had no time for exploratory travel.
I do everything in the third person. Performance is about being someone else.
At this stage in my career, I don't have to take any big risks. You want to take a calculated risk, not one that leads to people saying 'yes, but there was that one time when she made that big mistake.' It's always a shame when that happens, especially if you've gotten by for decades without anything hugely tragic.
I learned so many roles so quickly as a young singer, I thought it was time to come back to them and make them better - deeper, more nuanced.
I am so envious of my colleagues from 100 years ago who only sang new works, they hardly ever sang revivals.
Every singer eventually gets around to a Christmas disc.
I think singing it when it's done well is extremely natural. It feels great.
I think singing is one of the most natural things that human beings do, but it's difficult.
I have not changed with the accomplishments. I've remained the same. If I had changed, great. You know, but I haven't.
