American,Celebrity
I'm Ric Flair! The Stylin', profilin', limousine riding, jet flying, kiss-stealing, wheelin' n' dealin' son of a gun!
Without your health, you've got nothing going on. I thank God every day for good health.
Space Mountain may be the oldest ride in the park, but it has the longest line.
In order to be the man, you have to beat the man.
All the women want to be with me, all the men want to be like me.
I was really good at being a bad guy; I like that role. Not being bad to people - just talking bad.
When somebody has convinced you that you're not worth anything to anybody anymore, and they spend a lot of time doing it, you start believing it yourself.
If you have notoriety, you can dress any way you want to dress. That's the way it is. I just like to get dressed up. I think that they go hand in hand - notoriety and people lookin at ya. If they look at ya, either you look like a million dollars, or you don't. A guy can have a phenomenal body, but if the suit doesn't fit him, forget it.
I spent more money on one robe than guys spend in five years.
I'm every woman's dream and every man's nightmare.
If you don't like it, learn to love it!
You gotta have a pocket square, I think.
For me, it's about camaraderie. My whole life is like, if something's going on, nothing ever preceded fun. I always put my friends and the fun and the business ahead of everything.
I tell everyone in the world that I have always been the best father I could be and that I was the worst husband. Wooo!
I can take more punishment than anyone in the business.
None of this was written to hurt anybody's feelings.
My problem is that I think everybody needs to work as hard as I worked when I was in my prime.
It's much more casual than it was, but my clothes and my ring attire - I thought up half of what I brought to the show.
To be the man, you gotta beat the man!
Do I feel like I'm 65? No. I feel like I'm 15. That's my problem. I'm trying as hard as I can to act like I'm 65, but it's very difficult.
The guy who could be me, but he knows when to draw the line, is John Cena. John Cena can rock 'n' roll, let me tell you.
Richard Fliehr does not make any money.
Nobody has wrestled everybody in the business like I have, especially not Bret Hart.
I bleed like nobody else.
I was really good at being a bad guy.
I had my first 'Survivor Series' in 1991 and I was fortunate enough to be an instrumental part of the shows I was on.
