American,Politician
I believe God controls the universe. I don't believe biology works in an uncontrolled fashion.
I have to certainly stand for life. I know that there are some who disagree, and I respect their point of view. But I believe that life begins at conception. The only exception I have to have on abortion is in that case - of the life of the mother. I struggled with it myself for a long time, but I came to realize life is that gift from God.
People in Indiana like to see their politicians at the county fair or the Rotary Club.
Bipartisanship has taken us to the brink of bankruptcy. We don't need bipartisanship, we need application of principle... Where was the call for bipartisanship during the Obamacare debate? Not a single Republican voted for it. It wasn't about bipartisanship, it was about having the votes to dictate your will.
Even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that is something that God intended to happen.
I have a mindset that says bipartisanship ought to consist of Democrats coming to the Republican point of view.
I believe life is precious; I believe that to the marrow of my bones.
I'm absolutely confident that the God that I worship abhors violence.
I didn't grow up in politics.
If not for the Tea Party, the Republican Party would not be coming back to its roots.
To all of you who are Republicans of long standing, I hope you appreciate that I always tried to stand for conservative values.
Indiana taxpayers, retired Hoosier state policemen and teachers are neither greedy speculators nor unpatriotic. They are, however, secured creditors of Chrysler. They deserve to have their funds protected under the full auspices of the law.
What I've said about compromise, I hope to build a conservative majority so bipartisanship becomes Democrats joining Republicans to roll back the size of government, reduce the bureaucracy, and get America moving again.
The fact is, you never compromise on principles. If people on the far Left, they have a principle to stand by, they should never compromise; those of us on the Right should not either.
I always start my discussions with the Tea Party groups with telling them, 'you know I have only three words for you: God. Bless. You.' Because the Tea Party's bringing the Republican party back to a more conservative base.
I do think the Tea Party position will prevail, and I am often asked: 'What has the Tea Party done and is it even still alive?' People think because there have been no demonstrations with the 'Don't Tread on Me' flag it's gone, but it hasn't.
I think the best thing we can do is sell that idea of smaller government - of fiscal responsibility vs. the Obama record. Obama made promises, and on every promise in which he's actually delivered, things have gotten worse instead of better. He said if we get ObamaCare it'll help, but health care prices went up.
All of Obama's policies are working against economic growth, not for it, and Republicans ought to be talking about it and they're not. We need to take a stand.
I am a very even-keeled guy.
Let's do away with the Departments of Education, Energy Commerce, Housing and Urban Development.
I will always call Darmstadt, Indiana, home.
We don't need bipartisanship, we need application of principle.
It's a beautiful thing at 60 to know who you are.
I used to dig around the sandbox and pull out pieces of coal and show them to my mother, and she used to say that's how I must have known I was going to be a geologist.
