American,President
The Cold War isn't thawing; it is burning with a deadly heat. Communism isn't sleeping; it is, as always, plotting, scheming, working, fighting.
No event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now.
Only if you have been in the deepest valley, can you ever know how magnificent it is to be on the highest mountain.
The finest steel has to go through the hottest fire.
Defeat doesn't finish a man, quit does. A man is not finished when he's defeated. He's finished when he quits.
You must never be satisfied with losing. You must get angry, terribly angry, about losing. But the mark of the good loser is that he takes his anger out on himself and not his victorious opponents or on his teammates.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.
When the President does it, that means that it's not illegal.
I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get.
Remember, always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself.
Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects.
If we take the route of the permanent handout, the American character will itself be impoverished.
Well, I screwed it up real good, didn't I?
Tell them to send everything that can fly.
If you take no risks, you will suffer no defeats. But if you take no risks, you win no victories.
The press is the enemy.
Finishing second in the Olympics gets you silver. Finishing second in politics gets you oblivion.
I am not a crook.
Let us move from the era of confrontation to the era of negotiation.
It is necessary for me to establish a winner image. Therefore, I have to beat somebody.
The greatest honor history can bestow is that of peacemaker.
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.
The answer to many of the domestic problems we face is not higher taxes and more spending. It is less waste, more results and greater freedom for the individual American to earn a rightful place in his own community - and for States and localities to address their own needs in their own ways, in the light of their own priorities.
If I were to make public these tapes, containing blunt and candid remarks on many different subjects, the confidentiality of the office of the president would always be suspect.
It's a piece of cake until you get to the top. You find you can't stop playing the game the way you've always played it.
Any lady who is first lady likes being first lady. I don't care what they say, they like it.
The presidency has many problems, but boredom is the least of them.
I see the face of a child. He lives in a great city. He is black. Or he is white. He is Mexican, Italian, Polish. None of that matters. What matters, he's an American child.
The American people are entitled to see the president and to hear his views directly, and not to see him only through the press.
Those who hate you don't win unless you hate them, and then you destroy yourself.
Watergate had become the center of the media's universe, and during the remaining year of my presidency the media tried to force everything else to revolve around it.
A public man must never forget that he loses his usefulness when he as an individual, rather than his policy, becomes the issue.
Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the Presidency.
Never say no when a client asks for something, even if it is the moon. You can always try, and anyhow there is plenty of time afterwards to explain that it was not possible.
I played by the rules of politics as I found them.
People react to fear, not love; they don't teach that in Sunday School, but it's true.
You must pursue this investigation of Watergate even if it leads to the president. I'm innocent. You've got to believe I'm innocent. If you don't, take my job.
Our chief justices have probably had more profound and lasting influence on their times and on the direction of the nation than most presidents.
I've never canceled a subscription to a newspaper because of bad cartoons or editorials. If that were the case, I wouldn't have any newspapers or magazines to read.
Tonight - to you, the great silent majority of my fellow Americans - I ask for your support.
My strong point, if I have a strong point, is performance. I always do more than I say. I always produce more than I promise.
The memory of that scene for me is like a frame of film forever frozen at that moment: the red carpet, the green lawn, the white house, the leaden sky. The new president and his first lady.
Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too.
Americans admire a people who can scratch a desert and produce a garden. The Israelis have shown qualities that Americans identify with: guts, patriotism, idealism, a passion for freedom. I have seen it. I know. I believe that.
Any change is resisted because bureaucrats have a vested interest in the chaos in which they exist.
By the time you get dressed, drive out there, play 18 holes and come home, you've blown seven hours. There are better things you can do with your time.
I have impeached myself by resigning.
I can see clearly now... that I was wrong in not acting more decisively and more forthrightly in dealing with Watergate.
I gave 'em a sword. And they stuck it in, and they twisted it with relish. And I guess if I had been in their position, I'd have done the same thing.
There will be no whitewash in the White House.
People have got to know whether or not their president is a crook. Well, I'm not a crook. I earned everything I've got.
Unless a president can protect the privacy of the advice he gets, he cannot get the advice he needs.
I let the American people down.
I wish I could give you a lot of advice, based on my experience of winning political debates. But I don't have that experience. My only experience is at losing them.
It I talked about Watergate, I was described as struggling to free myself from the morass. If I did not talk about Watergate, I was accused of being out of touch with reality.
In the television age, the key distinction is between the candidate who can speak poetry and the one who can only speak prose.
Certainly in the next 50 years we shall see a woman president, perhaps sooner than you think. A woman can and should be able to do any political job that a man can do.
As this long and difficult war ends, I would like to address a few special words to the American people: Your steadfastness in supporting our insistence on peace with honor has made peace with honor possible.
I have never been a quitter. To leave office before my term is completed is opposed to every instinct in my body. But as president I must put the interests of America first Therefore, I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow.
There are some people, you know, they think the way to be a big man is to shout and stomp and raise hell-and then nothing ever really happens. I'm not like that I never shoot blanks.
We do not learn by inference and deduction and the application of mathematics to philosophy, but by direct intercourse and sympathy.
Solutions are not the answer.
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world?
The more you stay in this kind of job, the more you realize that a public figure, a major public figure, is a lonely man.
I've analyzed the best I can... and I have not found an impeachable offense, and therefore resignation is not an acceptable course.
Under the doctrine of separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government.
I believe in the battle-whether it's the battle of a campaign or the battle of this office, which is a continuing battle.
I don't know anything that builds the will to win better than competitive sports.
The mark of a true politician is that he is never at a loss for words because he is always half-expecting to be asked to make a speech.
I don't think that a leader can control, to any great extent, his destiny. Very seldom can he step in and change the situation if the forces of history are running in another direction.
The time has come for us to draw the line. The time has come for the responsible leaders of both political parties to take a stand against overgrown Government and for the American taxpayer.
At home, we must reject the mistaken notion - a notion that has dominated too much of the public dialogue for too long - that ever bigger Government is the answer to every problem.
