American,Actor
I ain't no movie star, man. I'm a booty star.
I went to Zimbabwe. I know how white people feel in America now; relaxed! Cause when I heard the police car I knew they weren't coming after me!
What I am for is justice for everyone, just like it says in the Constitution.
Booty is just a ghetto expression, and I'm just a booty star.
When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude.
I urge you to ask yourself just how honorable it is to preside over the abuse and suffering of animals.
Imagine people calling you to find out if you're dead. I've led a real crazy life at times, and I've had many strange things happen to me, but that was one of the strangest.
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.
The black groups that boycott certain films would do better to get the money together to make the films they want to see, or stay in church and leave us to our work.
If I thought about it, I could be bitter, but I don't feel like being bitter. Being bitter makes you immobile, and there's too much that I still want to do.
Marriage is really tough because you have to deal with feelings... and lawyers.
There's a thin line between to laugh with and to laugh at.
I believe the ability to think is blessed. If you can think about a situation, you can deal with it. The big struggle is to keep your head clear enough to think.
I'd like to make you laugh for about ten minutes though I'm gonna be on for an hour.
I believe in the institution of marriage, and I intend to keep trying till I get it right.
I just don't want to die alone, that's all. That's not too much to ask for, is it It would be nice to have someone care about me, for who I am, not about my wallet.
I'm not for integration and I'm not against it.
Sure, I have friends, plenty of friends, and they all come around wantin' to borrow money. I've always been generous with my friends and family, with money, but selfish with the important stuff like love.
I know that if I wasn't scared, something's wrong, because the thrill is what's scary.
I'm for human lib, the liberation of all people, not just black people or female people or gay people.
Everyone carries around his own monsters.
It's been a struggle for me because I had a chance to be white and refused.
I was a loner and never hung out with anyone. I never had any friends.
I don't see myself getting married again, but if I do, it will be forever.
You work your butt off and somebody says you can't have your record played because it offends them. Tyrants are made of such stuff.
I won't talk about what it was like in prison, except to say I'm glad I'm out and that I plan never to go back and to pay my taxes every day.
