American,Politician
A lot of people believe, and I do at times, that some of our trade agreements are lopsided, and we've got to look at them. But that doesn't mean that we're going to put a tariff on everything.
We have got to be a hell of a lot more aggressive.
Are we going to change the Constitution? I hope never. We would have to amend it. Let's uphold the Second Amendment.
All of us want to see the details of any legislative plan if there's going to be a legislative response, but Congress, I believe, is in the mood to do whatever it takes to win this war against terrorism.
I support the president 100 percent - when he's right.
I never apologize for my efforts to support worthy projects that Alabama.
We cannot cut and run. If we are to ensure freedom and democracy, it is essential that we follow through on our obligation to bring about stability in Iraq.
I believe that reforming our intelligence community is one of the most important things that we can do in order to ensure that our country is in fact safer, stronger and wiser.
Saddam Hussein has been tenacious in his pursuit of weapons of mass destruction and, unless he is removed from power, he will eventually harm our nation and our allies. Every moment we delay allows him to grow stronger.
If there's not any endgame, we're in quicksand. We take one more step, and we're still there, and there's no way out.
The American people fear there is some gouging going on.
We've got a second amendment right. I think some people forget that.
I do believe that we should keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, would-be terrorists, and a lot of other people.
You can't go to Washington as a congressman and a senator and expect to make a difference all at once. You have to earn your way.
If things go right, maybe I'll chair the Appropriations Committee.
We need to eradicate these terrorist groups, wherever they are. If we failed to do it, we are just waiting for the next.
I feel good. I've got a lot of energy. I've got a lot of purpose, too.
I've been a stalwart for national security.
I believe that we have to have a new regulatory regime for our financial system.
Even some of my Republican friends say I have a populist, progressive streak. I am not a doctrinaire, anti-government person.
A lot of my friends tried to talk me out of running.
I don't want Congress setting monetary policy.
Federal Reserve officials have stressed the importance of the Fed's independence. But such independence does not mean that it is immune from Congressional oversight.
Dodd-Frank greatly expanded the regulatory reach of the Federal Reserve. It did not, however, examine whether it was correctly structured to account for these new and expansive powers. Therefore, the Committee will be examining the appropriateness of the Fed's current structure in a post Dodd-Frank world.
John McCain has not been president of the United States. He ran. He ran a spirited campaign. We lost. I hated to see us lose, but there were a lot of things working against us.
I don't believe $25 billion or $50 billion or $100 billion is going to change the way Detroit does business.
