American,Athlete
If my uniform doesn't get dirty, I haven't done anything in the baseball game.
Rickey got a big ranch. Rickey got a big bull. Rickey got horses. Rickey got chickens and everything. And Rickey got a 20-gallon hat.
Just because I believed in what I was doing on the field and dedicated myself to playing the game, does that mean I'm cocky? Does that mean I'm arrogant?
To all the kids out there: Follow your dream. Believe in your dream. Because dreams do come true.
I'm disappointed about how my career ended.
I like playing for Oakland, they have a very colorful uniform.
My impact on the game was going out there and making things happen.
Rickey don't like it when Rickey can't find Rickey's limo.
Lou Brock was a great base stealer but today I am the greatest.
I wanted to be a part of something special and contributing to the launch of a new league was very exciting to me.
You never had the opportunity to play with some of the great ballplayers, but being that close around them, and being in the same category, was a great feeling, to feel that vibe of all the best players who played the game.
I love playing this game and every spring training feels like the first.
I don't think I ever got proper credit about being smart about the game.
Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success.
In baseball you train the whole body, except for the hip and eyes.
I don't want to be one of those great players who never made it to the Series.
You have to keep running. I always believed I was going to be safe.
To me the most important thing was stirring things up and scoring some runs so we could win a ballgame.
I love the game and I wanted to continue playing. It came to a time that I had to stop.
If you look at some of the people in the Hall of Fame, my numbers are compatible.
The only name on my birth certificate was Henley, no first name.
My journey as a player is complete.
My dream was to play football for the Oakland Raiders. But my mother thought I would get hurt playing football, so she chose baseball for me. I guess moms do know best.
I haven't had the time to say, 'I'm retiring.' But baseball says, 'You're retired.'
I can't find a job. It makes me crazy.
I'm a Hall of Famer and I'm still fighting for it because I love the game and I love to play.
