American,Writer
Transformation is a process, and as life happens there are tons of ups and downs. It's a journey of discovery - there are moments on mountaintops and moments in deep valleys of despair.
What gives me the most hope every day is God's grace; knowing that his grace is going to give me the strength for whatever I face, knowing that nothing is a surprise to God.
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less.
Living in the light of eternity changes your priorities.
So I would say God hates war, but God loves every soldier.
Well, in the first place, military service, they don't call it service for nothing. You are actually serving your country. And it is a worthy and valid vocation.
Faithful servants never retire. You can retire from your career, but you will never retire from serving God.
You never know God is all you need until God is all you have.
If God only used perfect people, nothing would get done. God will use anybody if you're available.
And you know, when you've experienced grace and you feel like you've been forgiven, you're a lot more forgiving of other people. You're a lot more gracious to others.
During my days of deepest grief, in all of my shock, sorrow and struggle, I sat at the feet of God. I literally spent hours each day reading God's word, meditating on scripture and praying. I intentionally spent a significant amount of time being still before God.
You're not really ready to live unless you know what you're willing to die for.
If you're alive, there's a purpose for your life.
The only way you can serve God is by serving other people.
Now the only way you can serve God on earth is by serving others.
But dogs, which have no ability to sin nor moral conscience, do not have an ability to reject Jesus.
It is mind-boggling to me that the Almighty power created everything I see; the Bible says that God created the entire universe just so he could create this galaxy just so he could create Earth so he could create human beings so he could create a family.
My ultimate goal... is for you to live the life you're intended to live.
The Bible is very clear that God has a purpose. But even if I know that purpose, I can't fulfill it if I'm out of shape.
You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.
God is looking for people to use, and if you can get usable, he will wear you out. The most dangerous prayer you can pray is this: 'Use me.'
We're a nation of laws, but the good thing about America, is that laws reside in the people and people can change the laws.
The Bible tells us that Jesus Christ came to do three things. He came to have my past forgiven, you get a purpose for living and a home in Heaven.
The first thing that we need to say is that God is grieving, too. Uh, a lot of people try to make it sound like 'well everything that happens is God's will.' That's nonsense. God allows everything, but God does not choose everything.
You drift through life and let things happen to you, or go by design and say, 'This is what I'm intended to do.'
I never have been involved in politics.
The death of my own son has made me more sensitive. It's made me more compassionate.
When life doesn't make sense, we can still have peace.
Being reminded about the incredible power of God's love, and living as He intended, is the most powerful motivation to change.
The Constitution is man-made, so it is not perfect. It's not the basis of my beliefs. My belief system is based on the Scriptures which come from God.
The Scriptures are the truth from God.
God gave us the gift of life in heaven. Many people are given this gift, but they never open it. They never do anything with it.
Churches know more about poverty than any government will ever know, because we're dealing with the poor every day.
I never get involved in policy. Never.
