American,Actor
Jaws was still a handsome, big guy. He got the girl. He was my favorite villain. I tried to make this guy endearing somewhat because all he wanted to do was unite his country.
History will tell where I stand in the ranks of Bond villains, I have no control over that.
Being an American is such a rich environment, because there's so many people from other countries and cultures, and through that you're able to see other people's experiences.
Part of my heritage being Korean, it's going to be interesting going to Korea and answering these questions dealing with North and South Korea.
In a lot of ways, the make-up was the character.
When you have a background in combat sports, people think you're this martial arts expert, but really I'm just a guy who is able to do certain things without making a mess of himself.
That's when it really came together for me that I was in a Bond film, to have my own spy car!
I was worried about being the nut that ruined 40 years of Bond history.
It was tough to try to be serious in front of Halle Berry and Pierce Brosnan with all this stuff in my face. There's never been a character that's looked this extreme.
I was thinking about that, about what lines you'd be willing to cross if someone took your loved one or child.
I can't understand why anyone would want nuclear warheads. If you shoot them off, it's not like you can take over that country-all you do is kill millions of people.
I believe our country has to do whatever we can do to protect ourselves-we're king of the hill. We need to protect democracy and the lives of those who live in the free world.
This is the Bond of the new millennium. Everything is updated, from the action sequences to the interaction between the characters. All the elements reflect changes that have occurred in the world in recent years.
Since I was a kid I've wanted to be in a Bond movie.
They shaved my head, eyebrows. This is not a sci-fi picture. It's not a fantasy picture. You're dealing with something that's supposed to be in reality. But we had a genius makeup artist.
To be here today is just beyond my wildest dreams.
