American,Athlete
I don't think people change. I think they definitely mature. But I think the essence of what I am today is the same as when I was five years old. It's just maturity. I've become a healthier, fuller expression of that essence.
I do feel like a loner but I think it's because I look at things differently than other people.
If you want to surf, move to Hawaii. If you like to shop, move to New York. If you like acting and Hollywood, move to California. But if you like college football, move to Texas.
If you replace the word God in the Bible with the word Truth, it reads exactly right.
There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you.
To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.
I realized a while back that I have an innate ability to be compassionate, and I saw that the strength of compassion is something that healers have and healers use.'
I have no room in my life for any form of negativity or nonacceptance.
I started practicing yoga. I started learning some hands-on healing stuff. And I found really good chiropractors, really good massage therapists, and what I found is I've been able to actually peel off layers of trauma on my body and actually move better now than I did.
I'm closer to being happy. I'm doing things that make me happy. In football I loved to practice and I loved to play, but I hated to be in meetings, hated to talk to the media, hated to have cameras in my face, hated to sign autographs. I hated to do all those things.
There's nothing I miss about anything in the whole wide world. The idea of missing something means you're not living in the moment. Every moment is good for something.
I am an honest, God-fearing man who is intensely dedicated to being the best person I can be on and off the football field.
I've always been attracted to things that are taboo. I've never been afraid to go to that dark place.
I definitely have come out of my shell a lot more. When you question who you are, you can't be proud of who you are. Now that I'm trying to peel off those layers and really understand who I am, I don't have anything to be shy about.
A team takes on the personality of the head coach.
Sometimes success will get in the way of maturity - at least temporarily.
I've let a lot of things go, and obviously football is one of them. I think the hardest thing to let go is your self-image. That's what I'm working on now.
I don't believe in regret.
Growing up with two sisters, you either play by yourself or play Barbie with them. I played by myself.
Anytime you play a team sport, the success of the team really makes everything better. It's nice.
I don't think I'll ever be able to stay in one place for more than a year or two. It's not in my nature.
As human beings we have a tendency when we like something to tie it up and make sure it's there for a long time. I've been working on being able to let things go. I don't think I ever want to buy property again.
Nine in the box... that's a football term.
Well, I don't think I've necessarily ever been a passionate football player or a passionate person.
I think Ricky Williams had his time in the limelight. And I think it was good for what it was worth, and that was that.
Tomorrow doesn't really exist.
It's good to do things slow in the bush. It makes you appreciate everything a lot more.
People are hungry because they're eating empty foods. Mine are full, and so am I.
I really do love football.
And I think if you look at any relationship, for the relationship to be productive and to move forward and to grow, sometimes things have to be said that one person or the other person is not going to like to hear.
I've never been in trouble with the police.
I want to really start focusing on what I want to accomplish and what it is I want to achieve, but not micromanaging this or that and focusing on the little things.
Human beings aren't supposed to be controlled and told what to do.
At the core, we're all spiritual beings.
It's something that I had been pushing down my whole life. The search for meaning, I guess, the whispering of the soul.
The more I pay attention to what's going on inside, the more I realize that how I feel, and how I react to what I feel, really creates my reality. And the more in touch I can be, the better chance I have to control what's happening in my life.
I feel no need and have no desire to give any attention to other people's opinion of me.
I don't care what people think about me because I know I am more than all the pain and strife they hold inside.
I had this notion that everyone was staring at me and judging everything about me, from my appearance to the way I talk and everything.
When you make that crossover from life to real life, when you're not treated as a child anymore but as a man, and you are no longer given the benefit of the doubt, it takes some courage to face that.
I would drive home and see people wearing my No. 34 jersey and wonder why, because I didn't feel worthy of that. And all the time I just knew people were staring at me, talking about me everywhere I went.
In therapy, I see myself in the mirror differently.
If I can walk, I'll play.
I think I have a tendency to look at things subjectively rather than objectively when I reflect on my experience.
I think sometimes when it comes to sports, and especially relationships between players and coaches, that people lose track, lose a sense of reality.
