American,Comedian
It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Some people think having large breasts makes a woman stupid. Actually, it's quite the opposite: a woman having large breasts makes men stupid.
To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'
Whenever I date a guy, I think, 'Is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with?'
I was a vegetarian until I started leaning toward the sunlight.
My grandmother was a very tough woman. She buried three husbands and two of them were just napping.
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult.
Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with super-heroes. Women have bad self-images because they grow up identifying with Barbie.
I'm a very simple person. I'm very shallow. Shallow, simple, easily pleased: that's me.
Men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage - they've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
Some women hold up dresses that are so ugly and they always say the same thing: 'This looks much better on.' On what? On fire?
I got kicked out of ballet class because I pulled a groin muscle. It wasn't mine.
I love to write jokes and that's all I think about.
I have to visualise my jokes, live my jokes, feel the audience because every audience is different. It's like having a different dancing partner every night.
Stand-up is my favorite thing I've ever done. There's so much independence.
When I eventually met Mr. Right I had no idea that his first name was Always.
My boyfriend and I broke up. He wanted to get married and I didn't want him to.
The word 'aerobics' came about when the gym instructors got together and said: If we're going to charge $10 an hour, we can't call it Jumping up and down.
My husband and I are either going to buy a dog or have a child. We can't decide whether to ruin our carpet or ruin our lives.
I get a lot of return business. I think it's all those years I put in traveling around the country; people saw me before and had a good time so they want to see me again.
I was going to have cosmetic surgery until I noticed that the doctor's office was full of portraits by Picasso.
Before I met my husband, I'd never fallen in love. I'd stepped in it a few times.
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen. Women reach theirs at thirty-five. Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
Marriages don't last. When I meet a guy, the first question I ask myself is: is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with?
When you're a dancer, you start with the basics. You don't all of a sudden do a grand jete and pirouette. You start with first position, second, third.
My mother's mother is a very tough cookie. She buried three husbands. Two of them were just napping.
I don't want to push the envelope. Let the envelope stay in the middle of the table. I'll just make you laugh.
I think the most important thing about learning comedy is to start from who you are. If you begin the process by imitating what you perceive to be a comedy rhythm, you will get laughs sooner, but you will not be unique.
Being a dancer and a singer gave me some advantage with regards to having a stage presence. I always take my timing from the audience because they are half of my act.
Every audience has a personality. Some of them don't have the best personalities, but you're on a date with them for an hour and a half, so you just make the best of it.
I don't do Jewish stuff because I don't want people to be left out. If I mention the Torah in Alabama, it's not going to go down that well. I used to do some Jewish jokes because when I started, I used to play lots of Jewish country clubs.
I have no organisational skills. All my energy goes into worry - worrying takes a lot of energy.
On my tombstone it will say: 'I tried everything - nothing was easy.'
If you are who you are on stage, people pay attention.
I wanted to say things that were natural coming from me.
I found out I had a real love for comedy and comedy writing. The logic was, there weren't too many female comedians, so I thought I might as well try a field that had fewer competitors than the field I was in, which was acting, singing and dancing.
I have too many credit cards. You know what happened? Someone stole one and I didn't notice. I noticed when I got that bill. Whoa! It was so much less! I'm letting him keep it. I'm saving money!
I did six Broadway shows, and I noticed there weren't many female comedians. When I went to a dancing audition, there were 1,000 girls. And there were three jobs. So I said I'll just try comedy. And I loved it.
I had the worst birthday party ever when I was a child because my parents hired a pony to give rides. And these ponies are never in good health. But this one dropped dead. It just wasn't much fun after that. One kid would sit on him and the rest of us would drag him around.
While I do occasionally order items on the Internet, it's hard to teach an old shopper new tricks. I'm convinced that the catalogue will eventually disappear, but not until the last baby boomers have kicked off their smelly Nikes and been buried in mulch.
You are always trying to please people before you get to the public whenever you do anything that requires a corporate body to sanction it.
I'm not a person who likes authority. I just love the fact that it's up to me, and I go straight to the audience.
Barbie ruined my life! It's a really bad image for women. For a long time I thought I was deformed - because my heels didn't touch the ground. I was walking around on tiptoes. What's up with that? I think that it's a bad thing for a woman to try to emulate.
