American,Poet
There are times in life when, instead of complaining, you do something about your complaints.
When we are touched by something it's as if we're being brushed by an angel's wings.
All of us have moments in our childhood where we come alive for the first time. And we go back to those moments and think, This is when I became myself.
Nothing is too small. Nothing is too, quote-unquote, ordinary or insignificant. Those are the things that make up the measure of our days, and they're the things that sustain us. And they're the things that certainly can become worthy of poetry.
You have to imagine it possible before you can see something. You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible.
If we really want to be full and generous in spirit, we have no choice but to trust at some level.
Have you ever heard a good joke? If you've ever heard someone just right, with the right pacing, then you're already on the way to poetry. It's about using words in very precise ways and using gesture.
In working on a poem, I love to revise. Lots of younger poets don't enjoy this, but in the process of revision I discover things.
Libraries are where it all begins.
Poetry is language at its most distilled and most powerful.
The American Dream is a phrase we'll have to wrestle with all of our lives. It means a lot of things to different people. I think we're redefining it now.
I've always been intrigued by the way history works, the way we decide what is mentioned.
Being true to yourself really means being true to all the complexities of the human spirit.
Going to the library was the one place we got to go without asking for permission. And they let us choose what we wanted to read. It was a feeling of having a book be mine entirely.
My father is a chemist, my mother was a homemaker. My parents instilled in us the feeling that learning was the most exciting thing that could happen to you, and it never ends.
For many years, I thought a poem was a whisper overheard, not an aria heard.
I carry a notebook with me everywhere. But that's only the first step.
I prefer to explore the most intimate moments, the smaller, crystallized details we all hinge our lives on.
It really wasn't until I was in college when I began to write more and more, and I realized I was scheduling my entire life around my writing.
I loved to write when I was a child. I wrote, but I always thought it was something that you did as a child, then you put away childish things.
I didn't know writers could be real live people, because I never knew any writers.
I loved to read, but I always thought that the dream was too far away. The person who had written the book was a god, it wasn't a person.
I try to show what it is about language and music that enthralls, because I think those are the two elements of poetry.
It's unfortunate that sometimes in schools, there's this need to have things quantified and graded.
I was appointed Poet Laureate. It came totally out of the blue because most Poet Laureates had been considerably older than I. It was not something that I even had begun to dream about!
I thought, after the Pulitzer, at least nothing will surprise me quite that much in my life. And another one happened. It was quite amazing.
I think one of the things that people tend to forget is that poets do write out of life. It isn't some set piece that then gets put up on the shelf, but that the impetus, the real instigation for poetry is everything that's happening around us.
I grew up in Ohio, where civil-rights accomplishments had already begun to accelerate before Martin Luther King appeared. In hindsight, we know that many people, black and white, were instrumental in changing the Jim Crow status quo on all levels.
It makes me furious to hear haters of all skin colors - especially Christian, Jewish, and Muslim fundamentalists - deride other people because of their different beliefs and lifestyles.
Equality and self-determination should never be divided in the name of religious or ideological fervor.
I always loved science. And in fact, I got a science award in high school. I mean, I loved science, but I think I loved literature more.
To practice your scales, so to speak, in order play the symphony, is what you have to do as a young poet.
I make a discovery in a poem as I write it.
I'm a night person. My best times are midnight to six, actually.
I think that you certainly don't have to be aged and travel the world to write a poem.
As an African-American, as a woman, I think that I've been sensitized to the way in which history privileges the white male and the way in which certain aspects of history, the things that we are taught in school, the things that are handed down, never, never entered the picture though they might have been very important.
