American,Politician
I saw the government really using the excuse of a weak economy and a financial crisis to create more government and to push onto the American entrepreneurial society more and more restraints and government activity.
We need to do a much better job when people are addicted to take them through treatment and recovery.
What I support is a whole different approach with regard to drug use, and that is spending less money on the prosecution and incarceration side and more money on prevention and education, which I know works.
I have decided to endorse Governor John Kasich for president because he is a leader who has a proven record of delivering results. John turned Ohio around at a tough time, and I believe he can do the same for our country.
Folks, do you agree with me that we cannot afford four more years of Barack Obama?
Habitat for Humanity is making Cleveland better every day.
We should not throw in the towel. Instead, we should be saying to young people, 'There is a better way for you to have a healthy and productive life, and that's not to get into drug use and drug abuse.'
You could have another downgrade. You could certainly have a stock market reaction that would be negative. And, I think nobody who looks at it objectively would want to happen.
If you focus on what people care about, you have ideas. And people are looking for solutions.
The way to an American economic comeback, the way to help those out of work today find a paycheck, is to unleash the forces of job creation in America. The source of new jobs isn't going to be the bureaucracies of Washington, but rather the creativity, ingenuity, and hard work of the American people.
My view is that I'm best able to serve my state and my country where I am.
Out of college, I had two job offers. One was to be a canoe instructor for Outward Bound. And frankly, that would have paid better than the job I took, working on a policy commission in Washington that focused on immigration policy and refugees. But that decision made all the difference.
I'd like to think I'm a serious legislator and trying to get things done.
It's not about sizzle for me. I think it's fine. I mean, America made a decision in 2008 to go with a president who did have sizzle.
I served at a time when we had a strong economy, when we had deficits that we would die for today. I was able to propose a balanced budget, not over ten years, but over five years. I'm proud of that record.
There has never been a campaign where there hasn't been sniping from the outside and second-guessing. I hear the same sometimes from the Democratic side in terms of President Obama's campaign, so that's to be expected.
There is so much uncertainty out there, and the government in Washington doesn't seem to get it. What's needed is a new business environment.
This is his solution: He said all we need to do is take your tax dollars, send them to Washington, have Washington take out its cut, having Washington then send it back to the states, have the states then go out and hire public employees. Does that make sense to you? Is that how to get the economy moving?
The TV ads have been coming hot and heavy in Ohio. I think the Obama campaign has outspent the Romney campaign by two-to-one or three-to-one, depending on the analysis you look at. People are tired of the attacks already, and here we are in July.
I'm up here in Cleveland tonight and there are a lot of folks who are concerned about it. Twenty-five percent of the people up here get their health care through religious organizations and so that religious freedom issue is very important to them.
People vote for the president, not the vice president. I think sometimes people that are in the veepstakes talk too much about this and certainly the media does. I don't think that it's that important.
My concern about Barack Obama is he ran a campaign in 2008 where he said we're going to bring people together and solve big problems. And he specifically talked about the need to reach across the aisle and deal with issues like the economy, which was obviously the top issue in 2008. It has not happened.
I told my staff that I'm so boring that I didn't even know I was boring.
Do you agree with me that we can't afford four more years of Barack Obama?
We shouldn't be debating whether to deal with the current code by allowing it to be extended or not. We should have a president who shows leadership and comes to Congress and says: 'You know what? We need to reform this whole tax code.'
The tax code is now nine times longer than the Bible, and not nearly as interesting.
I have acknowledged the problem and have spent my time in Congress focusing on solutions - including developing clean and efficient energy that grows our economy and creates jobs while also lowering pollution levels and protecting the environment.
Ohioans need peace of mind that the water coming out of their tap is safe. It's as simple as that.
I am disappointed that the President made the decision to have Ambassador Froman sign the TPP agreement in New Zealand.
When it is fair, American workers can compete and win. I cannot support the TPP in its current form because it doesn't provide that level playing field.
As the crisis in Syria grows and the humanitarian tragedy becomes more clear, I appreciated Prime Minister Netanyahu's perspective on the changes and volatility in the region.
We think healthcare costs should be going down, not up. We think people should be able to keep insurance that they had.
I support repeal, but I think we ought to also spend time on the replacement side of that. The Republican approach has never been, 'Let's get rid of this,' but, 'Let's replace it with something that does deal with a very real problem in our healthcare system.' And that is the entry's cost and lack of coverage.
I may sound naive, since everyone's decided the next two years are going to be all about 2016, but I look at what's happened over the years when there's been divided government. That's when we've done tax reform, that's when we've done entitlement reform - to move this economy forward on these big issues.
The Buckeye Build will have a lasting impact on Cleveland, and it is an honor to be a part of it.
We have to ensure we are aggressively enforcing existing laws.
I'm not representing any organization. I represent the people of Ohio, and a lot of people in Ohio feel very strongly about their Second Amendment rights.
We want more stuff stamped 'Made in America.'
We want more of our products going overseas, but the trick is to have a level playing field.
I'm focused, as you can tell, on 2014 and on doing my job as a senator.
I don't know what's going to happen specifically on votes on Obamacare. I suspect we'll vote to repeal early to put on record the fact that we Republicans think it's a bad policy, and we think it's hurting our constituents, and we think health care cost should be going down, not up.
The Iron Dome system is a proven way for Israel to defend its citizens from hostile threats and will advance missile defense technology for us and other allies.
I'm very happy where I am: I'm a senator from Ohio.
I'm on the Armed Services Committee, which gives me the opportunity to get involved on some of these international issues. My focus is, as you know, on the economic issues and budget issues.
Having deinstitutionalized mental health, we have not created the structure and the institutions to take care of people, to identify when there is a mental health problem, and to get the treatment to people.
My dad did everything he could. It was a start-up, and the banks didn't want to lend him enough money, so he mortgaged our house.
No one in my family had ever been in politics. My dad thought it was something that got in the way.
We must make clear that if you come here illegally, you will be sent back home.
Senator Brown and I have different philosophies as represented in our different ratings: I am a conservative, and he is a liberal.
We need to figure out how to connect people to jobs.
One of the big issues in Ohio and elsewhere is people do not have the skills to take advantage of the openings that are out there.
We need a broader party. If we're not doing better with millennials and women and Hispanics, African Americans, Asian Americans and others, we will have a tough time being a majority party at the national level.
It's the wrong time for us to be pulling the rug out from under American exporters.
Kyrie Irving could use a little help.
The wealthy are doing just fine in the Obama economy.
Obama and Democratic leaders in Congress believed we could spend our way to prosperity, and I guess they still do.
Let's replace Obamacare with reforms that put you back in charge of your own healthcare.
Decisions about your health should be between you and your doctor, not a bureaucrat and an insurance company. Let's expand choice rather than limiting it. Let's create jobs instead of destroying them. And let's bring down the costs instead of driving them up.
I'm not here today to tell you government doesn't have a role to play. It does, but it needs to be the right role.
The Obama economy is great for rich people. It's terrible for everybody else.
The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
At the end of the day, all the best negotiating techniques can't overcome the most substantive policy differences.
Working together with Democrats and Republicans, I passed legislation to help break the grip of addiction. By investing in prevention, treatment, and recovery, empowering law enforcement, and stopping the overprescribing of painkillers, we can turn the tide.
I'm a religious liberty supporter - I strongly believe in that.
Trump and Bernie Sanders are different sides of the same coin.
Trump is going to be the change agent. Hillary Clinton is going to be the status quo. Bernie Sanders is not going to be in the mix.
I can give a speech, and I can do a rally, and I do them, but that's not what I like to do.
Our country needs people who are maybe a little less focused on themselves and on the flash and a little more focused on how do we actually create a better environment for success for our young people, how do we get people back to work, how do we regain our standing internationally.
I have come to believe that if two people are prepared to make a lifetime commitment to love and care for each other in good times and in bad, the government shouldn't deny them the opportunity to get married.
The broad goal, laid out by Congress, the Obama administration, and the U.N. Security Council, was that Iran would suspend all enrichment-related activities and not be permitted a path to ever pursue a nuclear weapons program.
We should not approve an agreement that fails to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons and does nothing to address Iranian behavior that threatens our allies and our interests.
