American,Driver
Racing is full of 'what-ifs.' Like anything else in life, you learn from your mistakes and move on to the next challenge.
I was pretty immature, and some of it came from just wanting to have fun.
Unfortunately, I've got airplanes that I can't even afford to use today that are sitting there. I'm still paying insurance on them; I'm still paying payments.
When you're out of gas, you don't have many options.
I love the Dakar Rally, the Baja stuff.
NASCAR, there's nothing wrong with it, it's very competitive, but the specs are very tight on tolerances.
You don't come around to the pit lane every mile; when you leave on a rally, you're gone for 500 miles in certain stages. You've got to work on your own car and fix it. It's a logistical nightmare, and it really challenges me.
We love to race in the sand dunes in Glamis.
I have a very competent case of ADD.
I've built my business around the No. 7.
This is a highly competitive sport, and we are all very passionate when we are on the track.
I've been fortunate enough that in every form of motor sports in which I've competed, we've won.
There are two really good feelings. The first is when you land sponsorships that allow you to be competitive. Then to win a race is the icing on the cake that you've made with the sponsorship.
I learned at a young age that we were going to have to be personable, going to have to be marketable, and going to have to be creative in order to have a race team.
We work in a shop about the size of the paint department of Richard Childress Racing.
Do you think I really care what Jeff Gordon says?
The lighter the car, the faster it goes.
There's only eight cars that make the Daytona 500.
The next Rick Hendrick, Richard Childress, or Joe Gibbs has to come from somewhere.
I like the competition that Nextel Cup gives us. The schedule is difficult. But this is something I want to do for sure.
We've dreamed of growing our company into something like Richard Childress has. We're working really hard, and we're getting more competitive. Hopefully, that becomes a reality.
I am the driver. I am the owner, kind of the sponsor, except for our sponsorship with Dodge.
We don't want to fight NASCAR.
We've got a great race team.
We haven't made money in NASCAR in a long time.
I would like to run about 15 stock car races a year. That would be my goal.
