American,Director
If you see the sunset, does it have to mean something? If you hear the birds singing does it have to have a message?
Chairs are like sculpture.
I think that in my plays you can come in for 20 minutes and get something out of it. I'd like to do a play that would run for days. I don't think time is that important. Nature doesn't hurry the sky, the changing clouds and sunsets.
Some years ago, I was invited to speak in Houston, Texas. They said I was a founder of 'postmodern theatre'. So I said to my office, 'This is ridiculous for me to go and speak about postmodern theatre when I don't know what it means, but... they're paying me a lot of money, so I'll go.'
My theater is slow and calm, yet my life is fast and hectic, going in all directions.
Usually in theater, the visual repeats the verbal. The visual dwindles into decoration. But I think with my eyes. For me, the visual is not an afterthought, not an illustration of the text. If it says the same thing as the words, why look? The visual must be so compelling that a deaf man would sit though the performance fascinated.
I think mystery... allows us time to dream.
When we look back at the Mayans or ancient Egypt, we look at their art.
The mind is a muscle.
When you're playing King Lear, you have to have a little humour, or you will have no tragedy when the king dies.
All theater is dance.
I learned loudness from working with Lou Reed.
My work has always dealt with a kind of space that allows one to daydream.
My mother was a great typist. She said she loved to type because it gave her time to think. She was a secretary for an insurance company. She was a poor girl; she'd grown up in an orphanage, and she went to a business college - and then worked to put her brothers through school.
I think that I've always been a kind of structured person.
There are schools teaching 'stage decoration' as a subject, and they actually call it that. I say: 'Burn those schools!'
What interested me was dance - the way that it was constructed with time-space constructions, and that it was abstract. I always thought: 'Why couldn't theater be that way? Or an opera?'
I grew up in a town where there were no galleries, no museums, no theaters - a very religious, ultraconservative community.
What was very interesting to me about Clementine Hunter's work is that she couldn't read or write, and she has recorded history of the plantation life and the southern part of the U.S. - the cotton harvests, pecan picking, washing clothes, funerals, marriages - in pictures.
If you slow things down, you notice things you hadn't seen before.
I always thought of the English landscape as being English gardens.
The landscape of Texas is in all my work. It's that light; it's that sky.
New York is very provincial. They're very cut-off; they don't have an awareness of so much that is going on in the world.
My tax dollar, which goes to New York State Council on the Arts, is by and large only spent to fund people from the state of New York! And you want to be the cultural capital of the world?
I think people are looking for an alternative to the fast pace of everyday life and entertainment.
The reason you work as an artist is to stay open and ask questions.
I say I like to be alone, yet I am always surrounded by people.
I never thought about the relationship of my mother, my family, to the content of my work.
Most theater tells you what to think.
My work should be seen as poetry.
I've always thought abstractly - through theme and variations rather than narrative.
Christopher Knowles, Buechner, Heiner Mueller, Burroughs, Chekhov, Shakespeare - it's all one body of work.
I start any work the same way. I start a rehearsal with silence.
I try to present something that is full of time. Not timeless, but full of time. I never like a work where we try to update it, but it's still not interesting to see a work that is dated. If one is successful, then a work can be full of time. And time is very complex.
I had dinner with Marlene Dietrich in the early 1970s. I went to pick her up and she had someone with her, a dreadful man. He was writing a book about her, and he said to her, 'You're so cold when you perform,' and she said, 'You didn't listen to the voice.' She said the difficulty was to place the voice with the face.
I met a 13-year-old black child, Raymond, who had never been to school and had never learnt any words, yet it seemed to me that he was intelligent. It became apparent after a short period that Raymond thought in terms of visual signs and movements.
The French, not the Americans, commissioned 'Einstein on the Beach.'
I've always been attracted to classic patterns in architecture, music and drama.
In my theater, I'm not trying to change the world.
When works get too intellectual, they lose their intensity.
I think it's just my nature. I can't work on one thing. I have to work on many things.
When I was 12 years old, I went to Natchitoches, La.; it was summer vacation with my family. We visited a plantation, Melrose. And I met an Afro-American woman who was a painter. I already had some idea of what I wanted to do in life, and one of the things that interested me was painting.
At the end of the 1960s, I was part of the downtown theatrical movement in New York that was making work in alleyways, garages, gyms, churches, non-traditional spaces. The idea was to get away from the illusion of the conventional theatre. But then I thought, what's wrong with illusion?
The first year I was in New York, I met Martha Graham. She said, 'Well, Mr. Wilson, what do you want to do in life?' I was 21 years old, and I said, 'I have no idea.' And she said, 'If you work long enough and hard enough, you'll find something.'
It's important that we have the traditional operas and the repertory, but we should also have something new.
I don't see anyone for the first hour and a half that I'm awake. I don't like to talk, and I don't like to hear any sounds. People know not to bother me! I use that time to read, and make lists and notes of things I have to do later in the day.
I collect rocks from all over the world. I have a ring of stones that date to 3500 B.C. It's like a little Stonehenge.
I think by drawing, so I'll draw or diagram everything from a piece of furniture to a stage gesture. I understand things best when they're in graphics, not words.
I usually stay in on Sunday nights. I'm not much of a party person.
I never studied theatre; I learned it by doing it. If I had studied theatre, I would not be making the kind of theatre I am making.
As a very young man growing up in Texas, usually I got a shotgun or cowboy boots for Christmas.
I do still collect chairs.
