American,Athlete
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference.
Hard work pays off - hard work beats talent any day, but if you're talented and work hard, it's hard to be beat.
Every time you step on the football field in between those lines you're putting your life, your career, every single ligament in your body in jeopardy.
I like to think I'm pretty smart with what I was able to do academically, but whenever I get on the field I turn into the Incredible Hulk and I am unstoppable.
I try to associate myself as just being myself - and being a person, an American citizen, going out there every day and just trying to be successful.
I don't do too much outside of football during football season, because this is my job and I take it seriously. I don't do too much, don't really go out at all that much, don't eat out or anything, try to stay focused and stay to myself.
I was a freshman All-American, and I tore my ACL in the third game. But God has a plan for everything. I had a chance to turn away from Him in that situation or draw closer to Him. I decided to draw closer to Him, and came back stronger from it.
I know I'm the No. 1 quarterback for the Washington Redskins, and that's all that matters in my heart. That's all I wanted. I wanted a team that wanted me, and I found that.
If you say you're going to do something, you do it. If you start it, you finish it. Yes sir, no ma'am. And you've got to have that kind of structure in your life. It kind of helped me be that disciplined person that I am, whether it's with workouts, film or just the game of football.
I'm a military kid, both parents in the military - Mom did 12 years, Dad did 21, served in two wars. So discipline is something that was huge.
Every time I step out on that field, I'm 100 percent. My teammates know that. They know what I'm out there dealing with. I know what I'm out there dealing with. But when it comes to my mindset, I'm 100 percent.
To me, it's not necessarily about whom you vote for, it's more about the fact that you go out and exercise that right. There's a lot of people who fight for our right to vote and people in other countries fighting for other peoples' right to vote and I think everyone should exercise that vote.
It's not about talent once you get to the NFL because everyone's got it. It's about being willing to go that extra mile to be the best and that's something that I've always done.
As a quarterback, obviously, you're going to be put in the forefront whether you like it or not, and if you're not then you're not doing your job.
For me, you don't ever want to be defined by the color of your skin. You want to be defined by your work ethic, the person that you are, your character, your personality. That's what I've tried to go out and do.
I am an African-American in America. That will never change. But I don't have to be defined by that.
Warren Moon and Doug Williams really didn't run that much. That's the negative stereotype when it comes to African-American quarterbacks, that most of us just run. Those guys threw it around. I like to think I can throw it around a little bit.
That's the goal. Just to go out and not try to prove anybody wrong but just let your talents speak for themselves.
People have said some really good things about my performance, and that's what I'm happy about, what I'm excited about. I was able to go out there, and like I said, I put my best foot forward.
I have no preferred team, but everyone wants to go No. 1 in the draft. Even the guy who gets picked last in the draft wants to go No. 1. But I just know that whoever picks me, I'm going to be excited to play for that team, and I can't wait to see myself in 'Madden' on that team.
I want to be one of the guys, but I also want to be 'the' guy, the guy that can go out there and they can rely on in crunch time. I'm going to be the guy that they know will show up every day, every game, every play and show up on a consistently great level.
When you have fans who are hassling you the entire game and you ignore them, they respect you because their job is to try and distract you. And if they don't distract you, that means you're focused on doing your job. And who knows, by the end, sometimes you even win them over.
People have called me Superman my whole life. In various sports, that seems to be the common theme. My favorite superhero is actually the Incredible Hulk. He's the only superhero that can't die.
I don't picture myself as a normal person when I play football, and I don't think anyone else pictures me that way as well.
If you're out there stressing on your pro day, then you're not going to perform well, so I plan on having a little fun. Play a little music while we're out there throwing the football, have everybody tapping their toes and bobbing their head and just go out there and make the most of the experience.
I don't play too much into the color game, because I don't want to be the best African American quarterback, I want to be the best quarterback.
I wasn't a rebel. It kind of clicked in my head, like, if I want to do this, I can go out and do it. Some kids, it clicks for them, and it doesn't work out. But thank God for me it did work out. I put in all those hard hours of work, and it has gotten me to where I am.
People would say I'm more polished as a passer than Tebow and Cam, but I'm not as physical a runner. But I am 6'2', 223, and I can throw with the best of them.
The day I think about throwing the ball away at the beginning of a play, I should stop playing.
Respect talent. Get respect where respect is due, but don't be caught up in yourself where you do things obliviously and not pay attention to what is going on.
There's something about football that's exciting. The defense is trying to shut you down and you're trying to blow people up.
As long as I can run fast, track will always be an option. But right now I'm focused on football because the NFL is knocking on my door and I'm not going to slam it in its face.
You don't have to go out there and fit the mold of what a quarterback is supposed to be. Make your own mold and do the best at each role. If you can run with the best and throw with the best, you can be the best quarterback in your own version of the position.
Teams are going to try to hit me because they think I can't take a hit. I think I've proven over my career that I can.
