American,Poet
Distance not only gives nostalgia, but perspective, and maybe objectivity.
I considered going to film school; I took a course in film and was very interested in filmmaking as well as film writing.
Pound's translation of Chinese poetry was maybe the most important thing I read. Eliot a little bit later.
If a poem is not memorable, there's probably something wrong. One of the problems of free verse is that much of the free verse poetry is not memorable.
It was less a literary thing than a linguistic, philosophical preoccupation... discovering how far you can go with language to create immediate, elementary experience.
Fiction is about intimacy with characters, events, places.
Some people want to call me an Appalachian writer, even though I know some people use regional labels to belittle.
I write as a way of keeping myself going. You build your life around writing, and it's what gets you through. So it's partly just curiosity to see what you can do.
I think that it's more likely that in my 60s and 70s I will be writing poetry rather than fiction.
I did not have a very literary background. I came to poetry from the sciences and mathematics, and also through an interest in Japanese and Chinese poetry in translation.
In the late 60s and early 70s, I did get interested in voices, and in narration and embodying the voice, making the poem sound like a real person talking.
In the later books I am much more at home in the use of language to describe things. I had never thought of that until a critic pointed that out.
You have to really dive deep back into yourself and get rid of so much modern analytical categorization. It's one of the great things poetry does.
The great watershed of modern poetry is French, more than English.
Philip Larkin has a tough honesty and sense of humor that I find irresistible, as a contemporary poet.
Among the American contemporaries I read with most enjoyment are several North Carolinians. I think the best poetry being written these days is being written by Southerners.
The Language Poets are writing only about language itself. The Ashbery poets are writing only about poetry itself. That seems to me a kind of dead end.
Southern poets are still writing narrative poems, poems in forms, dramatic poems.
Maybe the example of Southern fiction writing has been so powerful that Southern poets have sort of keyed themselves to that.
Our most famous writers are Faulkner and Eudora Welty and Flannery O'Connor. It would make sense that the poetry would reflect some of those same values, some of the same techniques.
If people associate me with a region, that's fine with me.
With prose you can incorporate more details, develop scenes, sustain the tension in a special way. Prose has its own speed.
In the best fiction, the language itself can become almost invisible.
Poetry, almost by definition, calls attention to its language and form.
The decision to write in prose instead of poetry is made more by the readers than by writers. Almost no one is interested in reading narrative in verse.
We have a lot of long narrative poems written in the 20th century, but they're not very well known, and they're not read by very many people.
The young people have MTV and rock and roll. Why would they go to read poetry? Poetry belongs to the Stone Age. It awakens in us perceptions that go back to those times.
I learned to impersonate the kind of person that talks about poetry. It comes from teaching, I think.
One of the biggest changes that ever occurred in my life was going from the isolation of working part-time as a house painter in Henderson County, to Cornell, where everybody was a literary person.
Young writers find their first audience in little magazines, and experimental writers find their only audience there.
