American,Actor
With a modest amount of looks and talent, and more than a modicum of serendipity, I've managed to stretch my 15 minutes of fame into 50 years of good fortune.
I read Superman comics when I was a kid.
By virtue of believing in a Supreme Being one embraces certain mysteries.
I have always been adventurous and rather daring.
When you're a guest star on TV shows - particularly in the 1960s - you're always the villain.
We shoot 'Hustle' for 12 to 16 weeks, so that's how long I'm here each year. I've always loved London. I lived here for three years back in the Seventies, when I did a TV series, 'The Protectors,' for Lew Grade.
I travelled to California when I was 18 and went to Los Angeles State College.
While at college, I did my first lead on a network TV show, Medic.
All I did was basically play myself in the role of Napoleon Solo.
Audience response to The Man From U.N.C.L.E. back in the '60s - well, I was frankly surprised by the show's success and the attendant publicity for David and myself.
I had never thought of my career as going in the direction that it did, as far as fan response was concerned.
About 15 years later, I was given all 113 episodes on tape.
Compared to today's salaries, our cut was minuscule but it was very good for the time.
Of course, neither David or myself ever saw a penny from them; it was the early days of merchandising.
I've been obsessed with clothes since I was a little boy.
So for Bullitt, I just put my black hat back on.
Finally, when the money was high enough, the script suddenly revealed itself as being very clear to me.
I went to college with James Coburn and Steve McQueen was a very good friend.
I'm still very close friends with his first wife, Neile, who is now remarried.
The one they always forget is Brad Dexter.
My opposition to the Vietnam War. I was the first Hollywood actor to speak out against it.
I was studying American politicians who were searching - allegedly - for American communists because it would put them on the front pages of the papers in their home towns.
My belief in God is responsible for what I am... How can I refuse to talk about something which is so much a prt of my life both as a man and as a actor?
I come from a long line of staunch Irish Catholics.
Why do people embrace God? In my opinion, belief in God and an afterlife is a necessary extension of man's need to feel that this life does not end with what we call death.
Man has always needed to believe in some form of a continuity of achievement.
