American,Comedian
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance of turning around three times before lying down.
Why don't you get out of that wet coat and into a dry martini?
The surest way to make a monkey of a man is to quote him.
A real hangover is nothing to try out family remedies on. The only cure for a real hangover is death.
The freelance writer is a man who is paid per piece or per word or perhaps.
There seems to be no lengths to which humorless people will not go to analyze humor. It seems to worry them.
In America there are two classes of travel - first class, and with children.
Anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn't the work he is supposed be doing at that moment.
Opera is where a guy gets stabbed in the back, and instead of dying, he sings.
For a nation which has an almost evil reputation for bustle, bustle, bustle, and rush, rush, rush, we spend an enormous amount of time standing around in line in front of windows, just waiting.
If Mr. Einstein doesn't like the natural laws of the universe, let him go back to where he came from.
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
I know I'm drinking myself to a slow death, but then I'm in no hurry.
Even nowadays a man can't step up and kill a woman without feeling just a bit unchivalrous.
We are constantly being surprised that people did things well before we were born.
In a house where there are small children the bathroom soon takes on the appearance of the Old Curiosity Shop.
Most of the arguments to which I am party fall somewhat short of being impressive, owing to the fact that neither I nor my opponent knows what we are talking about.
There is a note in the front of the volume saying that no public reading may be given without first getting the author's permission. It ought to be made much more difficult to do than that.
A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down.
Other men wear white suits in summer and it doesn't seem to bother them. But my white suit seems to be a little whiter than theirs. I think also that it may have something written on the back of it, although I can't find it when I take the suit off.
Great literature must spring from an upheaval in the author's soul. If that upheaval is not present then it must come from the works of any other author which happens to be handy and easily adapted.
Nothing makes a man feel older than to hear a band coming up the street and not to have the impulse to rush downstairs and out on to the sidewalk.
Tell us your phobias and we will tell you what you are afraid of.
It took me fifteen years to discover I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
An ardent supporter of the hometown team should go to a game prepared to take offense, no matter what happens.
