American,Celebrity
If you believe that weight loss requires self-deprivation, I'm going to teach you otherwise.
Nobody had ever told me junk food was bad for me. Four years of medical school, and four years of internship and residency, and I never thought anything was wrong with eating sweet rolls and doughnuts, and potatoes, and bread, and sweets.
It's so logical and so simple. Fat is the backup fuel system. The role it plays in the body is that when there's no carbohydrate around, fat will become the primary energy fuel. That's pretty well known.
How much obesity has to be created in a single decade for people to realize that diet has to be responsible for it?
The people in power have created an obesity epidemic.
Don't fix what's not broken.
Carbohydrate is the bad guy. You have to see that.
A controlled carbohydrate lifestyle really prevents risk factors for heart disease.
I think that if a person wants to remain vegetarian, they're just going to have to go hungry.
I want the public to know the truth, not every condition affecting the heart comes from a blockage.
Everyone would be healthier if they didn't eat junk food.
I think I can wipe out diabetes.
I eat more vegetables than the average vegetarian.
I was gaining weight very rapidly and read about the idea of restricting carbohydrates as an alternative to going hungry. I had a big appetite, so that was the only thing I would even consider.
My patient population has a low recidivism rate, but if they haven't made up their minds that it is permanent, then of course, they will fail.
There are many, many people who have lost 100 pounds and kept it off.
I weighed 193 pounds and had three chins. I couldn't get up before 9 a.m. and never saw patients before 10. I decided to go on a diet.
A diet should be named after what you do eat, not what you don't eat.
I don't like when people try to put a spin and have a second agenda to make a person look bad.
Food compulsion isn't a character disorder; it's a chemical disorder.
I didn't realise I was going to be fighting the whole world.
I have had cardiomyopathy, which is a non-coronary condition and is in no way related to diet.
Well, I would never do a study because I'm a practicing physician. I mean, all I do is treat people.
You take the healthiest diet in the world, if you gave those people vitamins, they would be twice as healthy. So vitamins are valuable.
Fruit is definitely on the maintenance diet. It's on the lifestyle diet.
