American,Clergyman
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
Turn your scars into stars.
Anybody who succeeds is helping people. The secret to success is find a need and fill it; find a hurt and heal it; find a problem and solve it.
It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it.
Never bring the problem solving stage into the decision making stage. Otherwise, you surrender yourself to the problem rather than the solution.
Again and again, the impossible problem is solved when we see that the problem is only a tough decision waiting to be made.
High achievers spot rich opportunities swiftly, make big decisions quickly and move into action immediately. Follow these principles and you can make your dreams come true.
Negative thinking is subtle and deceptive. It wears many faces and hides behind the mask of excuses. It is important to strip away the mask and discover the real, root emotion.
We all know that a church is not a building.
Some people are at the top of the ladder, some are in the middle, still more are at the bottom, and a whole lot more don't even know there is a ladder.
If you're going to counsel people - and that's all my ministry is, it's a counseling ministry more than anything else - people have to believe that they can trust you and that they can listen to you, that you're going to try to help them and not just politically try to convert them to your views.
If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.
I love my son and am proud of my son.
If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless.
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us. They are essential to really keep us alive.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost.
Today's accomplishments were yesterday's impossibilities.
My family and I would never receive royalties on the revenue that my materials brought into the church; materials that were created on our own personal time.
Jesus never called a human being a sinner.
I'm very proud of all my children. They all have Christian families; they read the Bible; they pray; the kids go to Sunday school; they know the Ten Commandments by heart. That's my greatest honor, and I couldn't do anything to glorify God that could surpass that. That's very meaningful.
A mission is a place where you ask nonbelievers to come and find faith and hope and feel love.
Our greatest lack is not money for any undertaking, but rather ideas, If the ideas are good, cash will somehow flow to where it is needed.
Life is but a moment, death also is but another.
Goals must never be from your ego, but problems that cry for a solution.
It takes guts to get out of the ruts.
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.
The real minister's name that we honor is Jesus, not Schuller.
I was called to start a mission, not a church. There is a difference.
How we express ourselves in worship remains up in the air.
I tell people, 'I was born in a little house at the dead end of a dirt road that had no name and no number, and you can go anywhere from nowhere.'
I think that there are cancers of the body, but I think they are what I would call cancer of the emotional system, too. These are the kind of diseases or illnesses or sicknesses of the emotional system that are as incurable as cancer.
Probably the one Bible passage that is read by Jews and Roman Catholics, Protestants, Islam, more than any other chapter is Psalm 23. And in Psalm 23 there is a verse that says, 'Surely, yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.'
I have said to people I have six children, one son, four daughters, and a church.
I think a good pastor is somebody who is honest and humble and has a really caring heart.
When an opportunity comes, it holds possibilities. And when you move away from it or don't sense it or grasp it, you're really throwing away your future; you're throwing away your tomorrow.
I want to build friendships. I want to come across as being a good illustration of what Jesus is like.
I have a reputation worldwide of being tolerant of all people and their views. I'm too well-educated to criticize a certain religion or group of people for what they believe in. It's called freedom.
The Crystal Cathedral is not an attempt to be an architectural ego-statement. It's probably the ultimate spiritual and psychological statement that could be made in architectural terms.
I built my church on Easter services, Christmas Eve services, and Norman Vincent Peale.
There is a quiet place in Hawaii where, for over thirty years, I've gone to draw inspiration and write many of my books.
I have had more honors than I've deserved and more rewards than I expected. It can be tempting just to say, 'Well, I'm going to retire.' But what would I do then? Sit in a chair and watch TV? Don't let fulfillment throw away your tomorrow.
