American,Poet
The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
My sorrow, when she's here with me, thinks these dark days of autumn rain are beautiful as days can be; she loves the bare, the withered tree; she walks the sodden pasture lane.
Forgive me my nonsense, as I also forgive the nonsense of those that think they talk sense.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.
The best way out is always through.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
I'm not confused. I'm just well mixed.
You don't have to deserve your mother's love. You have to deserve your father's.
Freedom lies in being bold.
You can't get too much winter in the winter.
Thinking isn't agreeing or disagreeing. That's voting.
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
The father is always a Republican toward his son, and his mother's always a Democrat.
The only certain freedom's in departure.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office.
A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
Some say the world will end in fire, some say in ice.
The middle of the road is where the white line is - and that's the worst place to drive.
There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.
Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on.
The world is full of willing people; some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
The figure a poem makes. It begins in delight and ends in wisdom... in a clarification of life - not necessarily a great clarification, such as sects and cults are founded on, but in a momentary stay against confusion.
College is a refuge from hasty judgment.
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.
Poetry is about the grief. Politics is about the grievance.
If one by one we counted people out For the least sin, it wouldn't take us long To get so we had no one left to live with. For to be social is to be forgiving.
Always fall in with what you're asked to accept. Take what is given, and make it over your way. My aim in life has always been to hold my own with whatever's going. Not against: with.
Education is hanging around until you've caught on.
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering.
We love things we love what they are.
A civilized society is one which tolerates eccentricity to the point of doubtful sanity.
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.
Talking is a hydrant in the yard and writing is a faucet upstairs in the house. Opening the first takes the pressure off the second.
You have freedom when you're easy in your harness.
Being the boss anywhere is lonely. Being a female boss in a world of mostly men is especially so.
And were an epitaph to be my story I'd have a short one ready for my own. I would have written of me on my stone: I had a lover's quarrel with the world.
One aged man - one man - can't fill a house.
I often say of George Washington that he was one of the few in the whole history of the world who was not carried away by power.
I never dared to be radical when young for fear it would make me conservative when old.
Two such as you with such a master speed, cannot be parted nor be swept away, from one another once you are agreed, that life is only life forevermore, together wing to wing and oar to oar.
I'd just as soon play tennis with the net down.
I go to school the youth to learn the future.
Modern poets talk against business, poor things, but all of us write for money. Beginners are subjected to trial by market.
To be social is to be forgiving.
I would have written of me on my stone: I had a lover's quarrel with the world.
Humor is the most engaging cowardice.
The artist in me cries out for design.
To be a poet is a condition, not a profession.
Style is that which indicates how the writer takes himself and what he is saying. It is the mind skating circles around itself as it moves forward.
I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn.
I alone of English writers have consciously set myself to make music out of what I may call the sound of sense.
Nobody was ever meant, To remember or invent, What he did with every cent.
You can be a rank insider as well as a rank outsider.
The best things and best people rise out of their separateness; I'm against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise.
Pressed into service means pressed out of shape.
The chief reason for going to school is to get the impression fixed for life that there is a book side for everything.
Hell is a half-filled auditorium.
Poets are like baseball pitchers. Both have their moments. The intervals are the tough things.
They would not find me changed from him they knew - only more sure of all I thought was true.
The worst disease which can afflict executives in their work is not, as popularly supposed, alcoholism; it's egotism.
A successful lawsuit is the one worn by a policeman.
Space ails us moderns: we are sick with space.
