American,Businessman
Envy and jealousy are incurable diseases.
A lot of people have their big dreams and get knocked down and don't have things go their way. And you never give up hope, and you really just hold on to it. Hard work and perserverance. You just keep getting up and getting up, and then you get that breakthrough.
Sometimes, life is unfair, and you have to suck it up and move on and not use it as an excuse.
Hang out with good people, do good things, and always put the team first.
Anyone who starts piercing the bubble of happiness, get 'em out of your life.
One of my beliefs about leadership is it's not how many followers you have, but how many people you have with different opinions that you can bring together and try to be a good listener.
When you do well, everybody's after you, and sometimes the motives are legitimate, and sometimes it's envy and jealousy.
It's not the great stars that win; it's the great teams that win. It's the teams that subjugate their ego to the team and put the team first.
I'm not a Starbucks guy. I'm a Dunkin Donuts guy, but I like to pay for the coffee of the other folks behind me in line. It typically costs me less than $10, and makes the other people feel good, but more importantly, it makes me feel so good, and random acts of kindness change the world one person at a time.
You don't have to wait for a tragedy to occur to rush to help those in need.
I'm driven by my passion - my family, my philanthropy, and the New England Patriots winning. That's my life.
People are tweeting, texting, and e-mailing - and not connecting. There are very few ways for communities to come together. It happens at concerts and at sporting events.
That whole concept of team and teamwork and team first - that's how Israel, in my opinion, has survived in the Middle East.
I think we're living in a world where there are no boundaries anymore. There are no borders.
Tom Brady is a person of great integrity and is a great ambassador of the game both on and off the field.
When I was graduating from college, the things I valued most were family, faith, and philanthropy. I refer to them as the three f's, phonetically speaking.
If you want to win in this league, you need quality depth management, in the age of the salary cap.
I really don't hold grudges. I mean, I remember everything, but I move on.
If you're running businesses anywhere in the world, people who really do well are the people who have mental toughness.
Leadership is about having the courage to go against the advice of the so-called experts and doing what your instinct tells you is right.
If I've had any modicum of success, it's because I've had good relationships, and people trusted me.
Working class people and lower income people we have to help more.
I'm passionate about owning a football team in my hometown.
I'm a pretty strong person.
Loyalty and friendship trumps politics for me.
To be successful in football, you have to do things that put the team first. Everyone has to play their role, and if they don't do it, you're not going to win.
