American,Philosopher
The study of the art of motorcycle maintenance is really a miniature study of the art of rationality itself. Working on a motorcycle, working well, caring, is to become part of a process, to achieve an inner peace of mind. The motorcycle is primarily a mental phenomenon.
Boredom always precedes a period of great creativity.
If you run from technology, it will chase you.
To live for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top.
Traditional scientific method has always been at the very best, 20 - 20 hindsight. It's good for seeing where you've been. It's good for testing the truth of what you think you know, but it can't tell you where you ought to go.
The only Zen you can find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top.
The Buddha resides as comfortably in the circuits of a digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
When somebody goes outside the cultural norms, the culture has to protect itself.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
One geometry cannot be more true than another; it can only be more convenient. Geometry is not true, it is advantageous.
Quality is a direct experience independent of and prior to intellectual abstractions.
We do need a return to individual integrity, self-reliance, and old-fashioned gumption. We really do.
There's no such thing as morality.
For me, a writer should be more like a lighthouse keeper, just out there by himself. He shouldn't get his ideas from other people all around him.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then work outward from there.
We keep passing unseen through little moments of other people's lives.
The funny thing about insane people is that it is kind of the opposite of being a celebrity. Nobody envies you.
Why, for example, should a group of simple, stable compounds of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen struggle for billions of years to organise themselves into a professor of chemistry? What's the motive?
Up until my first book was published, I had all this potential, people would say, and I screwed up. After it, I could say: 'No, I didn't screw up.'
The solutions all are simple - after you have arrived at them. But they're simple only when you know already what they are.
Even in the presence of others he was completely alone.
It's the dualistic ways of looking at things that produces the evil.
It is a puzzling thing. The truth knocks on the door and you say, 'Go away, I'm looking for the truth,' and so it goes away. Puzzling.
Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food.
