American,Actor
If I could eat whatever I wanted every day, I would have Domino's pizza with pasta carbonara inside every slice. And at night, I would have Neapolitan ice cream until I felt absolutely toxic. And then I would drift off telling myself, 'It's going to be O.K... It's going to be O.K. you're going to train in the morning.'
I think that we all do heroic things, but hero is not a noun, it's a verb.
Do I want to be a hero to my son? No. I would like to be a very real human being. That's hard enough.
The lesson is that you can still make mistakes and be forgiven.
I think that the power is the principle. The principle of moving forward, as though you have the confidence to move forward, eventually gives you confidence when you look back and see what you've done.
Life is just so painful and messy and hard and worth it and all that stuff.
Dad's Jewish and Irish, Mom's German and Scotch. I couldn't say I was anything. My last name isn't even Downey. My dad changed his name when he wanted to get into the Army and was underage. My real name is Robert Elias. I feel like I'm still looking for a home in some way.
I think I just never wanted to be the creepy guy where people say, 'Why do his leading ladies keep getting younger and younger, and why do they think he's so hot even though we know that the girl who's playing this part actually has a handsome boyfriend?'
I think you end up doing the stuff you were supposed to do at the time you were supposed to do it.
Sometimes you just gotta be drop-kicked out of the nest.
Acting is the most wildly overpaid position imaginable.
I'm not particularly tall, strong, fast, or aggressive.
I think life changes every year. This is just a little more comfortable.
I'm very good at deconstructing. I'm a very good troubleshooter for why something is unlikely to work. And most everything is unlikely to work.
I always think part of success is being able to replicate results, taking what is interesting or viable about yourself as a professional person and seeing if you bring it into different situations with similar results.
Nothing's a break for me. Not even the breaks are breaks.
I don't want to be so confident in myself.
I just don't like big guys who speak cryptically and act like they understand the language better than me.
I loved it, it's such fun. I like that people are seeing it and then talking about it. Like when I took my son and his friends to see Napoleon Dynamite last year, we spent the next six weeks trying to explain it.
Acting is always a challenge.
With a terrible script you hustle and try to make it better. But with a good script it can be trouble because you rest on your laurels, so to speak, you think it's going to translate easily.
I guess the issue for me is to keep things dynamic.
I want to give myself the freedom not to have to be projecting my whole life ahead.
I've noticed that worrying is like praying for what you don't want to happen.
I take some pride in... representing myself exactly how I would like to have my son remember me to his kids.
There are some parents who have really done it right and told their kid, 'You know, we have this dough, none of this is for you. You have to get your own.'
If you're raised with a poverty mentality, nothing is going to change it. I do know some really stingy billionaires. I come from such a generation of hand-to-mouthers.
In movies, people seem to be more emotional than they would ever be if that situation was actually happening to them.
All I want, and I think all any parent with a semblance of a moral psychology wants, is for my kid to have his own experience, uninhibited.
I grew up with a lot of people whose whole prime mover was dad rage. I never really had it - it always seemed so empty. It always seemed to be masking something else, which was really their own lack of initiative.
'Shaggy Dog' was a very, very important movie for me. It was a very enjoyable experience.
In the marathon obstacle course of a career, it's just good to have all the stats on paper for why you're not only a team player but also why it makes sense to support you in the projects you want to do - because you've made so much damned money for the studio.
