American,Author
I was first in line for the iPhone, but I'm not a fanboy of any company - I'm in favor of anything that's best of breed.
I've seen this over and over again: people love it if you step up their experience. No one turns down an upgrade to business class in a plane.
It's not enough to have a hacker culture anymore. You have to have a design culture, too.
Link to your competitors and say nice things about them. Remember, you're part of an industry.
Apple knows a lot of data. Facebook knows a lot of data. Amazon knows a lot of data. Microsoft used to, and still does with some people, but in the newer world, Microsoft knows less and less about me. Xbox still knows a lot about people who play games. But those are the big five, I guess.
There's smarter people than me. But you cannot have any one guy running 18 billion-dollar businesses. It just doesn't make sense to me. I've met some extraordinary leaders in my time. They struggle with running one billion-dollar business.
The problem is Twitter is designing the metaphorical equivalent of a Toyota Prius. A car for the masses. While I want a Formula One race car.
I always tell people, start with what you're passionate about. If you truly are passionate, you'll keep it up.
The people who can step up my experience are those who have a common set of experiences with people I know. Think about it. How often did a total stranger come into your life to make your evening better? Not very often. But the friend of your friend? That happens all the time.
There is a shirt company that is making sensors that go into your clothing. They will watch how you sit, run or ski and give data on that information.
Turn on all security features like two-factor authentication. People who do that generally don't get hacked. Don't care? You will when you get hacked. Do the same for your email and other social services, too.
My favorite computer of all time? The Apple II that got me started, of course.
I got lucky because my dad moved us to Silicon Valley before it really was known worldwide as an important tech hub.
At Rackspace, I'm building a media house which will celebrate small teams who are having world-wide impacts through their building or use of new technology.
With the advent of wearable technology, companies will soon be able to better provide ads to customers based on their real-time activity.
We are moving into a world where companies will be able to offer us products and services based on our last two hours of activity. This is both exciting and frightening at the same time.
Apple has hundreds of stores around the world that are beautiful, and they have a distribution system and a staff of 40 or 50 people that will help you.
I happen to be fortunate: I live in San Francisco, and I can afford a $600 phone. Or two of them!
This is what Steve Jobs understood: Brands are defined not by the best thing on the product but by the worst thing.
The problem with Microsoft is that it's so committee-driven and slow.
Let's be honest - you work at a big company because it's comfortable. You don't have to work 80 hours per week, and you get paid, have nice benefits, and the family is all happy.
You see 6,000 times more tech companies in San Francisco than you see in Seattle. All the money is in San Francisco when you look at the venture fund maps. The PR is in San Francisco. The centricity of the industry is in San Francisco.
I do not see Windows Phones anywhere in the world except Seattle.
I'd try to become known as a world expert on 'something,' to take a small niche you can define.
I knew tech was going to be increasingly important in my lifetime, so I focused on it early.
Once you become known for one thing, it's easy to become known for a second thing, a third thing, and a fourth thing.
I counted how many seconds it takes to get my smartphone out of my pocket, open it up, find the camera app, wait for it to load, and then take a photo. Six to 12 seconds.
Everything you do on Facebook will affect what comes in your view in the future. If you like crappy things that you don't care about, you'll see more crappy brands that you don't care about in the future, and it might even affect your experiences when you walk into bars, churches, schools, shopping malls, etc.
Facebook is teachable. If you hide items, you'll see fewer of those kinds of items in the future. Like more items, and you'll see more of those in the future.
Facebook is looking to help you distribute content to who you want to distribute to. Facebook gets a lot better if you put each of your friends into either your 'close friend' or 'acquaintance' list.
The contextual age means we're going to have to go to war on noise.
I want Facebook to pick the best 20 items to show me every single time I refresh that screen.
Oh, some day I'll tell you about why I wrote more than 1,500 Gmail filters. They throw away more than 300 emails every day. Every day. It's the best thing I ever did for my productivity.
IOS users tend to be ones that really care about being online all the time. They also tend to be willing to pay for that. You might say they are richer users, which is partially true.
Apple, at its best, isn't a technology leader.
Everyone is on Facebook. It is very rare that I can't find a startup. Out of the 72 Y Combinator startups, almost all of them were on Facebook.
It's amazing that about 10% of startups couldn't be found on Facebook because they had common names or names that weren't searchable.
Use photos and videos often. The best startups post lots of imagery and videos. The worst ones? Text only.
It's amazing when I walk through an expo hall and can't figure out what a company does just by walking past its booth.
The more Zuckerberg knows about you, the more media he will be able to bring you.
