American,Musician
We're from Rockford, Illinois, but we've always thought international.
I think maybe we were just a little bit overdone. It was saturated. People may have gotten tired of us. We were everywhere, all the time.
My father was indeed a musician, but he was a weekend warrior. He was a welder, actually, and worked all his life at the Ironworks in Beloit Wisconsin, and he played in a swing band on weekends.
To me, it's like, what's good for me is good for Cheap Trick... and what's good for Rick is good for Cheap Trick, and so on... and that's the thing.
I'd say it's harder to play with an acoustic guitar strapped over your shoulder for a few hundred people than it is to play in front of thousands with an entire bombastic band behind you.
After all these years, I still get nervous in front of people. I can't help it. I just, you know, I want it to be a good show, and I want people to get their money's worth.
I'm a casual F1 racing fan. I'm probably more of a stock car, NASCAR guy.
I was a young boy. A stock car guy used to live across the street from us. He'd work on his car, and both of my older brothers became gearheads.
I'm not a guitar collector. I own some guitars because I play.
I used to collect comic books. I had a substantial collection. I collect records also, but those have gone the way of the world.
Country music is worldwide - it's not just Nashville and Texas.
Everybody has a country side to them, as I do.
It's rare that anybody gets in the Hall of Fame, and to be nominated is good enough for me.
We've always been kind of an underground band in a way that had the respect of our peers on the road. I like to say we're the world's most famous opening act because we've opened for every huge band on the planet.
I hope the best for anybody in this business. It's hard enough as it is, and of course you don't get much respect from anybody, but when you do, you should appreciate it.
We've been around, and we've stayed around, and we go out, and people still enjoy listening to us, and we still sell a lot of tickets, so what do I got to complain about? Nothing.
'Dream Police' was in the can and ready to go when 'Budokan' started taking off worldwide, sales-wise.
I could do James Taylor, Neil Young, and sound just like them.
I'm a chameleon. That's my personality in the band.
Early on, I was into David Bowie. Then someone in the band suggested I try a Bryan Ferry type of thing. That's when I started wearing three-piece suits. It wasn't unnatural for me.
Nobody forced me to look any way. I just exaggerated what was already there.
I think all of our records are a progression of some sort.
Each record is sort of like a brand new baby, where it's your favorite thing at that moment in time.
I remember Robert Plant coming backstage after the first show saying, 'Hey, boys, I should be opening for you.' That felt pretty good.
I think we've got three that we have to play, and that would be 'Surrender,' 'Dream Police' and 'I Want You to Want Me.'
As far as Cheap Trick albums, I like the Red Ant record, which is just called 'Cheap Trick,' from 1997; that's my second-favorite album.
