American,Athlete
In any team sport, the best teams have consistency and chemistry.
Confidence comes from hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication.
Football teaches you hard work. It takes a lot of unspectacular preparation to have spectacular results in both business and football.
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.
Discrimination is a disease.
Nothing good comes in life or athletics unless a lot of hard work has preceded the effort. Only temporary success is achieved by taking short cuts.
Confidence doesn't come out of nowhere. It's a result of something... hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication.
At a car dealership, the person who sells the car is the hero, and also gets the commission. But if the mechanics don't service that car well, the customer won't return.
In the commercial real estate business, brokers spearhead major accounts. But they wouldn't have customers without the people who oversee construction.
Even though they are paid differently, everyone has to feel appreciated.
It was not a friendly game, and Jerry certainly did not have friendliness in his eyes. He had an extra mean streak that day. He was out of control and probably should have been ejected.
Winning isn't getting ahead of others. It's getting ahead of yourself.
There are a lot of people who touch the customer.
It's okay to have personal ambitions, but you have to take someone with you.
As a part owner, I'm going to be not only an admirer... but a nervous wreck.
There's always something special when the service academies play each other that's not in any other game. This is not a regular game, and everyone involved knows that.
I'm excited about being an owner, it's got my competitive juices going. I'm scared, but excited as well.
I hate to admit that. I want to win every race, but I know that's not possible. To be in the top 25 is realistic if we have any luck this year. But anything to be in the chase or something like that is very unrealistic.
In racing, we have a better chance of it happening quicker because we have attracted good people to come to work for us. It's the beginning of a great adventure, and we're looking forward to it.
I have a lot to learn about NASCAR. But I've learned if you have the right people in the right places doing the right things, you can be successful at whatever you do.
If NASCAR racing gets any more exciting, I may not be able to stand it.
At our company, our Design and Construction Consulting Service Team not only helps eliminate the risks inherent in the construction process, they typically save our clients 5% - 10% on overall construction costs. They also help make sure projects come in on time.
I didn't make enough money in my sport to retire.
