American,Businessman
I didn't give up my citizenship to create and run a news organization.
All business is basically about customers and marketing and making money and capitalism and winning and promoting it and having something someone really wants.
I don't have any focus groups on talent and programming. If I need five people in a mall to be paid $40 to tell me how to do my job, I shouldn't do my job.
The news business is simple, but it's not easy to do well.
The contributions being made by Latinos are extraordinary, and we need to talk about them.
I don't ignore anything. Somebody gets in my face, I get in their face.
I want clean water and clean air and conservation... that's not what extreme environmentalists are all about. For them, it is a religion. They believe in trees and animals, not God.
You never pull the trigger until you know you can win.
I look for something unique, and I look for people who haven't reached their potential. I think I'm pretty good at developing talent.
If people know you'll go to any lengths for your client, they're less likely to play games with you.
I go to mass every Sunday, which is a shock to everybody.
Everybody fears the unknown. But I have a strong feeling there's something bigger than us. I don't think all this exists because some rocks happened to collide. I'm at peace. When it comes, I'll be fine, calm. I'll miss life, though. Especially my family.
My doctor told me that I'm old, fat, and ugly, but none of those things is going to kill me immediately.
Obama's the one who never worked a day in his life. He never earned a penny that wasn't public money. How many fund-raisers does he attend every week? How often does he play basketball and golf? I wish I had that kind of time.
When the press falls in love, they fall in love hard.
I was the youngest producer of a national television show when I was twenty-five. I took it to 182 markets. Tremendous success.
'Vanity Fair' is a left-wing rag.
We're losing our freedom of speech. We are losing freedom of religion. We are losing freedom of the press.
CNN International, Al-Jazeera and BBC are the same in how they report mostly that America is wrong and bad.
We're not programming to conservatives. We're just not eliminating their point of view.
I quit politics because I hated it.
I only understand friendship or scorched earth.
Television and I grew up together.
I have a soft spot for Joe Biden. I like him. But he's dumb as an ashtray.
There is a - deep down, underneath all the work I do, I think there's a laziness in me.
I can't stand cruel people. And if I see people doing something mean to somebody else just to make themselves feel important, it really gets me mad.
If you've got a big star like O'Reilly, it does overshadow what the hard-news guys do during the day. That's the nature of television.
My toughest job every day is maintaining intensity with myself and with my staff.
Money will find you if people believe in your message.
I like Bloomberg; he's a friend.
I like Marco Rubio. But I don't know about as a vice-presidential candidate. He's a nice guy, and that role requires kicking the crap out of your opponents.
CNBC was completely in the dumper when I went there.
I'm constantly trying to invent different ways to do things. If you're going to be a television executive, you have to change with the times.
I don't care about my legacy. It's too late. My enemies will create it, and they'll push it.
There are always people that will rise to the occasion when there is no occasion, but it is hard to find people will do it when there is.
I want to prove that a fat guy can get to 100 still working.
I would like to be on 'Dancing with the Stars.'
I've been an underdog all my life.
David Dinkins was a financial disaster personally - and as an administrator. That is what the record shows.
There is a tendency in the media to simplify me to the point that I am somehow a tough guy. I think there is a lot more to me.
In a capitalistic society, success is determined by whether you can pay the bills.
Television is not a gimmick.
People who watch news are pretty smart. Most of them don't just go to one channel for all their news anyway.
I like talent. I respect talent. I teach talent.
I don't tell Rupert Murdoch who to endorse.
If you're making money, and you've hit your targets for five years, you don't need to demand a new contract.
My first qualification is I didn't go to Columbia Journalism School.
I've got a bad leg; I'm a little overweight, so I can't run fast, but I will fight.
I'd like to hire Hillary Clinton. She looks unhappy at the State Department. She'd get ratings.
I don't remember threatening anybody, ever. I don't like threats. I don't respond well to them, so I don't give them. But I'm not a doormat. I try to meet the appropriate level of communications.
If somebody comes to me looking for a fight, they might get one.
What I think works for Fox News is we have a very direct form of communication.
When I was in politics, I always got accused of image-making and trying to make them something they weren't. Truth was - and nobody ever discovered it, although I was in that business for twenty years - what I was trying to do was to get them to be themselves.
I think liberals have a lot of good ideas, actually. But I've been pigeonholed, and I'm quite comfortable with it.
If you're in the Senate and in the minority, you just get to give speeches and run around and raise money. If you're in the majority, you're under attack from the press every day.
My job is to cover the news and do it accurately and fair. And we do.
We're Americans. It's a culture. We should defend that culture, and we should reinforce that culture.
I have a good eye for talent, and my talent performs the best.
I view myself more as a traditionalist than a conservative. But I like the traditions, so I tend to try to keep them alive. But I'm open to any kind of political thought - I don't care - I have people that I don't agree with, and I have good friends I don't agree with, but for me personally, I'm more comfortable with the traditional stuff.
I can't look hip, but I don't want to be hip.
Fox News Latino has a mission to point out the positives of the Latino population, operating within the framework of making America great.
Hispanics who get on government programs are doing only a little better than they were in the old country.
Fox News Latino will show people how opportunities exist, that whenever we are overregulated, or there is too much government, we lose freedom. We lose power. That is, historically, one hundred percent true.
I happen to think that the Latino audience is an essentially traditional audience and will go to Fox News for traditional American values.
Nobody wants to be in a position of defending anything Fox might do for minorities.
Attacking me and Fox News is nothing new - it's a cottage industry.
I don't want my son to have to collect a bunch of 'New York Times' articles to see what I was like.
I did what I did. I went against the grain. And I understand that I would be criticized. Those were all choices.
I've never wanted my kid faced with the idea of, 'Who's the fat guy sitting in the living room? What the hell is he doing?' I figure I might as well go to work so he can say his dad works.
I never want to get caught with not expecting something.
Twitter is a wonderful device. And I call it a device, but there are people that are addicted to it now. That's not good. You're really not very interesting using only so many letters.
I think that 'Fox & Friends' audience is going to increase. That franchise in the morning is very important to any television operation because they make money.
I love pressure situations. I won't run for cover, and I'll try to take as much of the heat as possible. Because I feel I can stand it better than most people.
I never want to lose. I hate to lose... But Babe Ruth struck out 1,300 times. You can't hit the home run every time you come up to bat.
I consider myself a freedom fighter, fighting for my clients.
The difference between pros and amateurs is that pros play hurt.
The NBC News people won't get caught dead on MSNBC.
Giving up your core business in search of a phantom audience is not wise.
The reality is, to watch Jon Stewart, you already have to have watched the news. In other words, it's not funny if he does a joke about John McCain and they don't know who John McCain is.
Yes, people will pay for the Fox News Channel, despite the fact that the general feeling, one created by the Internet, is that everything should be free.
If we look conservative, it's because the other guys are so far to the left.
There are more conservatives on Fox. But we are not a conservative network.
Personally, I'm right of center.
Joe McGinniss will be remembered as a talented man. He changed political writing forever in 1968. We differed on many things, but he had a good heart.
In most news, if you hear a conservative point of view, that's called bias. We believe if you eliminate such a viewpoint, that's bias.
I worked three summers putting in sewer pipe and guardrail on the road in Ohio.
I was in the Oval Office when Neil Armstrong landed on the moon because I was called in to coordinate the coverage. I got to thinking, 'We have a feed from the moon. We've got a feed from the Earth. I can set up the first interplanetary shot in history.'
We didn't have locks in the early 1940s because nobody got into anybody's house, and nobody did anything wrong.
You just don't go out when you're over 55 years of age, have a colossal failure, and expect to find work in your field again.
I hired Sarah Palin because she was hot and got ratings.
I don't rise to the occasion when there's no occasion.
Wolf Blitzer is an excellent reporter, but he's not a star.
I'm a great believer in giving people a chance.
I know there are limits to what a coach can accomplish in improving speechmaking unless the subject is a diligent student of himself.
