American,Author
One of the very nice things about investing in the stock market is that you learn about all different aspects of the economy. It's your window into a very large world.
Mutual funds have historically offered safety and diversification. And they spare you the responsibility of picking individual stocks.
You don't want too much fear in a market, because people will be blinded to some very good buying opportunities. You don't want too much complacency because people will be blinded to some risk.
I think those who invest in mutual funds want someone else to do the thinking for them. But the fact that they can move the money around the family of mutual funds just through a phone call lets them feel that they can play tycoons.
I'm a biographer; I can live with a little hyperbole.
Mutual funds give people the sense that they're investing with the big boys and that they're really not at a disadvantage entering the stock market.
As a bull market continues, almost anything you buy goes up. It makes you feel that investing in stocks is a very easy and safe and that you're a financial genius.
I have developed a very strong partiality for the dead: they don't talk back, they don't sue, and they don't have angry relatives.
Any bull market covers a multitude of sins, so there may be all sorts of problems with the current system that we won't see until the bear market comes.
What I find very interesting about the mutual funds managers is that here are people who are the new masters of the universe. They're managing billions, yet they're subject to this quiet daily tyranny of numbers.
Hamilton had one of those extraordinary 18th-century minds that touched on virtually every major topic of the day.
There were two qualities about the mutual funds of the 1920s that made them extremely speculative. One was that they were heavily leveraged. Two, mutual funds were allowed to invest in other mutual funds.
The best argument for mutual funds is that they offer safety and diversification. But they don't necessarily offer safety and diversification.
I don't think that a mutual fund that invests exclusively in biotech start-ups or invests exclusively in companies in Thailand offers any great safety or diversification.
As the bull market goes on, people who take great risks achieve great rewards, seemingly without punishment. It's like crime without punishment or sex without sin.
Stock market corrections, although painful at the time, are actually a very healthy part of the whole mechanism, because there are always speculative excesses that develop, particularly during the long bull market.
That strategy of buy and hold, which is the sound and sensible one for the individual, can have very dangerous and perverse effects for the market as a whole.
The American public historically was really not part of the stock market.
If you go back to the time of J.P. Morgan, the world of high finance was completely wholesale. The prestigious investment banks on Wall Street appealed exclusively to large corporations, governments, and to extremely wealthy individuals.
In the 1920s, Wall Street was a world that was really dominated by professional speculators and stock pools. These people had a monopoly over information.
The securities laws of the 1930s were so important because it forced companies to file registration statements and issue prospectuses, and it remedied the imbalance of information.
After 1929, so many people had been traumatized by the stock market crash that there was a lost generation.
In the 1920s you could buy stocks on margin. You could put 10 percent down and borrow the rest against your stocks.
When news of the crash came, probably a lot of people in small towns and farms across America felt a sense of grim satisfaction that the sinners had finally been punished for their wicked ways.
I think one of the important things that's happened in the course of the century is that life expectancy has doubled.
The public has lost faith in the ability of Social Security and Medicare to provide for old age. They've lost faith in the banking system and in conventional medical insurance.
