American,Actor
I think now that I'm in the autumn of my life, and I'm getting a chance of having an overview and looking at the shape of how things happen, when things happen, why things happen, I think it was fitting that I spent most of my early career doing mask work, because I just don't think I was that comfortable in my own skin.
I'm continuing to do research into biker culture.
Living off the grid and being kind of an outlaw brings a dangerous reality.
My self-confidence didn't come from my appearance, it came from other things that I did. But certainly not my appearance.
I'm just trying to make up for lost times, and I have total awareness that when the work is coming it doesn't mean it's going to continue to come, so I'm taking advantage of this phenomenal period that I'm in now, to its fullest.
Distortions control my self-image, like they do for a lot of us. It's irrational.
I'm thankful to be breathing, on this side of the grass. Whatever comes, comes.
I feel as though my criteria are based more on how challenging the role is, it doesn't have to fit into any particular profile, is it something that I've never done before, and is it something that I feel like I can really feel challenged and therefore fully engaged in, and that's when the work gets to be the most fun.
Every job has a unique situational circumstance.
Every time you get on a stage or in front of a camera, the whole exercise is about imagination. You're constantly depicting something that doesn't exist, and trying to find the reality of it. Once you settle on that premise, everything else is a matter of degrees.
I just think that there are those people that their resolve is strengthened by what it is that's keeping them down, and there are some people that will buckle under it. You never know which one is which until you get into the eighth or ninth round of the fight.
I lost 90 pounds and my blood pressure went down to a normal level and the salt in my urine disappeared. And that was when I had to make the transition from fat character actor to thin character actor.
I never direct myself, because I don't like working with me. I would punch me in the mouth if I had to take my direction.
I think there are a lot of technocrats in the business who would much rather work with just wheels and gears and machinery. Those things interest them more than humanity and I wish them the best of luck.
I will not do a role that I don't think I can do, that I'm not interested in, where there's no humanity, that doesn't have any kind of handle for me at all because I know I'll just stink the joint up.
I've never worked with a tail, that I can remember. But there's so much I can't remember.
The great thing about arriving at this age is that I don't even care about my career anymore.
Yeah, it's nice to get paid for therapy rather than having to pay $240 an hour for it.
You draw on your own childhood every time you tee it up as an actor.
You can change the circumstances but you can never change man's inner nature.
I'm a city boy.
Some of the great characters that I've played had to be transformational.
So much of my aesthetic was formed by my dad.
I live in a bubble.
You know, I don't read the blogs, or go on the internet, and I really just don't know what people are saying because... well I guess I'm afraid to.
Somebody who doesn't care if they live or die is the most dangerous human being on earth.
I love great animation.
Let me put it this way: I definitely need to understand the villains I play. The best cause pain to anesthetize themselves against their own pain.
I like to believe that everyone is born with the same skill set, and that it is the influences that one comes upon.
If something strikes me as insane and unjust, I cannot tolerate that.
I don't ever want to be comfortable with anything I'm doing.
I don't think that I've had a career like anyone else's, but there are hosts and hosts of actors whose careers I admire.
1% of the population has all the money and the other 99% have nothing.
