American
I'd be 100 percent supportive of a minimum wage - kind of industry specific, maybe regionally specific - for guest workers, so that we're not creating incentives for employers to bring in immigrants to lower the price of labor.
There is something that happens when victims and offenders meet. Offenders and victims are able to see each other as human beings, with names and families.
With honest discussion, free speech, let people's voices be heard.
How many people are moving up toward the Antarctica, or the Arctic? Most people move down to Texas and Florida, where it's a little bit warmer.
There are a lot of young kids serving in Washington, D.C.: kids that are smart, hard-working, but they've never farmed. They've never run a business. They've never been in the private sector. They went from high school into college and right into Washington, D.C.
I believe the U.S. has been way too silent on the brutality, the lack of human rights in the Muslim world for women.
The whole climate change debate gives - and there are all kinds of quotes from adherents of and promoters of climate change - the reason they're doing it is it's such a great opportunity to control, you know, pretty much, government, and control your lives.
Never denied climate change. It has always changed and always will.
The people that are proposing banning assault weapons, well, first of all they're already banned. Assault weapon is a fully automatic, those are already banned.
If you're an Islamic terrorist, probably the last program I'd use to try to get into this country is the refugee program.
This is nothing negative about the other candidates. It's just a recognition of the fact that Governor Romney has won more delegates. He's the only person that really has a chance to take the winning number of delegates into the convention.
We have seven months before the election. Our top priority as fiscal conservatives is to make sure President Obama retires.
We need different perspectives here in Washington - someone who has private-sector experience, somebody who's actually created jobs, manufactures products, understands the incentives and disincentives, the intended and unintended consequences of legislation.
I don't respect phoniness.
George H.W. Bush assembled a 'coalition of the willing.' We need to do that again.
I realize the voters elected President Obama in 2012, but they also, in 2014, elected enough Republican senators to gain a majority in the Senate, so we control the confirmation process. And these are two supposedly coequal branches of government involved in this filling of a Supreme Court vacancy.
I think justice Scalia is really the gold standard of what a justice should be. Somebody, regardless of how he feels on an issue, is going to look at the text of the Constitution, look at the text of the law, and make his judgment.
One of the promises I made when I ran was, I'll never vote with my reelection in mind.
We certainly should support both parties having observers at the polling stations to make sure that neither side does anything that allowed a fraudulent vote. That's a very healthy check on the process.
The best way to prevent the homegrown-inspired attacks is literally positive engagement with Muslim communities. Making sure that any immigrant population that comes into America assimilates, becomes part of our culture. That has been our history; it has made us strong.
I want to err on the side of constitutional liberty and freedom.
The fairest and most democratic process in terms of Supreme Court nominees is let the American people have a voice.
I think people realize I'm truly an outsider.
You don't get further outside than I do going into Washington, D.C.
Donald Trump's a change agent. So am I.
As long as ISIS is not overtly losing, they'll continue to be perceived as winners.
I have to - I think an endorsement is something incredibly important. I would never do it just strategically. I would have to have full confidence that I have got no questions about the person.
It's more complex than just slapping up a wall. We have got to take a look at all the complexities in terms of eliminating the incentives for illegal immigration.
In Wisconsin, we have got a lot of agricultural products that are exported. We have a lot of manufacturing products that are exported. I don't want to engage in a trade war.
I'm going to be voting for Donald Trump. I'm going to do everything I can to make sure he wins.
You could establish along the zones of the coast of the Caribbean in Honduras gorgeous resorts zones. If we could help them do that, they could start rebuilding their economy.
Washington treats Social Security like a Ponzi scheme.
There is a real problem in terms of the refugee flow, the ability of ISIS to infiltrate those refugee flows, our inability to track them.
We do not have a secure border on our southern flank.
You can't call ISIS the JV team. You can't say that they're contained. Sure, we've had some success, but we have not defeated them.
I'm not a political pundit.
I'm an accountant. I'm a manufacturer from Oshkosh, Wisconsin, who stepped up to the plate, and now I'm a U.S. senator.
Debt ceiling is something that, you know, any time the president asks for the authority to increase the debt ceiling, the debt burden on our children and grandchildren, I think that requires a pretty serious discussion, robust debate.
If we weren't running deficits, if we weren't spending more than we were taking in, there would be no reason whatsoever to increase the debt ceiling.
If you manage things properly - and, listen, I'm a business guy. I've got to prioritize spending in all my business career to prevent my business from going bankrupt. The federal government has got to start doing that eventually as well.
What we should be doing is responsibly addressing the primary drivers of our debt and deficit issues.
Vladimir Putin is only going to respond to action, strength, and resolve. He's not going to respond to words.
The only area that I would agree with minimum wage is in immigration reform, the guest worker program.
In the general economy, you get government involved in making market decisions - first of all, they're going to get it wrong. For a minimum wage, you will actually reduce the number of jobs available.
What you don't want to do - if you're concerned about poverty, if you're concerned about providing opportunity - you don't want to rip the bottom rung of the ladder of opportunity away from people.
In an era of unprecedented medical innovation, we have to do more to ensure that patients facing terminal illnesses have access to potentially life-saving treatments.
Many of us have felt that sense of desperation - of urgency - when we learn that we or someone we love is fighting for their life.
We actually do need a federal government, but we need a limited one.
Any president is going to need extremely good advisers.
I am the epitome of a citizen legislator.
People oftentimes refer to me as 'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington.' So, I'm Mr. Johnson. I'm a complete outsider.
You turn people around, one person at a time.
You always want to help people out.
When I feel there's a door open, you always walk through it.
Successful ideas, they snowball.
When I joined the Senate in January 2011, I raised my right hand, placed my left hand on the Bible, and swore a solemn oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. Defending the constitutional domain of the branch of government in which I serve is an obligation of that oath.
The Obama administration has an undeniable pattern of using regulatory overreach and intimidation to further its political aims.
The Obama administration's hostility to school choice programs is well known.
The outrages surrounding the Benghazi attack involve administration action - or lack of action - before, during, and after the attack.
When it comes to judicial nominations, President Barack Obama and Senate Democrats are fond of reminding Republicans that elections have consequences.
Unlike Obama and the Senate Democrats, I respect the will of Wisconsin's voters.
For nearly five years, I worked with Marquette University Law School and helped to administrate a community crime prevention initiative called Safe Streets. We used restorative justice practices to help reduce crime and violence in the Milwaukee community.
All the time, you take a look at what government rules are, so you can minimize the impact of government regulations. That's just smart business.
I think it's extremely important that the citizens of Wisconsin know the positions I'm taking.
I've certainly honored the two promises I made: Always tell you the truth; never vote with my re-election in mind.
Career politicians manufacture hogwash.
In 2010, there were 57 lawyers, zero manufacturers, and way too many career politicians in the United States Senate.
Fixing this broken system will take the perspective of someone who has actually solved problems. 31 years of manufacturing taught me how.
We are in perilous territory the stronger Iran gets. And they're getting stronger. We should make them weaker.
I've been working like a dog as a United States senator.
Russ Feingold is a career politician. He's addicted to it.
I created jobs. Russ Feingold, during that same approximate 30 years, what did he do? He built government. He built it larger and more intrusive.
What we do not need are career politicians that simply run for office to be somebody with a big title. We don't need that.
We have demagogues on all sides of the political spectrum. It's not helpful. It's destructive. It's harmful. So, I don't like demagoguery whether it comes from the left, it comes from the right.
