American,President
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same.
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
If we love our country, we should also love our countrymen.
Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face.
There are no constraints on the human mind, no walls around the human spirit, no barriers to our progress except those we ourselves erect.
The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.
Trust, but verify.
We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions.
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.
I never drink coffee at lunch. I find it keeps me awake for the afternoon.
Government's view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving, subsidize it.
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.
Freedom prospers when religion is vibrant and the rule of law under God is acknowledged.
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
There are no easy answers, but there are simple answers. We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right.
The trouble with our Liberal friends is not that they're ignorant; it's just that they know so much that isn't so.
I've often said there's nothing better for the inside of a man than the outside of a horse.
Each generation goes further than the generation preceding it because it stands on the shoulders of that generation. You will have opportunities beyond anything we've ever known.
We will always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be prepared, so we will always be free.
Before I refuse to take your questions, I have an opening statement.
How do you tell a communist? Well, it's someone who reads Marx and Lenin. And how do you tell an anti-Communist? It's someone who understands Marx and Lenin.
They say the world has become too complex for simple answers. They are wrong.
One picture is worth 1,000 denials.
A people free to choose will always choose peace.
It's silly talking about how many years we will have to spend in the jungles of Vietnam when we could pave the whole country and put parking stripes on it and still be home by Christmas.
Governments tend not to solve problems, only to rearrange them.
One way to make sure crime doesn't pay would be to let the government run it.
I favor the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and it must be enforced at gunpoint if necessary.
Man is not free unless government is limited.
The greatest security for Israel is to create new Egypts.
Facts are stubborn things.
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. Government programs, once launched, never disappear. Actually, a government bureau is the nearest thing to eternal life we'll ever see on this earth!
My fellow Americans, I am pleased to tell you I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever. The bombing begins in five minutes.
Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves.
Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence.
History teaches that war begins when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap.
Let us not forget who we are. Drug abuse is a repudiation of everything America is.
Without God, democracy will not and cannot long endure.
Some people wonder all their lives if they've made a difference. The Marines don't have that problem.
We're in greater danger today than we were the day after Pearl Harbor. Our military is absolutely incapable of defending this country.
To sit back hoping that someday, some way, someone will make things right is to go on feeding the crocodile, hoping he will eat you last - but eat you he will.
If the federal government had been around when the Creator was putting His hand to this state, Indiana wouldn't be here. It'd still be waiting for an environmental impact statement.
Entrepreneurs and their small enterprises are responsible for almost all the economic growth in the United States.
Democracy is worth dying for, because it's the most deeply honorable form of government ever devised by man.
The taxpayer - that's someone who works for the federal government but doesn't have to take the civil service examination.
To paraphrase Winston Churchill, I did not take the oath I have just taken with the intention of presiding over the dissolution of the world's strongest economy.
Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'.
Thomas Jefferson once said, 'We should never judge a president by his age, only by his works.' And ever since he told me that, I stopped worrying.
Going to college offered me the chance to play football for four more years.
Today, if you invent a better mousetrap, the government comes along with a better mouse.
No matter what time it is, wake me, even if it's in the middle of a Cabinet meeting.
Of the four wars in my lifetime, none came about because the U.S. was too strong.
Protecting the rights of even the least individual among us is basically the only excuse the government has for even existing.
The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I want the job.
Latinos are Republican. They just don't know it yet.
While I take inspiration from the past, like most Americans, I live for the future.
Government always finds a need for whatever money it gets.
How can a president not be an actor?
We can not play innocents abroad in a world that is not innocent.
People do not make wars; governments do.
A tree's a tree. How many more do you need to look at?
Politics I supposed to be the second-oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
Today we did what we had to do. They counted on America to be passive. They counted wrong.
We should declare war on North Vietnam. We could pave the whole country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.
You can tell alot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.
Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders.
I've never been able to understand why a Republican contributor is a 'fat cat' and a Democratic contributor of the same amount of money is a 'public-spirited philanthropist'.
It's difficult to believe that people are still starving in this country because food isn't available.
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.
Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty.
No mother would ever willingly sacrifice her sons for territorial gain, for economic advantage, for ideology.
We might come closer to balancing the Budget if all of us lived closer to the Commandments and the Golden Rule.
Politics is just like show business. You have a hell of an opening, coast for a while, and then have a hell of a close.
What we have found in this country, and maybe we're more aware of it now, is one problem that we've had, even in the best of times, and that is the people who are sleeping on the grates, the homeless, you might say, by choice.
You know, if I listened to Michael Dukakis long enough, I would be convinced we're in an economic downturn and people are homeless and going without food and medical attention and that we've got to do something about the unemployed.
Violence has been Nicaragua's most important export to the world.
If the Soviet Union let another political party come into existence, they would still be a one-party state, because everybody would join the other party.
It doesn't do good to open doors for someone who doesn't have the price to get in. If he has the price, he may not need the laws. There is no law saying the Negro has to live in Harlem or Watts.
You are Mrs. Reagan because Mr. Reagan loves you with all his heart.
Mad or glad, Mr. Reagan is head over heels in love with Mrs. Reagan and can't even imagine a world without her - He loves her.
