American,Actress
There were certainly things I was scared to do, but I never thought I wasn't up for the challenge.
I've been trying to really live in the moment because I will never get this part of it back. As soon as the movie comes out, everyone will turn it into what they believe it is, so I've really been trying to appreciate every minute of now. Because I know what's coming.
There's a certain way people are used to seeing nude women, and that's in a submissive, coy pose, not looking at the camera. And in this poster, I'm looking dead into the camera with no expression on my face. I think it freaks a lot of people out.
I am very slow to warm. I've always been sort of a loner. I didn't play team sports. I am better one-on-one than in big groups.
I can understand wanting to be invisible and mistrusting people and wanting to understand everything before you engage with the world.
Now I literally roll out of bed and put on whatever is there. I have really enjoyed being a boy this last year.
I'm not at all funny. I can do dark comedy pretty well, but straight-up comedy, I don't know. I'm much darker. I've been like that since I was 3 years old.
One of the things that make our version that much more heartbreaking is that even though I am playing a 24-year-old I look much younger. I look like a child.
The more people know about you, the less they can project who you are supposed to be. It's unfortunate that you really only get one shot at that.
I always wanted to be an actor, but I was always fighting it. It never seemed that honorable to me, and I guess I was always afraid that I might fail.
If there is one thing about my family that I do identify with, it is that everyone is extremely hardworking. Also, the people whom I grew up with all did things they really loved. And I think that's an important lesson.
I am one of 40 grandchildren. What bothers me about the whole trust-fund thing is that it sort of presumes that everything is handed to you. And if there is one thing about my family that I do identify with, it is that everyone is extremely hardworking.
As a 12-year-old, I think everything seems scary.
I looked on YouTube for sleep deprivation and there were videos of people experimenting with staying awake for a while. You saw all the different stages.
Just because the character listens to an iPod and wears black nail polish, she's goth. That was just a misused word.
It never seemed that honorable to me, and I guess I was always afraid that I might fail.
What bothers me about the whole trust-fund thing is that it sort of presumes that everything is handed to you. And if there is one thing about my family that I do identify with, it is that everyone is extremely hardworking.
My sister started acting professionally when she was twelve, but I wanted to go to college first.
I didn't even have pierced ears. They put four holes in each ear, and, weirdly, that hurt the most.
I grew up in a little cul-de-sac in the suburbs and went to public school. I went to Costco on the weekends.
