American,Actress
This future is ours to embrace. Whether we, the established generations, choose to accept that is in our court.
When I was a kid, I had this idea that I would have a beard when I got older. I thought it'd be nice to rub my chin.
You only live once. You don't want your tombstone to read: 'Played it Safe.'
When we meet, I'm interested and I'm curious about what he's doing because he's burning a number from a client. And I'm like, 'Who is this?' and my girlfriend's like, 'That's a drug dealer. Stay away from him.'
The American future is here, and there's great news: the future votes.
People in Hollywood don't have that much sex, or at least I don't.
All the times being like, 'Who rented this car and why are we going to this place?' You take the easy route and go, 'Oh, thanks for the champagne. I'll have another.'
He uses his good powers for evil, and that's when it gets to the dangerous side of it.
I didn't even remember it because it kind of came up, and then a week later it said I broke up with him.
I thought my character definitely was very much in love with him and wanted to be with him, but I think at some point they were going to have to draw the line.
I'd love to be the first one to say this, but it automatically turns into - we all have those responsibilities that we ignore because we don't feel like they're ours.
I've noticed a growth in Spike and definitely in myself. I feel like the seeds that he planted in me five years ago have ripened up to a place where I could even tackle this role in the way that I did.
It was funny actually because that was still during the time we were dating. He would get all these calls because supposedly before we broke up, we had already broken up in the trades, in the rags or whatever.
It's like our relationship is always about the other side that isn't the obvious side.
They kind of took it out of our hands. We're still able to deal with him on an emotional level.
You can only avoid responsibility for so long. The catalyst ended up being the law coming down and finally saying, 'You guys suspended judgement and that's fine, because we're not.'
As an actor there are times when you're sitting around and wishing you were working, so you've got to just take it when it comes.
In my family, I'm short.
When I see a woman who is all gaunt and emaciated, I don't think she's beautiful. She reminds me of a Chihuahua that's freezing and shaking.
I always thought my jaw line was manly. I have this pockmark on my chin from when I was 9. I used to get freaked out about it because people thought it was a pimple. But those are the things I've become really comfortable with as I've gotten older. My scars.
There are so many different reasons as to why I love riding trains. But I think ultimately it's the romantic feeling of it. There's something about it that just transports me into old films.
