American,Musician
If a relationship is founded on love it doesn't end.
The key to change... is to let go of fear.
Well, the first year I lost my voice I didn't mind so much because I was going to have a baby and I was distracted with him anyway, I didn't even think about it that much, well, OK, this is what's happening.
And I kind of said to myself if I get my voice back I'm not going to take back the old anxiety about it and just focus on the limitations. I'm really going to enjoy it.
Being in the studio is like painting, you know, you can really take your time, and try different things, and kind of go deep into it.
But there's nothing that gives me more thrill than when I'm writing and a couplet works. I find the right rhyme, or it's just perfect. There's nothing that exciting.
Once your kids get older and get out of the house, it's not like it stops. They're on the phone with me every day; I'm intimately involved in their problems.
Yeah, I was in the phase for the last ten years or so where every record I made I said OK, that's the last one, I don't want to record anymore, I don't want to do this any more, I don't want to have a public life.
For the first time in 23 years I'm enjoying the process of supporting it, of going out and doing shows, and doing the interviews, and doing everything.
My record label is treating me like I'm a new artist, which is exciting after all this time.
And I don't think that success is going to destroy me at this point in my life, like I used to think.
I love mixing up my genres.
It's a little dangerous for me to get outside myself and think about how I want people to see me.
When my dad died a lot of songs came, and they're still coming.
The new record started out being about loss, but it's morphed into being about how relationships go on even though one person is not in a body anymore.
I found it was really impossible for me to write songs when I couldn't sing.
I was down with Lucinda Williams and Mary Chapin-Carpenter. We did an acoustic tour, just the three of us, three chicks and three guitars.
Because I was starting out in my 20's. I wanted to do it on my own. I didn't want to use my dad or have people say I was using him.
I needed to carve out my own place and find out what I was going to do.
It is the people who scream the loudest about America and Freedom who see to be the most intolerant for a differing point of view.
I think it is wrong that we went against The U.N. and that we have alienated our allies and invaded a country that hasn't threatened us, that it is a pre-emptive strike.
I have daughters who are writers and actors but no musicians.
No, my step-daughter just opened a theatre school for children, I have another daughter who works in the record industry and another who is going back to collage and I have two little ones at home.
War is idiocy. We live on a small, small planet, and what we do to others is what we do to ourselves.
I do not believe in terrorism, violence, destruction, murder, pre-emption, or War.
I choose not to give energy to the emotions of revenge, hatred or the desire to subjugate.
