American,Comedian
I want the same standard applied to homosexuals as is applied to heterosexuals.
I'm not asking that people accept homosexuality. I'm not asking that they believe like I do that it's inborn. I'm not asking that. All I'm saying is don't let these children suffer without a family because of your bias.
I think that once you open the door and allow people in on a certain aspect, it's very hard to then control how far that ripple effect is. So I think that the person who is known or famous has the ability to decide what they do or don't want to share.
Don't fear the terrorists. They're mothers and fathers.
I think the actions of the president are, in my opinion, the most vile and hateful words ever spoken by a sitting president. I am stunned and I'm horrified.
I find this proposed amendment very, very, very, very shocking. And immoral. And, you know, if civil disobedience is the way to go about change, then I think a lot of people will be going to San Francisco.
We are losing the democracy that we're trying to sell in the Mideast and everywhere else right here in our own nation.
I am one of the haunted.
The gray has gone away. I am living in bright Technicolor.
I'm sure I will cause tremendous seismic shifts in the culture again.
I don't like to go to premieres or openings. I don't like to have to put on makeup.
I remember thinking, 'I don't know if I can do radio.' I never even listen to it.
I couldn't imagine doing a show where I'd once again have to answer to corporate interests.
I don't think America knows what a gay parent looks like. I am the gay parent. America has watched me parent my children on TV for six years. They know what kind of parent I am.
I wish that there were more stringent laws to make guns sold anywhere that they're legal harder to get.
It's the main reason why I continue to push myself and my career to do more and more as the amount that you're able to raise for charity and to give to charity by my celebrity.
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.
My job is mostly to entertain and be funny.
What I'm hoping to do and what I think I will do is make an entertaining enjoyable show where the whole family can sit down and watch.
I think Oprah who is the height of aspiration and inspiration recognizes something in me that is germane.
You can walk through life believing in the goodness of the world, or walk through life afraid of anyone who thinks different than you and trying to convert them to your way of thinking.
We will never bring peace at the hands of war. As a species we have to rise above it.
If you fall in love with someone gay and you're the opposite gender, it's not going to work.
There are some heterosexuals that have heterosexual behavior that is appalling sexually, that is deviant and bad and not really moral and Christ-like and biblical. But those people are never questioned as to whether or not they're allowed to be a parent.
I think what children need is love, security, stability, consistency, and kindness.
Anybody that you put on TV five hours a week is at some point is going to say something stupid.
