American,Businessman
If you see a snake, just kill it - don't appoint a committee on snakes.
The activist is not the man who says the river is dirty. The activist is the man who cleans up the river.
Punishing honest mistakes stifles creativity. I want people moving and shaking the earth and they're going to make mistakes.
Failures are like skinned knees, painful but superficial.
Eagles don't flock, you have to find them one at a time.
A weak currency is the sign of a weak economy, and a weak economy leads to a weak nation.
Business is not just doing deals; business is having great products, doing great engineering, and providing tremendous service to customers. Finally, business is a cobweb of human relationships.
If you can't stand a little sacrifice and you can't stand a trip across the desert with limited water, we're never going to straighten this country out.
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.
Action is greater than writing. A good man is a nobler object of contemplation than a great author. There are but two things worth living for: to do what is worthy of being written; and to write what is worthy of being read.
If someone as blessed as I am is not willing to clean out the barn, who will?
In plain Texas talk, it's 'do the right thing'
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers.
Anybody can cut prices, but it takes brains to produce a better article.
Life is like a cobweb, not an organization chart.
War has rules, mud wrestling has rules - politics has no rules.
Written reports stifle creativity.
If we did not have such a thing as an airplane today, we would probably create something the size of N.A.S.A. to make one.
Which one of the three candidates would you want your daughter to marry?
Inventories can be managed, but people must be led.
Most new jobs won't come from our biggest employers. They will come from our smallest. We've got to do everything we can to make entrepreneurial dreams a reality.
You don't have to be the biggest to beat the biggest.
The budget should be balanced, the treasury should be refilled, the public debt should be reduced and the arrogance of public officials should be controlled.
There are but two things worth living for: to do what is worthy of being written; and to write what is worthy of being read.
