American,Actor
I'm allergic to cats, so I'm psychologically wired to associating kittens with itchy eyes and popping Claritin.
I have a lot of random hobbies.
There's so much diversity on TV. It's actually reflecting American culture.
There's so many Chinese or Asian Americans that were either born in another country like I was and raised in America or born in America and raised in America. They're normal Americans, and they just happen to have a different heritage.
I don't really use emojis. Is that weird? In the time it takes for me to even find the flexed-arm emoji, I could just type that I'm at the gym.
As a community, we're fighting for Asians to play Asian roles. And then there's the other battle, which is Asian Americans playing roles that aren't written for Asians, and I think that's something that completely should happen; Why can't an Asian American male just play a leading cop figure... or the Matt Damon roles?
In my head, I'd love to go on a vacation to somewhere exotic and far away and in the middle of nowhere. But then I think about the effort it would take to book a flight and a hotel, etc., and I just end up staycationing.
I don't think I have any guilt or embarrassment about any of the TV shows I watch. Maybe the fact that the shows I can watch over and over again are cartoons like 'Bob's Burgers' and 'American Dad' and 'Rick & Morty.'
I'm actually a really big board game and video game nerd.
I've played lacrosse players, football players, basketball players. I think that's just because of how I'm built. I look young, and I'm also a big person.
I want to inspire Asian kids to become more artistic and creative rather than feeling that they have to be academic or whatever.
I will say that 'Riverdale,' yes, is a little more sensationalized. It's based on comics, and it is a little bit more dramatic and a little bit more made for TV, made for teens. For '13 Reasons,' we tried hard to make it as real as we could, as close to reality as possible. No corners were cut; everything was very raw and very real.
As actors, we have to take characters, and we have to feel for them and ultimately become them, and share that on screen so that audience feels that.
My full name is Ross Fleming Butler; it's very British-Irish.
I had a lot of friends, but none of them I felt super close with. Now that I'm older, I can look back on my teenage self and kind of see the things I did wrong and the things I did right, what affect they had on me, and what affect they had on other people. I can look at it in a much more conducive way to storytelling.
There are no Asian leading men in Hollywood. There's not an Asian Ryan Gosling or an Asian Brad Pitt.
I'm not the Asian kid of 'Riverdale;' I'm Reggie, and I just happen to be Chinese.
People in high school either feel like they're with the cool kids in a clique, or they're isolated - there's no in-between.
I wasn't bullied or anything, but I didn't really fit in.
All of our actions have consequences whether we know it or not. We never know what people are going through until something tragic happens - if they don't talk about it.
I told my team, 'I don't want to go out for Asian roles anymore.'
When I was growing up, my mom didn't let me watch a lot of TV. She said I couldn't watch 'Friends' or that era of sitcoms.
Growing up, my favorite movies were 'Forrest Gump,' 'Shawshank Redemption,' 'Gladiator' - none of them really had Asian leading men.
I've played a jock a lot, but pretty nuanced jocks.
If someone offers me a hot plate of Penne Arrabiata, fageddaboutit.
If everything could be like 'Forrest Gump,' I'd be happy.
