American,Musician
I'm not in the best shape, but I want to prove to myself I can do something that seems insurmountable and inspire others by showing them no matter where they are in their fitness goals, they can do it, too.
I'm racing against me. As long as I come across the finish, I'll be okay.
I'm always happy for people when I see God blessing them the way he's blessed me.
When one person does something that works, everyone else wants to do it. So it didn't surprise me at all to see people come with different versions of 'American Idol' and a lot of them are exactly the same but with different twists.
People just take your kindness for weakness sometimes, and that's just the bottom line.
I don't have any concerns about my weight. I've always been healthy. I eat right. I'm just a big dude. I've always been happy with the person I am. So that will never change.
I want to make sure I continue to make good music that my mom and everybody around me can be proud of.
The only thing about my life that's really changed is the fact that a lot of people know me now. I'm still the same person.
I have a greater goal - to empower young people through music education.
I'm in the process of brainstorming with my marketing team and all that stuff, trying to come up with a concept for a late-night restaurant for people in Birmingham.
I don't want to be a one-hit wonder.
And I just pray that god gives me longevity in the music industry.
I've never had any health problems and I'm Ruben, man, all the way through.
I think I look good. I think I look real good.
My mother always taught me, even my dad, just never let other people's opinions of you shape your opinion of yourself. And I never have and I never will.
I like doing theaters. I like being up close and personal with the fans. It's really cool.
Simon is cool. You know, it's different if you ever see him around his mom. He acts totally different.
Because I gave myself - I left school after the second semester of my junior year to pursue a career in music. and I gave myself five years to make it and I made it in three.
You know, I played football, I was offensive tackle in college.
So I've never in my whole life really been teased about my weight.
All of them had so much to offer us as far as, you know, knowledge in the music industry, and especially Randy and Paula because, you know, they've been artists.
You know, Simon he's an artist representative, but Randy and Paula actually were in the industry as artists so they had, you know, the information that they offered to us from their aspect.
We became somewhat household names really quickly, within a matter of - what? - three, four months. So it's hard to get used to, and it's really sometimes hard to understand.
I want to be around for a long time. I don't want to be a one-hit wonder.
I never want to try to be a spokesperson for health and wellness because I most definitely am not the most in shape person in the world.
I've been blessed because there are a lot of great singers out there that didn't make it past their first album.
