American,Actress
Everyone has opportunities and different doors that are opened to them in different ways. In the end, if you're talented you'll get work, if you're not, you won't, so it doesn't really matter who you know.
Being stick skinny to the extent where you can see your bones through your skin is not a good look. You don't need to be that to be beautiful or to be perfect or to fit in. Who you are is exactly who you should be. You can't let other people dictate your life or how you feel about yourself because then you're not living.
Just in general, no matter what you're doing, be true to yourself. Never let anyone else dictate how you live your life.
I definitely understand not entirely fitting in. I think everyone has their own version of feeling out of place and I think one of the great things we have the ability to do is to know it's all right. It's OK to have that awkward phase.
For a while I thought about studying medicine at school and becoming a doctor because I've always been interested in psychology and how people's minds operate. But I'm able to explore some of that as an actor and ultimately I think it seems more interesting.
My parents always knew that I wanted to act, so it didn't really come as a big surprise. The only thing they told me was that I had to wait until I was 18 so I could get my education out of the way first.
Education is very important to my parents and to me.
I would never want the responsibility of being the prettiest girl on screen; it's too much.
I've never wanted to just ride on coat tails. I don't know, if you don't earn something then it doesn't feel as good.
Look, nobody is ever exactly the same as anybody else. You're handed the cards you are for a particular reason, so you follow that path and see where it takes you.
Everybody is going to have an opinion on you; not everyone is going to like you. You can't live your life based on other people's opinions of you or let that change what you do or how you feel about yourself, because then you're not living.
As you get older, you realise your parents aren't these superheroes. They're actually people.
