American,Entertainer
The whole point is to live life and be - to use all the colors in the crayon box.
Never forget that the most political thing you can ever do is follow your heart.
A regular old drag queen is usually your science teacher who's actually wearing women's panties underneath his slacks. A drag-queen superstar is someone who actually works in clubs and makes a living doing it more than one night a year, or even one night in six months.
I think this life is hard without assistance from others.
For my tribe, the people I found years ago, we've found sanctuary in the irreverent, in the off-center, in the quirky... And that's how we stay entertained, and that's how we stay engaged in what would otherwise seem to be a really cruel world. A really harsh world.
It's very easy to look at the world and think this is all so cruel and so mean. It's important to not become bitter from it.
La Flavour's 'Mandolay' is a disco classic - I dare you to sit still while listening to it.
We encrypt 'Drag Race' with the secret language that kept gay people linked for many years before the '80s.
Don't believe the hype; don't believe what it tells you on your driver's license. You are an extension of the power that created this whole universe.
We are all doing drag. Every single person on this planet is doing it.
It's important to find your tribe.
My love life has never been of interest to people. Of course I have a love life; I have a real life outside of show business.
I've never personally differentiated a person who dressed up in a three-piece suit and goes to Wall Street from a person who dresses up in a polyester uniform and works at McDonalds. I think it's all drag.
Personally, I experience success when I enjoy what I'm doing. I love the creative process, even if the end result isn't embraced by anyone else.
There are only two types of people in the world. There are the people who understand that this is a matrix, and then there are the people who buy it lock, stock and barrel.
My number one tip for all people, not just drag queens, is false eyelashes, which make every look go from daytime to glamazon!
I always bring an orange scarf, not just so I can wear it or tuck it into my pocket, but also so I can throw it over a lamp in the hotel room. Orange is my favourite colour, and it gives a lovely, warm ambience.
'The Wizard of Oz' is my favourite. It explains what life on this planet is about. Although Dorothy reaches Oz, she finds she had what she needed to go back to Kansas all along, but the Good Witch tells her that she had to learn it for herself. All of the answers to the meaning of life are there.
Wyoming - God bless you in Wyoming - it's very boring, and it's the most isolated place on Earth.
Drag is there to remind culture not to take itself too seriously. All of this is illusion.
Drag is involved with changing identities and not taking identities too seriously at all. That's why drag is such a hard sell to a network - or anyone, really - because it's up against the ego.
In our subconscious, we all know we're playing roles.
Life's journey - it unfolds for you as you are ready for it.
Drag is really about reminding people that you are more than you think you are - you are more than what it says on your passport.
It's true in everything, not just in drag: To be a success, you have to understand the landscape. You have to know thyself, and you have to know your history so that you can draw from people who have figured out the equation you are faced with. It's not rocket science.
I've always been interested in what else is here, what lies beneath.
I go to the gym at five in the morning and then go do a hike.
Once you clear out from your consciousness things that no longer matter, you're able to make room for other things.
Life is not to be taken seriously.
If you look at their voting habits and their eating habits, you realize people are stupid.
There's not another lip-synch song on the planet, in the history of lip-synching songs, that has been lip-synched more than 'I Will Survive.'
If you're upset by something I said, you have bigger problems than you think.
Unfortunately, in our culture, one person can write a letter to the network, and they shut something down. It's unfortunate.
This is an important thing: People who live in the mainstream and the status quo think that everyone else is there to serve them.
People don't know how to place me in their consciousness. They think, 'Oh, you must be here to make me look good. That's what gay guys are, right? You're an accessory for my straight life.' Just because your limited view is that everyone's there to serve you and that you're the only person in the world. It doesn't work that way.
Everyone has a really short attention span, and you have to bombard them with content, content, content.
We humans are still a very primitive culture, and it's one of the traps we've fallen into over the course of our lives - to forget our history. That's why George Orwell's 'Animal Farm' is so profound. It chronicles our short memory.
I've always idolized people who can write songs.
I love Ashford & Simpson, and I love the Brothers Gibb. They are amazing.
Usually, people who don't have a broad perspective see gay people as servants - as people who are there to make them look good.
Drag breaks the fourth wall, which is why it's never been quite accepted, because nobody wants to be told that they are really a caricature of themself and to not take yourself too seriously.
Drag has always been the thing you turn to to remember to not take yourself too seriously.
Drag queens have always taken on that role of spilling the tea - and the tea is the emperor has no clothes!
I've lived my whole life in the life - I've lived my whole life doing the thing, I've been doing my own thing. And I think my life speaks volumes about what one must do.
The only time you will ever see me in drag is when I am - What? Getting paid. It is my job.
Everybody is in drag.
I haven't found a heel that's been too high for me yet.
I think drag is universal, no matter who does it. I mean, yeah, I am homosexual, but I think everybody likes to toy with their image. I love those guys. I love Milton Berle and Flip Wilson and all those people.
I've cried my eyes out and wanted to end it all before. I hope everybody's gone that far, because it makes life rich.
When I go out, I'm always dressed up. Not in drag but always prepared to be 'on.' Just in case somebody's going to take a picture. Everyone has a Facebook page, so no matter what, I'm prepared to service the public.
People deal with grief in many different ways. And some people in show business parade their relationships around like an accessory, and others like to keep it separate from business and commerce. It's perfectly fine to say, 'I actually don't want to talk about my love because that's not part of the fantasy world I created in commerce.'
My focus is on love and inclusiveness.
In my life, I've been able to really examine society in a way most people who aren't outsiders don't get a chance to do.
For both men and women, an eyelash curler is a must. It gives your eye the appearance of being well-rested and wide open.
Having an automobile in Los Angeles enables me to change clothes at least three times a day: I will go from western wear to nautical to Savile Row in the course of 12 hours.
Honestly, it's important to not take this whole process of life on this planet too seriously. And you need games to remind you that every aspect of your experience on this planet is a game. And you have to be a good sport. You have to strategize, and you have to have fun.
People can identify as however you want to. Right on. Go for it. But my strategy in this bigger game of life is to not identify as anything.
Mainstream's never appealed to me, really. I mean, I've become popular over the years in certain areas. But mainstream, you know, I would rather the mainstream come to me.
I've always been drawn to people who dance to the beat of a different drum; it didn't matter if they were in film or music or fashion.
I had mentors, growing up in gay life - older gay men who told me about our history and the history of art and culture - but somehow, the younger generation missed out on that synergy.
If you grow up in show business, you look beyond the looking glass. So, all of the surface facades get broken.
I loved 'Carol.' I thought it was a beautiful film.
Hollywood is an idea. It's not a real place.
Anna Wintour is a very smart woman. She's a Scorpio, like me.
I started out in this business in rock and roll bands and stumbled into drag. Drag just happened to be my vehicle for my creativity. So, you know, it's afforded me the opportunity to create new shows, to make music.
I've always been ambitious. I've always been able to roll up my sleeves and get to work. I like to stay busy. I love working, and I love being creative.
Doing drag in a male-dominant culture is an act of treason. It's the most punk-rock thing you can do.
I've still never gotten used to myself in drag.
My spiritual practice reminds me of what's really real, what's really hood.
I've been on both sides; I've interviewed people, and I do an okay job, I guess. But it's awful. Because you feel like you have to defend your life, which is such an interesting concept. It's not an easy process to sit down and talk about, 'What's your motivation?' Because as I'm answering, I'm working it out for myself at the same time.
Young people need to know there are ways for them to navigate this life.
Life is dangerous. There are no guarantees.
I always did what I thought was interesting. I always just did what caught my fantasy. Looking like a woman, that was never the criteria for me. It was always to do drag. And drag is not gender-specific. Drag is just drag. It's exaggeration.
I don't think there is a life in the mundane 9-to-5 hypocrisy. That's not living.
