American,Actress
I'm a sneaker head. You'll find more sneakers than heels in my closet.
That's an actor's dream to get something meaty and juicy and challenging to work on.
When you're not working is when you have to stay positive and remind yourself that you're talented.
If I'm going to be honest with you, when I trained at school, I feel like I was training to be a chameleon. I want to be that versatile actor who can do anything - that's why you learn fifty different dialects, you do Shakespeare, you do commedia, you do it all so that if any job comes your way, you should be able to do it.
When I was 7, an old lady was driving too fast in my neighborhood and hit me with her car. I was running out of the house, and when I got halfway into the street, my mom saw the car and yelled for me to run back. As I turned around the car hit me, dragged me five houses down the road, and I fractured my collarbone.
My legs are actually my favorite feature.
I always have my Beats by Dr. Dre headphones turned up high. I'll probably be deaf by age 50.
Comic-Con is so much fun.
I could be ordering ham at the deli, and someone will turn around and look at me and kind of stare. They'll just look at me like, 'I know I know your voice, and I know I know your face.'
Kristin Bauer is so funny. Half the time I'm working with her I'm just trying to keep a straight face.
I'm in a comic book now. That was cool. That's something that I'm still sorta reeling about, 'cause I read comics as a kid. Someone drew me, and actually did a pretty good job!
I was born to be on the stage.
I really love Adina Porter.
My grandmother is very liberal, but... she still has her opinions.
Who has ownership over stories these days?
I'd like to do a romantic comedy like 'Notting Hill,' which is one of my favorite movies.
I'd love to do another film version of 'Romeo & Juliet.' I'm not too picky as long as it's a good story.
When I studied at Juilliard, I did a lot of pushups and became this diesel machine. I was really big and was like, 'This is not a good look for an ingenue.'
You know, it cuts both ways... no one wants to lose a job, but everybody wants to work.
At Julliard, they don't teach you where to move your face for the camera, you know?
I love 'Flashdance.' I thought it was so cool!
I was born and raised in Las Vegas, and then I left there to go to the University of Evansville where I majored in theatre.
Dance is in my background.
I usually love to go bowling when I'm in Vegas. There's something about Vegas and bowling, do you know what I mean? You know what I mean. Bowling is just the thing to do.
Staying in Vegas would've been too easy for me.
I've always loved who I loved, and it never mattered to me where they were from. That's how it should be: wherever your heart tells you to go, you go.
Music is definitely influential on how I approach my scenes.
I'm all about the crossover. The role doesn't necessarily have to be white or Latina or black. It could be anything. But it's hard in Hollywood, because sometimes it's all about the box office. Or all about looks and things like that. It's not about the story that they have to tell.
I love to be a vessel through which characters can come through. And if I can move an audience with my work, then I've done my job.
Hollywood can jack you up and then help you fall, but it can also raise you up.
I did my first Broadway play, 'The Vertical Hour,' in 2006, with Julianne Moore, who's always been one of my favorite actresses. My scene was with her, so it was nerve-racking.
For me, I have this tough exterior and these Angela Bassett arms, and people think, 'Oh, my God, Rutina's tough.'
I came out of the womb dancing.
I was a very driven young person.
