American,Author
Life is hard, but we make it much harder.
Perfectionism rarely begets perfection, or satisfaction - only disappointment.
Leveraging community intelligence and making connections is a key component to being a growth hacker.
Work hard, take it seriously, embrace your ambition. And when you're not doing that, do something - whatever it happens to be - that taps into the part of you that makes you forget about all the rest of it.
If it comes as a constant surprise each and every time something unexpected occurs, you're not only going to be miserable whenever you attempt something big, you're going to have a much harder time accepting it and moving on to attempts two, three, and four.
Virality is not an accident. It is engineered. And that's why growth hackers beat traditional marketers.
What I've found in my research is that realism and self-honesty are the antidote to ego, hubris, and delusion.
Anyone who faults Romney or Obama or any public figure for demanding quote approval is missing the point. The journalists were no abused weaklings here. They made a bargain for access to these newsworthy figures that they thought was in their favor - they're only complaining because they got caught.
As tough an idea as it often is to stomach, the best way to thrive in a world that requires grunt work is to stop seeing it as grunt work.
The process for finding, creating, and consuming information has fundamentally changed with the advent of the web and the rise of blogging.
Ego is certainly there in many of the greatest and most dizzying tales of success - but it's there in some of the greatest stories of failure and self-implosion as well.
If you're shameless enough, you can sell anything.
The essential idea of Stoicism in my interpretation is, you don't control the world around you, you control how you respond. At 19, that's very empowering.
Growth hackers are typically computer engineers that build great marketing ideas into the product during the development process.
Growth hacking is the future of marketing. It has to be.
In Los Angeles and other cities, being around immigrants is inspiring. They are touching the American Dream and reminding you how much you take it for granted.
Stoicism - and philosophy - are not the domains of idle professors. They are the succor of the successful and the men and women of action.
I don't play videogames and generally think that online activism is a giant waste of time.
If you ask most smart or successful people where they learned their craft, they will not talk to you about their time in school. It's always a mentor, a particularly transformative job, or a period of experimentation or trial and error.
In every job and position, there are valuable lessons to be learned. Even in a nasty, abusive, toxic workplace, you're being taught precisely how not to run an organization.
Because we make ourselves deaf to feedback, because we overestimate our abilities, because we become consumed with ourselves, we end up subjecting ourselves not just to the inevitable stumbles or difficulties of life but catastrophic, painful failures.
The greats - they protect their sleep because it's where the best work comes from. They say no to things. They turn in when they hit their limits. They don't let the creep of sleep deprivation undermine their judgment.
You know what's better than building things up in your imagination? Building things up in real life.
We all have goals: We want to matter. We want to be important. We want to have freedom and power to pursue our creative work. We want respect from our peers and recognition for our accomplishments. Not out of vanity or selfishness, but of an earnest desire to fulfill our personal potential.
We only have so much energy for our work, for our relationships, for ourselves. A smart person understands this and guards it carefully. Meanwhile, idiots focus on marginal productivity hacks and gains while they leak out energy each passing day.
Growth hacking is a mindset, and those who have it will reap incredible gains.
The problem with a lot of marketing advice is that the examples they use are not exactly typical. It's hard for businesses, particularly smaller businesses, to relate to the bold innovations of companies like Apple or Tesla.
People love stories; they use stories to make sense of the world.
If you run a business that isn't cutting edge or doesn't naturally stick out of the crowd, it's your job to be different and get attention.
Dr. Drew Pinsky changed my life.
The reality is that the economic situation for millennials is not a good one.
Like pretty much every other ambitious person, I always figured I'd eventually move to New York. It is, at this point, half-dream and half-obligation for people trying to do big things. It's the American Dream inside the American Dream.
My advice to young people would be this: Don't move to New York. It is not where you will find yourself.
Don't move to New York. Find your own city and your way.
Philosophy is not just about talking or lecturing or even reading long, dense books. In fact, it is something men and women of action use - and have used throughout history - to solve their problems and achieve their greatest triumphs. Not in the classroom but on the battlefield, in the forum, and at court.
When I dropped out of school at 19 to start my first job in Hollywood, I didn't know anything, and I had no idea where I'd end up. Thankfully, I was attached to some smart and forgiving people who let me learn under them.
It's your job to find a release and an outlet for the stress and the feelings. Never forget: the crazy stays at home.
When work impedes on sleep, poor planning is to blame - not superior will power.
My parents disagreed sharply with me over the decision to leave school.
Here's the thing I've learned about ideas: It's your job to have them.
Do I regret how my life turned out? Of course not - not for a single second.
Every job carries occupational hazards.
The primary occupational hazard of blogging is this: it's easier when you yourself take on some of the traits of insanity. It's a job that requires the doer to be selfish, self-absorbed, and superficial.
In my experience, marketing is best when it proves the product it is supporting.
Growth hacking isn't some proprietary technical process shrouded in secrecy. In fact, it has grown and developed in the course of very public conversations. There are no trade secrets to guard.
In June 2007, I finished up school for the year. I didn't know it at the time, but I was done with college forever. By the end of the summer, I had dropped out and would not return.
Everyone faces adversity.
Online journalism has always had a sourcing problem. From using unverified 'anonymous tips' to repeating whatever rumor or speculation people are chattering about, the general ethic is, 'We'll publish just about anything.'
Bloggers are lazy and greedy.
One of the ironies of being with someone you really love for a long time is becoming completely incapable of handling stressful or difficult things by yourself.
When I lived in Louisiana, 'Django Unchained' was shot at my neighbor's house. They shot a Sly Stallone movie in my gym.
I took the 'Seinfeld' tour of New York once - and if I think about it too hard, my brain explodes.
Being criticized in the media is a good problem to have - most of the time. It means you're doing something that is at least interesting or cool or crazy enough to be noticed. It might not always feel good, but it's usually better than the alternative of obscurity.
Every media appearance is a learning experience about the media outlet and their journalists and their feelings about you, so treat it as such.
If you need to fudge the facts a little bit to make your narrative work, there is nothing anyone can do to stop you.
If the media is a farce, why should you be the only one stuck with rules and restrictions?
The news as entertainment is the real danger, because the truth or accuracy of what it is reporting becomes irrelevant.
Let's be clear: there was no golden age of journalism. The media has always been bad. And instead of improving, it spent a lot of time and energy making up its own myth.
The news is notoriously inaccurate, and our memory of it is even worse.
Understanding how the media actually works is critical. Because editors depend on ignorance and media illiteracy to ply their trade. The fact that many readers expect fact checking, editorial oversight, and ethics actually makes it easier for the media to be lazy.
The risks of speaking extemporaneously are apparent the first time you wing it and promptly put your foot in your mouth.
What people often forget is that for the parties involved, the media game is a vicious contest.
The best kind of marketing messages are the ones that don't seem like marketing messages. Because it means that the viewers' defenses are down.
As someone responsible for my own fair share of marketing stunts, I am suspicious and cynical - I'll disclose that right up front.
Reddit is like any democratic form of government - unless carefully guarded by its leaders and members, its trusts and privileges can be and often are abused.
Even people who despise ego and aspire to humility, who plan to be humble once they are successful, are worried that actually enacting those beliefs would sentence them to a life of obscurity or weakness or failure.
The idea that only the swaggering, all-knowing, and ruthlessly ambitious succeed is a lie. One that has discouraged so many people with so much potential - and worse, encouraged many more to crash and burn.
Pretty much everyone's career starts the same way: with grunt work. Not just the cliched fetching of coffee, but other lowly tasks: taking notes in meetings, preparing paperwork, scheduling, intensive research - even flat-out doing our bosses' work for them.
No matter how commonplace or dull your first job's duties seem, chances are you can find something to do that others don't want to and make it your own.
We often learn the hard way that our world is ruled by external factors. We don't always get what is rightfully ours, even if we've earned it.
Take pride in your work. But it is not all there is.
Like most reasonable people, it saddens me when I see Americans celebrating a heritage they don't understand.
We want things to go perfectly, so we naturally tell ourselves that we'll get started once the conditions are right or once we have our bearings, when, really, it would be better to focus on making do with how things actually are.
