American,Politician
I believe in the value of life. I have fought for that value. I am the only candidate to carry a right to life bill, protecting unborn victims and ensuring that all life should be protected.
I believe in the value of life. I believe we must prepare our children for tomorrow with the family values of my grandparents.
In American history, it's about hard work and self-reliance. It's not about collecting giveaways or being on unemployment forever. That the economy moves ahead for people who are going to work to realize the American dream, own a home, send your kids to college. I think it's the founding cornerstone of America.
As a Navy SEAL, our motto is obviously 'Never Quit,' and our only easy day was yesterday. Send in the Navy SEALS - I think it's time to send the Navy SEALS to Washington!
Whether you're a man or a woman, you should get the same degree of healthcare from our VA.
The ability to reach a catastrophic forest fire quickly can not only save millions in fire suppression costs, it can save structures and, most importantly, lives.
America is smarter than the politicians. America is demanding a change and not more of the same cronyism, not more of the same deception, corruption, and business. Washington, D.C., needs to be shaken up.
As a former Commander, I gave an oath to defend the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. As a state senator, I gave that same oath. As a Congressman, I gave an oath to defend the Constitution. There are some things that are not negotiable: Faith, my family, and the Constitution are dead center. It is nonnegotiable to me.
At the end of the day, I think you're on high moral ground when you respect Montana and you respect the Constitution and you do your duty as a Senator. We need to put Americans' and Montanans' interests in the front seat and politics in the back.
We have more natural resources - coal, oil, wind - across the board not only to be energy independent but to be a leading exporter.
We have more women serving in the military than any time in our nation's history, and yet the VA has not done a pivot to look at women's healthcare issues.
In the case of the Syrian refugees, most of them are male. Most of them are of military age, and yes, it is a significant security issue in that a background check is only as good as the authorities have information on them.
Nicknamed 'Mad-Dog Mattis' by his men, he was a command warrior in the old George Patton mode. He wasn't an armchair general by any definition of that much-maligned term. If a Marine re-upped at a location where he was present, he would personally go to that Marine and thank him or her for rejoining.
I just want to be a really good congressman. You should look at what you are today and be the very best you can.
One of our pillars has to be national security - our nation's security both domestically and abroad.
In the exodus out of Iraq, we're seeing the effects of just leaving. We left before there was control of chemical weapons stockpiles, without a status-of-forces agreement. We left before the Sunni and Kurds we fought with and fought alongside with were stable, or without empowering them. We left on a political rhetoric.
Technology certainly is going faster. Dynamics on the battlefield are faster. And so, I think you do need, you know, a warrior that is adept in technology, you know, certainly skilled.
The right rules of engagement means giving our forward commanders the authority and flexibility to take the initiative and win. Trust our forward deployed warriors to do their job. Political appointees running the war from Washington is just wrong.
When you're asked by the president to serve, it's awfully hard to say no, and I'm loyal.
The climate is changing; I don't think you can deny that. But climate has always changed.
A lot of what a military officer does is not just leading troops in combat. It's also doing budgets. It's solving complex problems. If you can sit down with warlords, you can certainly sit down with different parties and folks with different interests and come out with an amenable solution.
There's no assigned seats in the House. I spent the first couple months just getting to know my Congress. So I kind of wander around.
As a kid who grew up in Montana, I resent regulation being formulated and forced in Washington from bureaucrats that have never been to Montana.
I think it's a reasonable request to ask: if you're going to write a piece of regulation that affects Montana, I think you should know the difference between Butte and Bozeman.
The Democrats are besides themselves because they don't understand Trump. They don't understand: you don't get between the American people - because Americans are upset.
I want to be a part of the team that's 'making America great again' in whatever capacity I can serve.
We need to make sure these Islamic terrorist organizations don't become mainstream. We're fighting an ideology as much as a group of radical terrorists.
The northern border is a different problem set than our southern border. We're not going to put a fence between America and Canada, across Glacier Park. I grew up there. We can use some technological controls. We work with the Canadians more, and there's a lot of property we share, along with tribal lands.
Canada has as much or more control of the border than we do. Getting into Mexico is a lot easier than getting into Canada.
We use our land for hunting, fishing, hiking, and to create jobs. Our outdoor economy is a billion dollar economic engine for the state that creates jobs.
The federal government needs to do a much better job of managing our resources, but the sale or transfer of our land is an extreme proposal, and I won't tolerate it.
I will work tirelessly to ensure our public lands are managed and preserved in a way that benefits everyone for generations to come.
Senator Tester is wise enough to make sure his voice is heard in a positive manner to get things done.
I was making Molotov cocktails long before I knew the name for them.
The quality of our Airmen in Montana coupled with the proven mission excellence of the 120th Airlift Wing, and historical need for assets to fight the devastating forest fires we continue to see in Montana and the Northwest United States, should have mandated the relocation of these assets to Montana.
Obama and his Democrat allies in Congress have proven they will use bait-and-switch tactics to move more unvetted refugees into our communities. This will inevitably put our nation and our citizens at risk for future terrorist attacks.
Special ops isn't the answer to everything. Special ops is not the main guard.
In order to prosecute war, you have to take some risk.
Putin drops bombs. We drop leaflets.
We often fight wars with our young.
Congress has the constitutional responsibility to control the power of the 'purse'.
What works in Washington, D.C. or New York City oftentimes doesn't work out in Billings, Montana, or elsewhere in the country.
I'm proud of Congress as a body. At the end of the day, we're the people's house, and we should be very mindful that we represent the people.
If ISIS strikes, it's going to strike Americans - not Republicans or Democrats. This is not partisan politics.
Under our rules of engagement, if I were ISIS, what I would do is collocate my headquarters next to a school or a hospital and ensure that there would be collateral damage. They know our rules of engagement as well as we do. They operate with impunity.
I would be in support of giving the military commanders more latitude in their rules of engagement rather than be restricted to the point we're tying someone's hands behind their back.
I've been to war, and I know the consequences and sacrifice it takes. If we must fight, we fight to win.
To be a Navy SEAL, it's three and a half years training before you're ever put into harm's way the first time.
Our veterans have already given everything they have to support and defend our nation - some of them sacrificing life and limb.
If you put our guys in harm's way, you better support them with the right equipment, the right rules of engagement, the right Medevac, the right quick-reaction force.
Radical Islamic terrorists and those who fund it remain a credible threat to America and a clear and present danger to democracy.
I have seen America's sons, daughters, mothers, and fathers fight valiantly for our freedom and pay the ultimate sacrifice to defend us.
Too many of Montana's own have fallen in the line of duty fighting radical Islamic terrorists, like 31-year-old husband and father of four, Blackfeet warrior Army Corporal Tony 'Many Hides' of Great Falls.
I love my country, and the mental and physical demands of the Navy SEALs was what I had been training for my whole life growing up in Montana.
There's a reason Montana produces more SEALs than any other state. As a collegiate athlete, I enjoyed the mental and physical challenges Division I football presented.
When a recruiter first told me about the Navy SEALs, I knew it was the right fit.
I believe in American exceptionalism. As a Navy SEAL, I fought so that I would never have to see my president bow to anyone.
Our nation owes a debt of gratitude to anyone who serves honourably. I think it's despicable that a president would put veterans on his website and list them on an enemies list.
Americans don't want to see our military become Republican or Democrat. Americans appreciate that our military belongs to all of us.
I look forward to making the Department of Interior and America great again.
May God bless Montana, God bless America, and God bless the troops who defend her.
Having too many layers of approval in a dynamic battlefield environment delays our ability to fight and win, especially when troops are engaged in combat.
Our military sons and daughters that are placed in harm's way deserve the right equipment, the right training, and the right rules of engagement to win decisively on any field of battle.
We say to those few who seek to publicize anti-Semitic views that they shall find no safe haven here.
I've served in 25 nations. I've seen where people don't trust their government. We're there. In the military, the last option is to send in the SEALs.
Our moral compass - it's always been Judeo-Christian.
I love Teddy Roosevelt... As a country, we need to think big again.
We have a duty to fight ISIS; air operations alone will not defeat ISIS.
You cannot negotiate with organizations that are based on an ideology whose core is to destroy the West and America.
To me, there is no doubt: inaction abroad emboldens actions on the home front. They are related.
