American,Actor
The sky, the sky beyond the door is blue.
Never interrupt me when I'm eating a banana.
Back off or the lizard gets it!
I'm convinced to do improv. All you have to do is listen to what people are saying to you, and then just add more information to what they've just said. That's all there is to improv, but it's the hardest thing to do.
What do I do when we're not taping? Sit in a dark room and refine my plans for someday ruling Earth from a blimp. And chess.
I did standup for a lot of years, too, but when you come out as a standup, you get the feeling from a crowd - it's a kind of a 'make me laugh' attitude. But when you come out as an improvisor, they realize that they're suggesting everything you do. So they're already invested in the scene, and they actually want it to work.
I'm going to buy some green bananas because by the time I get home they'll be ripe.
I can't sprinkle sprinkles on. I lose control when I have sprinkles. I'm shaky. I still remember the great sprinkle accident of 1982.
I'd rather drive the yellow brick road, you wouldn't happen to know of a rental car place around.
I'm Jim Phillips, I have multiple personalities. I'm also a skindiver, a puppeteer, and I was the tenth president of the United States.
If I could rap, that would be a sensation, but I can't, you see, I'm just a Caucasian.
If I were a man with gills, I would be a fish!
If I were as much of a man as my woman, I'd be my wife.
If I were but a man who would be tall, I would be me.
If I were like your mother, I would be a woman.
Never trust sheep.
That is raw dough. Never eat raw dough. They can make worms in your tummy. Worms in your tummy.
The first rule to living in America is 'Stop tap dancing, you fool!'.
When it comes to making love, I may not be the best, but I'm damn gouda.
You know, I've got a confession to make myself. I'm not really a priest, I've just got my shirt on backwards.
On 'Whose Line,' we had six, seven, eight scenes per show, so everything was pretty quick. And there's a lot of games that we just got tired of, like 'Hats' and 'World's Worst' and 'Hoedown' and stuff.
Drew's a funny guy. Because anything he gets into, he gets in 100%. Even when we were doing 'The Drew Carey Show,' he got into bowling, and suddenly he's phoning up pros for tips and carrying around 3 balls. It's just how he does it.
I was into sports in high school, but I got kicked out of Richmond High at 17, so I never graduated. However, I still get invites to the class reunions... I don't know that I want to see how everyone looks now.
I love B.C., but you know what taxes are like in Canada.
I wasn't particularly funny in high school, but I grew up with three older brothers who were quite funny.
