American,Actress
When I was born, the doctor looked at my mother and said, 'Congratulations, you have an actor!'
But I was losing so much bone density that I would have been in grave danger. And I mean grave danger. If I had let it go just a few more years I could have broken my hip or spine just picking up my granddaughter.
It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
I did comedies for 10 years and I learned a great deal.
I can't deny the fact that you like me! You like me!
Last year I was diagnosed with osteoporosis. I was over 50, Caucasian, thin, small-framed, and I have it in my genetic history. It was almost a slam-dunk.
My agent said, 'You aren't good enough for movies.' I said, 'You're fired.'
If I hadn't fought back, I might have been Gidget forever.
My last son is leaving to go to college; my grandchildren are being born. My mother is living with me.
But there isn't any second half of myself waiting to plug in and make me whole. It's there. I'm already whole.
I was raised to sense what someone wanted me to be and be that kind of person. It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
Change is never easy.
I came from a real working-class show business family.
I have never been beautiful in cliche terms.
I joined the Actors Studio and began to work with Lee Strasberg, and that changed my work.
I never really address myself to any image anybody has of me. That's like fighting with ghosts.
I really have no ulterior motive in taking on certain roles. I have no larger issue that I really want to show people. I'm an actor, that's all. I just do what I do.
I think that's very sad, that I haven't allowed my heart to be broken. I have broken a few.
I think the first thing I did was several scenes from Romeo and Juliet.
I was just lucky enough to grow up in a time when they actually had drama departments in schools.
I would take plays and I would cut out all the other dialogue and make long monologues because I felt the other kids weren't taking it as seriously as I did.
I'm so vigorous, and I so take it for granted, because I've always been a real physical person.
I've never had my heart broken. It's a very sad state of affairs. I think everybody should have their heart broken. I don't think it says anything good about me at all.
There are parts of me that I feel are beautiful, but they don't have anything to do with my nose.
There was really a snobbery from people in film - they did not want people who had come from television. It was the poor relation of show business, and especially situation comedy.
When you're old, you are more certain of who you are, and that may be a good thing or a bad thing.
I wouldn't mind having my heart broken because it would mean that I had that much feeling connected to somebody. And that would be really great.
In the 1970s and 1980s, I got to do some great work. The Oscars are really nice, but the best part is that I had the opportunity to do that kind of work.
People really don't understand what actors do.
