American,Politician
If we don't enforce visa laws, we basically have open borders.
Small businesses win as they get more contracts; workers win as small businesses create jobs; and taxpayers win as prices are driven down.
Small companies need capital to invest, expand, and create jobs. And the economy needs a healthy small business community to bolster and sustain its recovery.
Millions of people gave their lives fighting fascism and imperialism, but Pearl Harbor was the event that forever changed the course of human history.
Bringing buyers and sellers together through a single platform is not a new idea - most of us know about eBay's success - but with advancing technology comes new innovative methods for businesses to connect customers with those who want to offer services.
Administrator McCarthy and the EPA will soon find out that Washington bureaucrats are becoming far too aggressive in attacking our way of life. Administrator McCarthy should be apologizing to Missourians. EPA aggression has reached an all-time high, and now it must be stopped.
Small business owners are experiencing great uncertainty because of the possibility of tax increases, the inconsistent flow of credit, an outrageous national debt, high energy costs, and overreaching federal regulations.
Having grown up on a family farm, I am all too familiar with the effects a drought can have on a crop.
I have personally seen Ted Cruz stand up and fight on the issues that matter the most to conservatives, even when it wasn't popular in Congress.
We must secure our borders and restore the rule of law, and more than anyone running, Ted Cruz has fought to make this nation secure while protecting our constitutional rights.
The integrity of the federal procurement system needs to be protected so that the public has confidence in government contracts, and small businesses have every opportunity to compete.
As threats emerge - from ISIS to Russia to the Iranian nuclear program - we need a president with the resolve to defend our country and not back down.
I'm not in favor of any amnesty whatsoever.
America is a collection of people from different races, religions, and backgrounds - that is part of what makes us great. But a common language is what brings all of those people together to form a community.
Despite overwhelming support for the United States to adopt English as its official language, we have still not taken that important step.
There is nothing out there that I have a grudge against or I have a problem with.
There are programs that don't work.
To keep something around just because it is already on the books, I think, is wrong.
This is the people's money, and we need to use it on their priorities. Increasing the pay of members of Congress is not their priority.
It's mystifying to me why the House leadership will not allow a straight up-or-down vote on a pay raise. I vote against every pay raise because taxpayers deserve better.
Government does not create jobs, but it can help set the table for economic growth with the right policies.
I have no preconceived notions of what SBA programs work or not.
I worry about whether SBA programs are still doing what they are meant to do - support lenders who fund good business startups and good expansion plans.
I want to take a close look at the SBA to see what works, what doesn't, what is duplicative, and what isn't even being utilized. We'll focus on what they do well and strengthen those areas.
The significance and volume of repairs that are needed across the country demand that we give state and local governments the long-term certainty they need to effectively execute these projects.
Although 95 percent of the world's market for products exists outside the U.S., many small firms do not have the resources and personnel to take advantage of these opportunities.
I want people to be able to give their voice.
There are 12 million illegal immigrants in this country - drawing welfare benefits, sending their children to public schools, and pushing down wages for American workers - but the problem extends well beyond amnesty and open borders.
By necessity, budgets require hard choices.
The mismanagement of the Small Business Health Options program is very frustrating.
I understand that the nature of politics sometimes involves fending off frivolous, anonymous allegations.
When the EPA says that property owners, farmers, and livestock producers must stomach higher costs, longer delays, and bigger headaches, it's up to Congress to put up a roadblock.
I want to thank the many Missourians who have reached out to me and asked me to consider running for the United States Senate.
Economic recovery begins with our small businesses.
We must get government out of the way and help foster an environment where small businesses are free to grow and create jobs.
Trade agreements are important because they open up new marketplaces to small businesses, which ultimately translates into more jobs and greater economic growth.
Claiming to 'fight for small business' is often used as a political tool in Washington D.C., but it is actually the policies behind that battle cry that small firms care about.
Time and time again, small businesses testify before the Committee on Small Business that they simply want the government to 'get out of the way.'
Saying that you are advocating on behalf of small business does not grant a license to spend at will on more and more programs without congressional input, oversight, or statutory authority.
The SBA should be redirected to focus on its core missions of capital access, contracting, and counseling, while reducing duplication, overlap, and wasteful spending. Doing so will greatly improve its ability to better advocate for small businesses.
It's time for some common sense from federal agencies.
Federal regulations should promote safety without unnecessarily burdening small firms and costing much-needed jobs.
The RFA requires federal agencies to assess the economic impact of their regulations on small firms, and if significant, consider less burdensome alternatives. Federal agencies sometimes fail to comply at all, or simply 'check the box,' fulfilling the letter of the law, while missing the purpose of the law entirely.
The economy needs thriving, job-creating small businesses, but excessive and ill-considered regulations too often get in the way of growth.
Small businesses all across this nation are tired of the uncertainty created by Washington.
The federal government spends nearly half a trillion dollars on contracted goods and services; therefore, we must ensure that the money is being spent efficiently, and small businesses have proven that they can do quality work cheaper and often faster.
By and large, small companies don't want to settle for part-time employees over full-time positions.
We have been fighting for solutions that will spur economic growth and create jobs for all Americans because we have been listening to what small business owners and employees have been telling us all along.
Removing government-created obstacles to small business growth is what Washington should be addressing, and this focus should start with removing the herculean impediments to job creation found in the health care law.
At every turn, small businesses should be encouraged to compete. When they do, we all win.
The value of small business contracting is indisputable. These firms bring healthy competition to the federal market to drive down prices. They are our nation's innovators and job creators, and securing a federal contract helps them grow and offers more benefit to the economy.
Competition is a powerful and essential part of this nation's economy and vital to cutting government costs.
A P2P business is a company that creates a platform which allows individuals or 'peers' to directly buy and sell from each other. This activity has sometimes been called the 'sharing economy.' Some are wary of these new companies and the challenge they pose to the established market.
The P2P marketplace extends into other markets where individuals are monetizing underutilized assets. Lodging is one example. Instead of finding a hotel room, in the sharing economy you can rent a spare room from a local resident.
As newly created P2P businesses disrupt the status quo and compete with established companies, they face the difficulty of fitting a square peg into a round hole when it comes to existing regulatory regimes that don't contemplate their business models.
Just as water is a key ingredient to growth on the farm, capital is required for businesses to thrive.
The JOBS Act will allow entrepreneurs to utilize 'crowdfunding,' which permits them to raise equity capital from a large pool of small investors.
The few effective provisions of Dodd-Frank are masked by its many flaws - flaws that have been and will continue to be detrimental to the American economy and our financial future if not reversed.
Access to capital is critical for small business success and crucial to our economic recovery. Without access to capital, many small companies are not able to maintain operations, let alone expand and create new jobs.
Many small businesses rely on small financial institutions, like credit unions and community banks, to meet their capital requirements. Without them, these small businesses would have to close their doors.
Small lending institutions lack the capability of their larger counterparts to hire the additional manpower necessary to deal with the hundreds of additional regulations created by Dodd-Frank.
I have heard firsthand from several small business owners about their struggle to borrow and their fear of taking on additional debt.
Government should stand aside and let the business community prosper instead of imposing new regulations that will only stifle growth and limit access to capital.
Congress can protect small businesses by providing effective oversight over SBA policies and make sure they take into account the needs of small businesses while also protecting taxpayer dollars. Congress also needs to make sure that new banking regulations do not make it more costly for community banks to lend to small businesses.
In order to help small businesses gain access to the credit and capital they need to run their business successfully, Congress must adopt policies that support functional capital markets without imposing undue restrictions on providers of debt and equity capital.
Growing up on a family farm, I know firsthand the challenges of running a small business... challenges that only seem to be growing for today's entrepreneurs.
Simply put, our nation's economy will only go as far as our small businesses will take it.
The federal government has gone too far on many nonessential regulations that are harming small businesses. Employers are rightly concerned about the costs of these regulations - so they stop hiring, stop spending, and start saving for a bill from the federal government.
Part of any solution to get our economy going should include steps to free up our small businesses by peeling back unnecessarily burdensome regulations, ending the continual threats of tax hikes, and addressing the cloud of federal debt that hangs over our economy.
