American,Actress
Being strong can be also feminine. I don't think feminine equals being weak. Being strong is very sexy.
I was working straight for nine months and I'm exhausted. I'm ready to relax for a little while and read. I don't want to work for work sake; I have to be excited about it.
The Alien is gross, scary. There is something in a human being that looks at them and sees it as a cockroach. You can never feel nurturing towards the cockroach.
Some of us just have to work harder to stay in the game.
I love going to the movies and getting Raisinets, a big tub of popcorn and a Coke. That's definitely a guilty pleasure because I can't be doing that all the time.
CGI is done after the film is done. It's through the computer. Most of the film is not computer-generated special effects. Most of it is that creature that is in the room with you.
In 1979, Alien came out and Sigourney was in it with a bunch a guys. Nobody at that time expected the woman to be the hero, so that was a tradition that started.
You would never expect a black woman to be the hero.
I got nominated for a Tony, which was a complete surprise. It was an experience that I will always cherish.
I'll eventually go back to theater because the feeling of being on stage where you have the audience right there, you can't replace that with anything.
When you have a play, you have to be on every night.
I look forward to going to work. Everybody is at the top of their game. It was like we just got to play.
I liked the fact that there were so many different representations of black women and black men in the movie. It wasn't like we all had the same agenda.
I had never picked up a basketball before. I went through a grueling audition process. It was almost as if I was learning to walk. It would be like teaching somebody to dance ballet for a role.
To make a movie is very grueling at times. Long, long hours and cold weather.
As different as me and Sigourney look is as different as these two characters are. I'm not filling her shoes. I'm doing a part that has the same monsters, but it's a completely different movie.
I didn't get to see Predator until halfway through shooting. It was great to get an education while I was shooting because it made me excited to be part of this legacy.
Sometimes when you don't care, people are attracted to that.
When you're on a set it can be very tedious and slow. It's just not as big as when you see it on film.
People make jokes about how black people are the first ones to be killed off.
I wouldn't want anyone to destroy the earth.
If you're in love and there's that chemistry, that's what it's all about.
My dad is a director/producer and my mom is a dancer; she performed with Alvin Ailey, but I didn't even think about becoming an actress.
I come from the theater, and I've done a lot of character work in the theater, but Hollywood stuff in film and TV, they've been more leading lady/ingenue type roles.
I really prefer the actual experience of being onstage and living the character from beginning to end with the energy of the audience. There's nothing that beats that feeling, and yet I really have trouble with the eight shows a week.
I think Hollywood is so driven by money, the people who are making the decisions are not necessarily reflective of the melting pot, so what stories are you going to want to tell? You're going to want to tell stories about yourself.
