American,Actress
Safe drinking water isn't just something to worry about on your tropical vacation. U.S. tap water is ridden with arsenic, lead, and pharmaceutical drugs. In short: Get a filter.
Yeah, I started when I was 6 years old. My brother and sister would get all of these presents at Christmas time from the cast and crew of their show and I was jealous. So I decided that I had to become an actor.
You want to keep the severity of our environmental problems in mind enough to keep yourself motivated but not enough to paralyze you into depression.
A good place to start initially would be school plays.
My twin in the show is Molly Stanton who is so sweet and great and she is totally different from me.
I am ashamed to admit I watch a lot of reality shows like The Osbournes and The Bachelor.
I am pretty much a sucker any really bad reality television.
I'm super shy, especially at parties.
I do like to hang out in the corner and keep my eye on the party, or be outside in a smaller group.
I think I really see myself doing TV more than ever.
I'd just love to have an audience and it's the most fun in the world to get a new script every week and have the audience come in, and work with those actors.
I flew back and forth and did episodes of Roseanne while I was at Yale.
Especially when you play a character for so many years, the character ends up reflecting a lot of who you are and I think I've changed a lot since then, but that represented a lot of who I was as a teenager.
The best thing about being an actress is getting good concert tickets.
I'd like to do more stuff with less sarcasm.
I feel like there is just as much violent programming in other countries and there is not the same incidence of factors. I think there are other factors contributing to violence in this country and not the media.
No, I feel like my personality probably influenced the character, more than the character influenced me.
But I just wonder what it would be like to be able to go places without people recognizing me.
I like that kind of frantic schedule. It makes me feel like I have a purpose.
I pretty much only write by default, because I want to make certain projects so instead of trying to wait and find them, I create them, but I'm not really a writer.
You know what you are best at, and writing is just not my thing, but I like it.
I like going to New York. I like the galleries and the theatre and the restaurants and bars and music. I think that city is more alive than Los Angeles.
I was such a private person before I started 'The Talk.' I don't know what happened! It almost feels like I've started a second life. In my previous lifetime, I didn't talk about stuff. Now I'll discuss anything. It's crazy!
You can't be a perfect environmentalist unless you're Ed Begley, Jr., whom I once saw on TV using a bicycle to power his toaster. He's amazing.
I became a vegetarian at age 13 because I was into animal issues and felt like it was kinder not to eat animals.
Respect your kids. They are their own people. I think sometimes we expect kids to be perfect when we're not perfect.
