American,Actress
I like food. I like eating. And I don't want to deprive myself of good food.
I don't smoke, don't drink much, and go to the gym five times a week. I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great. I can run a marathon, you know.
Just because you donate sperm does not make you a father. I don't have a father. I would never give him the credit or acknowledge him as my father.
Well, that's the old story I heard about the Jackie Chan films. That, like, Jackie Chan will just keep going and when crew members drop he just replaces them. I don't know if that's true but after having worked in Japan I believe it might be true.
Being an actor gives you a chance to play all kinds of roles, very moving and dramatic on one project, silly and girlish on another. That's the most interesting thing out this business, you get to keep reinventing yourself.
I love Australia. My dream would be to have a place to live there and be able to commute back and forth.
Being a teen idol is what I've waited for my whole life.
How can women be as thin as we are? We have personal trainers to work us out. We have specially prepared meals.
And I don't know what I'd do at a fraternity party. All that might be a little lost on me.
As with anything, you need to keep your creative juices flowing and keep the character interesting.
Because Buffy really has become the straight man, every once in a while it's nice to be the one that tells the joke and it's nice to be the one that is the joke and it's nice to do something that's a little bit different.
But there are still only certain film genres where a woman can stand out, be heroic, be the centerpiece.
I also think it was important for me and Freddie to be able to have a lot of time to share our lives at the beginning of our marriage rather than my coming home at 9 or 10 at night from the set. Things have really worked out for the best for both of us.
I also want the chance to work with some of the best actors in the business, because that's where you can learn so much by just being on a set and getting a feel for how they approach their role and how they work with you.
I think actually what I'm going to do when I'm done and take my next vacation, is I'm going to go over and start unions in Japan. I'm going to unionize Japan. Because the way they work those crews is so criminal. There's no overtime, so they can just keep going.
I think it's a mistake if people just fall in love and think that that's the only thing you need to keep you happy. There's a lot more to being with someone than just love.
I wouldn't change Buffy for anything and I wouldn't change the course in which she has evolved but it is nice to be able to do something that is a little different.
I've always been fascinated by Asian culture, and I love that women can play the lead in a horror film.
I'm from New York, I make kind of somewhat maybe lewd, at times - maybe some would say dirty - jokes. But in jest.
In television, women can really run anything. It can be a comedy, it can be a drama, it can be genre, it can be anything. But in films, women are still getting to the top.
It used to be only on TV that women could lead, that a show could be based on a woman.
Our bodies are machines and have to be functional, and to do that they have to be fed properly.
The episodes all blend together for me, so I don't remember. I can't even remember what I had for breakfast this morning. I always feel I must be such a disappointment to them.
The thing about Buffy and Spike is they understand each other on a level that nobody else understands her.
There's a part of me that will always believe that Angel is Buffy's true love. That there will be a piece of her heart that will always be with him for the rest of her life.
Ultimately, I want to have a good career and do interesting work.
