American,Politician
Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge, and children with special needs inspire a very, very special love.
We say keep your change, we'll keep our God, our guns, our constitution.
Buck up or stay in the truck.
Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy.
The fact that drilling won't solve every problem is no excuse to do nothing at all.
We don't need to fundamentally transform America. We need to restore America.
When we talk about fighting for our country, we're talking about our vote, our vote is our arms.
America is looking for answers. She's looking for a new direction; the world is looking for a light. That light can come from America's great North Star; it can come from Alaska.
We eat, therefore we hunt.
They think that, if we were just smart enough, we'd be able to understand their policies. And I so want to tell 'em, and I do tell 'em, Oh, we're plenty smart, oh yeah - we know what's goin' on. And we don't like what's goin' on. And we're not gonna let them tell us to sit down and shut up.
My fellow citizens, the American Presidency is not supposed to be a journey of personal discovery.
Polls? Nah... they're for strippers and cross country skiers.
I came to office promising major ethics reform to end the culture of self-dealing. And today, that ethics reform is a law. While I was at it, I got rid of a few things in the governor's office that I didn't believe our citizens should have to pay for. That luxury jet was over-the-top. I put it on eBay.
I'm pro-life. I'll do all I can to see every baby is created with a future and potential. The legislature should do all it can to protect human life.
Well, I'm not a member of the permanent political establishment, and I've learned quickly these last few days that if you're not a member in good standing of the Washington elite, then some in the media consider a candidate unqualified for that reason alone.
I love those hockey moms. You know what they say the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull is? Lipstick.
I guess a small-town mayor is sort of like a community organizer, except that you have actual responsibilities.
I am a conservative Republican, a firm believer in free market capitalism. A free market system allows all parties to compete, which ensures the best and most competitive project emerges, and ensures a fair, democratic process.
A changing environment will affect Alaska more than any other state, because of our location. I'm not one though who would attribute it to being man-made.
Each of us knows that we have an obligation to care for the old, the young and the sick. We stand strongest when we stand with the weakest among us.
The Republican Party would be really smart to absorb as much of the Tea Party movement as possible.
America's finest - our men and women in uniform, are a force for good throughout the world, and that is nothing to apologize for.
Washington has got to, across the board, lower taxes for small businesses so that our mom and pops can reinvest and hire people, so that our businesses can thrive.
Our government needs to adopt a pro-market agenda that doesn't pick winners and losers, but it invites competition and it levels the playing field for everyone.
The lesson of the last year is this: foreign policy can't be managed through the politics of personality, and our President would do well to take note of an observation John F. Kennedy made once he was in office - that all of the world's problems aren't his predecessor's fault.
We need a foreign policy that distinguishes America's friends from her enemies, and recognizes the true threats that we face.
We're red, white and blue, and President Obama, we are through with you.
We know that the far left and their media allies can't beat us on the issues, so instead they'll distort our records. Let's not do the job for them, OK, Republicans? OK, independents?
In America, we believe that competition strengthens us.
Candidate Obama promised to fundamentally transform America and that's one promise he has kept. Turning a shining city on a hill into a sinking ship.
We believe every child is created equal with the right to life.
I've said it since the day he made the sacrifice to hit the campaign trail: Voters crave the anti-status-quo politician. Everything about Donald Trump's campaign, it's avant-garde. He is crushing it in the polls.
