American,Author
I'm lucky in having found the perfect partner to spend my life with.
I wish I could remember where I put things. I spend half my life looking for my keys. With the other half I look for my glasses.
In 1986 we were trying to help women get in print, stay in print, and come to the attention of booksellers and libraries. At that time, books by men mystery writers were reviewed seven times as often as books by women.
I thought it was time for a tough, smart, likable female private investigator, and that's how VI came to life.
The possibility of bringing white-collar criminals to justice is ever receding over the horizon.
People have less privacy and are crammed together in cities, but in the wide open spaces they secretly keep tabs on each other a lot more.
I always wrote; my first story was published in the magazine The American Girl when I was 11.
Sometimes I panic and think I can't really write.
You get weird and unsettling behaviour in the country.
I have a friend who lives in the South Side of Chicago. I helped out at a church charity there where they try to give a bit of cohesion to a desperate area. Everyone was very welcoming.
Capo, my first golden retriever, so loved to swim she once jumped off a cliff to get into Lake Superior.
Reviewers said Ghost Country was rich, astonishing and affecting in the way it blended comedy, magic, and a gritty urban realism in a breathtaking ride along Chicago's mean streets.
I had wanted to write Ghost Country for a long time, but it wouldn't work.
I live and die with the Chicago Cubs.
I love to sing. I'm a soprano.
I realised I'd never climb Everest but thought I could still write a book.
I went to college at the University of Kansas, where I got a degree in political science.
I'm a daydreamer.
I'm a grandmother, and a mighty proud one.
I'm very honoured that there is a loyal following and I hope it continues.
It took me nine months to write 60 pages. It was very frustrating.
My parents were liberal intellectuals but even they expected me to stay at home and look after my younger siblings and do the housework.
No agent wants to see a book until he or she has decided whether to pursue the relationship.
Sometimes I think I'm a one-trick pony because I'm not very inventive about new ways of telling stories.
The crime novel has always been my favourite genre.
White-collar crime gets more outrageous by the second in America.
