American,Author
For me, writing for younger audiences and writing for adults uses two different halves of my brain.
I've written short stories from male perspectives before, and I've never had a problem with it as long as I've understood the character's emotions and motivations.
'The Glass Castle' by Jeannette Walls is the quintessential dysfunctional family.
My sister and I visited Iceland in 2001, and I incorporated it into 'Pretty Little Liars.'
People might look great on the outside but they all have something that they're dealing with.
I love books about dysfunctional families.
I really like reading about how families work together.
I think I'll stick with psychological thrillers.
Seeing 'Pretty Little Liars' fans adapt and create their own stories is both exciting and flattering, and I think what Amazon Publishing is offering through Kindle Worlds is a great way to reward their ingenuity.
If my characters travel somewhere, I generally write about a place I know to give the scenes more authenticity.
My family often travels to New York City during the holidays, and that's always a good time.
I like to run in a new place to help me find my way around.
I was not tormented in any way; I was never even bullied. I had a nice teenage life.
Judy Blume especially sort of broke the boundaries of what is appropriate and what should be written about - what teenagers are actually doing.
I primarily read fiction, and I read a good many wonderful books while writing 'The Visibles.'
I find coming up with a title the hardest part of writing a novel.
Sometimes I hear a voice - sometimes it's the voice of someone I know. And sometimes that leads to a character, which leads to a story.
I do a lot of revising on paper. Sometimes I think I should just write longhand - what I type reads very different once I print it out.
I probably write best in my office, which is an extra bedroom in my house.
I do a lot of brainstorming with my editors.
I kept a journal when I was a teenager, so I definitely look back on those to see how I dealt with friends and cliques and getting picked on, or boyfriend breakups.
I've read a lot of fiction from writers just starting out, and the dialogue is a little bit forced, or it's almost too teenager-y, or too slang-y or putting too much technology or trends in there. I try to stay pretty trend-neutral. I try not to mention too many current bands or current TV shows.
I am a big outliner. For my adult book, 'The Visibles,' I did not outline, and it took me two years to write because I just didn't outline, and I had no path.
Secrets are very intriguing - I always think that's an interesting theme.
I loved the movie 'Heathers' and the TV show 'Twin Peaks.'
With teenagers, the emotions are higher and things are more dramatic. That doesn't mean adults don't also act like children in their own way.
