American,Athlete
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.
Not to be cheered by praise, not to be grieved by blame, but to know thoroughly one's own virtues or powers are the characteristics of an excellent man.
Ain't no man can avoid being born average, but there ain't no man got to be common.
My pitching philosophy is simple - keep the ball way from the bat.
I ain't ever had a job, I just always played baseball.
I never rush myself. See, they can't start the game without me.
I never threw an illegal pitch. The trouble is, once in a while I toss one that ain't never been seen by this generation.
Money and women. They're two of the strongest things in the world. The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else. Same with money.
Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Throw strikes. Home plate don't move.
I've said it once and I'll say it a a hundred times, I'm forty-four years old.
When a batter swings and I see his knees move, I can tell just what his weaknesses are then I just put the ball where I know he can't hit it.
You gotta keep the ball off the fat part of the bat.
Airplanes may kill you, but they ain't likely to hurt you.
If your stomach disputes you, lie down and pacify it with cool thoughts.
I was born in August, no July, 1908.
The only change is that baseball has turned Paige from a second class citizen to a second class immortal.
I don't generally like running. I believe in training by rising gently up and down from the bench.
If a man can beat you, walk him.
It's funny what a few no-hitters do for a body.
My feet ain't got nothing to do with my nickname, but when folks get it in their heads that a feller's got big feet, soon the feet start looking big.
Avoid running at all times.
Avoid fried foods, which angry up the blood.
