American,Musician
Dead fish don't swim around in jealous tides.
Having children showed me a whole different kind of love that I had never known. It was something that had always been missing. Complete love. I would die for them.
Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it.
Every single thing I've done has made me who I am today. The only thing I would take back is hurting the people that I love, and the people who I love have already read my lyrics and heard my apologies. But the rest of the world, I don't need to apologize to them. My life doesn't have anything to do with the rest of the world.
If I was in a zombie apocalypse, I wouldn't be playing music, because that would attract zombies.
I suffer from manic-depressive disorder, and I've chosen not to take medication for it. Because of that, every once in a while I go through manic episodes and really depressed episodes.
Computers and the Internet have made it really easy to rant. It's made everyone overly opinionated.
I prefer to break new ground, but it gets harder and harder with the territory that's already been walked on.
My favorite hobby is writing and recording songs at my studio. I like to surf, but I don't get a chance to do that as much as I'd like. I don't live close to the beach. I also like to ski, but I don't get to do that much, either.
I was just a kid in 1987 when I heard of the Pixies, the year after I graduated high school. But I had my band together, and my best friend at the time, Corey Hickock, who was the guitar player in the band that would become STP, Mighty Joe Young, turned me on to the Pixies.
I had always sung in choirs. Even when it was something to be laughed at or made fun of, you know, in school. And I was always the kid who was picked at the Christmas concert to sing the solo, you know, while the other kids snickered in the front few rows.
I've seen guys on the street who look the part of a rock star just as much as any rock star. If you feel it and you believe it, then you can get away with it. Rock on!
When you're in love, you've found your soul mate, you think life is going one way, and suddenly it's completely apparent it's not. You have to rethink your whole purpose.
Who you are as a person has to do with what you think and how you feel. It has to do with how you love and how you care for people.
Life doesn't make any sense unless you can enjoy the journey, and sometimes I take that for granted.
Processed pig is white trash meat. Some people call it Spam.
It doesn't matter what kind of problems a family is having; it should always stay in the family.
In my creative life, David Bowie is definitely an enormous influence on me, being one of rock's greatest shapeshifters.
We're only as big as our experiences.
Shoot the bad guys and I'll gladly sing a tune for you.
Sing the song or keep it inside.
To be appreciated by a whole 'nother generation of fans, all of a sudden discovering you, it's kind of what I did with the classic bands I love - the ones that influenced me.
As I've gotten older, I've found that I'm not afraid anymore to throw my influences into making a record.
Making an album should be an honest experience. It shouldn't be about trying to gauge where popular music is today; it should be about artistic expression and putting down what you want to put down.
It seems like everyone's got an agenda, and the agenda seems to be selling magazines or air time with sensational stories.
As horrible as jail was, there were some first-rate guys in there.
Any time you're stepping out on a limb as an artist, it's scary, especially when you have a lot of success. When you're reaching a lot of people, the masses, it's easy to stay in that niche, you know? Especially when you're making a lot of money and you know there's a formula, it's easy to stay in that rut.
There was a period when STP and I weren't making music - we weren't getting along very good at all. But I had my studio, so I was writing and recording a lot of music. But something told me not to put it out. It was all stream of consciousness; it was clever, but it didn't really have substance.
Anytime I feel squeezed into a box, I just lash out. My gut reaction is to strike. It's a different character onstage: there's a whole dark sexuality that's completely different from me. You know, I don't let anybody know who I really am.
There was a period of time where I really hated rock music.
When I was around nine years old, I was a fan of Shaun Cassidy's first album.
Bowie is probably my favorite all-around songwriter and performer and personality. His ability to change over the years is such an inspiration. I love 'Young Americans' and 'Fame.'
I really didn't get obsessed with Bowie until my freshman year in high school. I remember listening to 'Starman' and thinking it sounded like it was a song for kids, like a lullaby. The Thin White Duke is my favorite look that he created.
Not sure how I can be 'terminated' from a band that I founded, fronted and co-wrote many of their biggest hits. But that's something for the lawyers to figure out.
I really have paid no attention to social media. It's never been something that I've done. There are people that put up tour dates and basically say what's going on, but I need to get more involved, because I hear about rumors that are absolutely ridiculous.
People read things on Google, and they have these perceptions, these misconceived perceptions of who you are. At times that hurts, because they really don't know who I am.
Do I show up onstage late sometimes? That's something I could definitely work on. I'm human.
When bands got really big and sold a lot of records back in the day and did really well on the road, everyone developed a certain ego. And there's a certain entitlement that comes with that. And it stops people from communicating the way you used to communicate when you were in a band together and it was all for one, one for all.
I don't want to stay on the road for the rest of my life. I have two kids.
When I formed the band and created the Wildabouts with my friends, we decided we wanted to make a band-sounding album, a rock-sounding album. I made two solo albums before that were more experimental albums, and I think that they didn't really resonate with my fan base because they were too out-there, too artsy.
Lyrically, there's a lot of songs that are influenced by my wife. They're about my wife and I.
As I've gotten older and my life is a lot more stable, I've gotten more into storytelling.
One thing that has really influenced me with Bowie where I've taken an approach from him is how he changes from album to album and has always modified his sound and his appearance. I think that's an important thing.
Electric red hair is more for, like, people in their 20s and early 30s.
You can't be seen in your mid-40s wearing leather pants. No leather pants anymore.
For the most part, rock fans don't go and buy CDs any more, very rarely. It's pretty much about downloads and streaming.
You have to spend a lot more time on the road these days if you want to make a living with music.
When you become a television personality, it's difficult to maintain your musical credibility.
I like wearing fitted jackets mixed with jeans, a button-down shirt and a tie. I like to keep the rock and roll feel but class it up a bit. As far as stage clothes, I prefer John Varvatos and All Saints. They have clothing that is really accessible for wearing every day as well as for wearing on stage. I also love J. Lindeberg's suits.
The Beatles have always had a big effect on me.
I'm beyond the point of thinking I'm powerful enough to solve my own problems.
I was on the pro-Nirvana, anti-Pearl Jam bandwagon.
It's a horrible thing to have someone pretend like they know what you're about and call you a fraud when they haven't given you a fair shot.
I'm one of the luckiest people in the world that I was able to do what I fell in love with and be able to make a living doing it.
I still love making records, and I'm able to do it because I own my own studio, and I try to do it as much as possible.
I played in Velvet Revolver, which is a raw, bombastic blues band with a punk rock edge to it. It's like everything is based around the blues, no matter what the groove is.
Not many people are able to say that they had in their professional career the chance to perform in two bands that won Grammys and were multiplatinum bands.
I listened to a lot of Bob Dylan songs to see how he works. I've gotten into writing story-songs.
It's the same as Keith Richards. People still ask him the same questions they asked him 30 years ago, even though he's a completely different person. And I'm a completely different person than I was 15 years ago.
I used to just write about my own apathy, but that youthful, apathetic way of looking at things grew thin as I got older.
I feel lucky to be alive.
It's like, hey, some people cook for a living, and some people milk cows. I write songs.
