American,Actor
My mother taught me to be honest, to be selfless, and to touch people in a positive way.
To be really in shape, it's dynamic. It's got to be a lot of different everything, always switching it up. So a good day for me would be hit the gym, do some sort of cross training in the gym and then go surfing and then maybe take a jiu-jitsu class at night or go swimming at night or go stand up paddle boarding in the evening.
Regardless if what you do in the world, you do it good. You do your best, and you show up on time, and you leave and you do a good job, and you treat people the way you want to be treated.
My father taught me not to overthink things, that nothing will ever be perfect, so just keep moving and do your best.
I'm at the beach all the time. I surf. I fish. I dive. These things on Instagram are really my life with my buddies doing my normal day-to-day stuff. I happen to be shirtless a lot.
It's important to face your fears in life. Whatever they may be. Makes us grow. Blessed to be alive.
My old man is a man of few words.
I live a very simple life. I live away from all the Hollywood hype, and I try to keep it that way.
I'll probably not be the best actor in Hollywood, and I am okay with that. But I will be the hardest working one, and I'll be the one that people like to work with because I show up on time, and I don't complain.
You can only do what you can do in this world. If you start thinking of all the white noise out there, I think you'll go crazy.
Really I'm a fan of any movie, whether it's suspense, action, or comedy - anything that has a good story.
I got into this business because I like acting and I want to make movies. I would be happy living the rest of my life never famous.
I grew up on movie sets and traveling the world with my pops.
I like working with my hands. It feels good to build something yourself.
I'm single... if girls like me, hey, that's great. I think that's awesome.
My mom is my best friend and my biggest cheerleader.
I never understood actors who could just wait around.
David Ayer is one of the best directors I've ever worked with. He's a true man's man.
I grew up on movie sets, getting to see storytelling happen up close.
My dad never took himself too seriously. He always treated everyone with respect, and he made sure I was like that, too. I show up, I hit my mark, and I say my lines.
I am not the greatest actor in the world, but the reason I keep working is that I work hard and show up every day and be easy to work with.
My life doesn't change. I still have to go out and work hard every day and do the best that I can do.
I'm a third generation Californian, and there's a lot of talented, good-looking guys in California, so I'm just happy to be working and lucky to be working.
I've auditioned for pretty much every one of my father's movies.
My dad was pretty old school. I've had a job since I can remember, and it's not like he was like, 'Hey, what kind of car do you want?' My first car was a '91 Ford Crown Victoria that was $1,000. And I had to buy every car after that. I had to do it all.
My dad was always super-active and got me in the gym at a young age. He wanted me to be health-conscious. 'Healthy body, healthy mind'; that's what he preached to me.
