American,Actor
The biggest challenge for everybody to realize out there is that we're in a very complicated business world and that were all under one umbrella and it's very challenging for everybody to figure out where the priorities lie and where the loyalties lie.
I've always been a big fan of time travel, and I'm very into the notion that some day we'll be able to do it. Beam me up!
I don't think that a company should own a studio and the network, and program for their own network. It hurts the creativity - it is not a level playing field.
I like fantasy. I've always been the kind of kid who likes to dream about other things I could be and exotic situations I could be in.
The reality of our business is that for every actor who's rolled up his tent and given up and gone home, the next day you hear about some shoe salesman at Macy's who had this audition and now he's Harrison Ford. There's always that carrot out there in our business.
I went into show business because I love to work with people, and what I enjoy most about acting is rehearsing and getting to know people and their talents, forming relationships. Working in this business, barriers drop and you get into people real quickly.
Sunday night was such a big night for television when I was growing up - you know, 'The Wonderful World of Disney.'
And I've always felt comfortable certainly in a courtroom because you're just performing. And there was a time in my life when I thought when I grew up I'd be a trial lawyer myself.
Running for me has always been a great place to get away. It's a great stress reliever for me. It's great if I need to be working on something in my mind, whether it's things I need to be memorizing or thinking about, or I have some presentation coming up.
It's a joyful, humbling feeling to be in different places around the planet, and people have seen shows that I'm proud of being a part of, that do have things to say about the human condition, the planet, and who we are and where we've come from, that will sustain.
I am very much against weapons in space. And I wish we could be spearheading that program to come to some kind of international agreement so that doesn't happen. That is my only - fear - in further space exploration like always, we hope it doesn't get abused.
Ideally, people find mates with whom they can express both their masculine and feminine sides.
On the whole, show business is a hard business in which to be married.
The great thing about show business is that there's no mandatory retirement age.
I was a huge fan of the original 'Star Trek,' and I'd never even dreamed that I would someday be captain of a starship.
A lot of people don't know that I'm a singer - that's my thing, really.
You want to try and bring a character to life in an honest a way as you possibly can. It doesn't matter whether he's a doctor, an actor, a car salesman or a captain of a starship. If you can bring truth and honesty to that character, then your audience will believe you.
In the fantasy, sci-fi world, the fans are so discerning and they're so tough and they're so intelligent, and they're so critical.
Well, I'm... first and foremost I'm a theater guy and everything that I know comes from the theater.
I'm constantly involved in theater, looking at theater, trying to do work in theater, support theater. And that's kind of my creative passion.
I've always had an affinity for lawyers. My dad is a lawyer. He's retired now. My brother is a lawyer.
What we are as actors, for better and for worse, is visible.
To do something for other people when they need it most just feels good.
The longest show I've ever done was four and a half years, so I can only imagine what ending an eight year show is like.
The end of shows are a nightmare for everybody because there is so much pressure to satisfy everyone, which of course you can't do.
I've always been told I had an old face. So when I was in my 20s, I never got to play a teenager.
To be quite honest, I find that it's easier to do parts that are wrapped up in different hair and wardrobe and eras, and different period behavior, than it is to play closer to the present.
I think the challenge in hour television or half-hour television is that the more it's around, certainly on commercial television, the less time you have to tell stories these days, because the more commercials they're putting in.
'Certainly Men of a Certain Age' was different for me and allowed people to see me in a different light. Maybe that opened up minds a little bit.
I'm a musical theater guy. That's where I came from. That's where I go whenever I have the chance. It's my first love.
After 'Quantum Leap,' a lot of sci-fi things came my way, and I had to say, 'I can't do that right now.'
With any kind of sci-fi, the imagination continues, and the world exists, and you create that in your own mind, and it lives in you.
'Quantum Leap' gave me a huge opportunity as an actor. The nature of the role and it's demands allowed people to perceive me as a versatile actor, and the wide success of the show around the planet gave me a certain notoriety that helped me get other work.
I've done a lot of work other than sci-fi, and between half-hour comedy, stage, and various movie roles, I've really tried to avoid being typecast.
I haven't really thought about where to scatter my ashes when the time comes, but I doubt that it would be in space.
I love 'White Christmas.' That's one of my favorites just because I love the music. I love the story, Bing Crosby. It's just one of my all time favorites. And it's hard to have a Christmas without seeing a little bit of Jimmy Stewart and angels running around town.
I've always had an affinity for lawyers. My dad is a lawyer. He's retired now. My brother is a lawyer. It's always been easy, the legalese.
I'd really like to play bad guys or guys that have something a little bit off about them. And I get to do that periodically.
I've shot a lot of places, and I've produced. I always thought, 'Gosh, when you shoot in a big city, it's so difficult.' And New York, I always think, 'Where are you going to park the trucks? How are you going to stop the traffic?'
I've done great theatre, great films and had a lot of opportunities in television. I also love to sing, and I've been able to do that once or twice in the television shows.
I like pop, rock n' roll, big band, Broadway - I like all those elements.
