American,Actor
I'm cool with the way I look, I'm not an ugly dog, but I don't see myself as a stud or anything.
My role model is my dad.
Everyone should walk across the Brooklyn Bridge. I did it three days in a row because it was one of the most exhilarating experiences I've ever had. The view is breathtaking.
I try to make the best of the opportunities that have been given to me.
I consider myself to be a good guy so it's not hard for me to play that.
I love everything Minnesota.
The longest road trip I've ever been on is from Minnesota to Los Angeles.
I'm never afraid to try something if I think it's funny. And I know I'll regret it if I don't.
I grew up in Minnesota and everyone is so nice there. It is like Fargo. Everyone's so chipper and you make friends just grocery shopping. We kill each other with kindness.
I live right next to a grocery store and I don't know if it's the bachelor in me, but I just go in and shop for what I need for the day. I'm an idiot because I don't shop for the whole week. The check out clerks always crack jokes about the fact that I'm in there sometimes twice a day.
My dad was diagnosed with cancer, so we ended up burying him a year to the day that he was diagnosed.
I'm a method actor.
I did this TV show, which was my first job ever. It wasn't a real acting part. It was like this promo for this sitcom and the main actress was meeting three different real people and then she was going to decide who was going to be on the episode.
I'm a much better singer than actor, which doesn't really say a whole lot.
When I was in high school I was a super serious athlete. I wasn't fun at all.
At times it's been weird because for the first phase of my career, I've been really well-known for a character that I was so not like and a character I never anticipated doing.
I don't really party.
In high school I went on about three dates.
I was pretty shy.
I wanted to make people feel the same way I feel when I see a good movie.
I'm really picky.
The surprising thing is that I was not funny in high school. I was always jealous of the funny kids because they always got the girls. I couldn't tell a joke to save my life.
I think I've done every disgusting thing you can in a film.
Maybe I'll just become a cartoon character because there's nothing left for me to do in an R-rated comedy.
I find that when you see somebody in the tabloids all the time, you have no desire to see them in movies.
There's a lot of us idiot actors that get tattoos and they cover them with makeup when you do a film.
I love being able to create something from the page and bring it to life.
I always think everything has been the best part of my life.
When I was maybe like, under 10 years old, I was kind of like a maniac.
New York is like a vacation - no beach required.
In L.A. everyone is in the entertainment industry, so you're forced to think about work.
I've definitely been typecast, but I have time to do other things and I was glad to have the chances I did.
I would watch 'The Dukes of Hazzard' on loop. At one point I had 30 televisions in my bedroom and I would watch it over and over.
I tend to go for women with common sense. Being down to earth stands out more than looks.
I was a total athlete. I loved sports, but when I realized I wasn't going to be a professional athlete, I realized I wanted to be in movies.
I wish I had more confidence.
I don't generally do movies that get good reviews.
You know, I've always wanted to do dramas. When I moved to L.A., that was my dream, because I never really grew up watching comedies, although of course I loved 'Dumb & Dumber.'
When 'American Pie' happened, I was so lucky to get that opportunity and I just tried to do a good job in that genre. But the films that inspired me as a kid were, like, Malcolm McDowall in 'A Clockwork Orange.' He was my hero.
I'm awful at hockey.
It's been a huge blessing, being able to travel and have a great life.
Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them.
I grew up, probably like a lot of people, on cartoons. And I never thought I would have the chance to be in an animated movie. It's good also to show the world my sweet side with them.
I'm the kind of guy that if I don't work out, I will get bigger and look like one of the guys who used to play sports.
I don't know anything about this engagement stuff. I never thought I was going to get engaged.
You have to have fear to take risks - and I want to at least try.
I'm still trying to figure myself out as an actor.
I don't know where the loyalty lies in baseball. You really don't have to protect each other much, unless there's like a bench-clearing brawl. In hockey, it's important that they look out for each other.
