American,Musician
It's okay to be crazy, but don't be insane.
My mind is always racing, and always going and always working, and it's a gift and a curse.
If you dream and you believe, you can do it.
I want to have a cultural impact. I want to be an inspiration, to show people what can be done.
I don't say it in a cocky way, but I take pride in being one of the best at doing what I do.
I can't say that I've fully achieved my dream yet. I'm just starting to evolve.
I have had fans make me the big picture collages of the photo books; I have had fans send me birthday cakes... sing to me on my voicemail. I have had fans flash me. I have had older fans give me their bras and underwear onstage.
Bad Boy Entertainment did not shoot anybody. I didn't shoot anybody.
Everyone has challenges and lessons to learn - we wouldn't be who we are without them.
I was proud of working 18 hours a day and sleeping three hours a night. It's something now that has turned into a problem for me: not being able to sleep... having insomnia.
I don't believe in fear - I live my life without regrets.
My style is to service my community through entertainment and products.
Don't get yourself in certain circumstances or instances, because it's not a good feeling to be sitting in that chair where you've got 12 people that are in control of your life. You have an opportunity to be in control of your life for yourself by the decisions that you make.
It feels like I could go outside with a bikini thong on right now.
I have so much respect for people in the theater. You can't do 10 or 15 takes. It's all live. It's like life in motion.
Man, I just feel blessed... I was in a situation where the only way I could come out of it was by putting my faith in God. No matter how good my lawyers were, no matter how much celebrity I had, everything was just stacked up against me.
At an early age, I started my own paper route. Once I saw how you could service people and do a good job and get paid for it, I just wanted to be the best I could be in whatever I did.
Music is the most powerful form of communication in the world. It brings us all together. Even religion separates us, but a hit record unites us across religious beliefs, race, politics.
One of my weaknesses is that I actually have a conscience.
I miss my kids sometimes and that can get me down when I've been away working, but then I wake up and recognize how incredibly lucky I am. Spending time being down is less time out there achieving and enjoying.
I just want to be happy. You know what I'm saying? I just want to be happy, and I want to be able to make somebody else happy.
I think that's good that I have to watch how I act and what I say. I think that's a part of growing up.
I'm glad the truth is out. I'm glad everyone knows I'm innocent, not guilty.
I love New York, it's always been my home. It has everything - music, fashion, entertainment, impressive buildings, huge parks, street cafes. And it's very international, with people from all over the world.
I feel safe in white because deep down inside, I'm an angel.
I am a marathon runner. I ran the New York City marathon and almost died. I tried to run, like, a two-minute mile early on in the race. I was crazy enough to think I could win. After seven miles I thought I would die, but I slowed down my pace and kept going.
Smell is incredibly important and sensual; it communicates who you are.
You can't start changing things in your past. Everyone has challenges and lessons to learn - we wouldn't be who we are without them. I certainly wouldn't be who I am.
I just feel if you are an artist, you always have something to prove, if you are in music or in films, you have to prove that you can still do your best.
I'm like a child inside and I really get excited, so sometimes when I'm trying to go to bed, I'm so excited about the next day that I can't go to sleep.
Revolt is designed to be a home for the next generation of musical artists, and we are investing in the artists and fans of the future. Revolt is for artists, by artists. This won't just be the P. Diddy network.
I come from a world of hip-hop, but I love all types of music, and that's what Revolt will reflect. It will be home to electronic dance music, pop, hip-hop.
My mother's no dummy. She taught the lesson about sacrificing for your kids, but also that if your kids hit it big, they better make it up to you for those years. She's gotten her sacrifices back with interest.
Revolt is my new - cable music network. It's distributed through Time Warner and Comcast. And to put it simply, it is the ESPN of music.
People from all walks of life and all over the world look at me and know my humble beginnings and know that everything I've done has been through hard work. People respect me as a marketer and brand builder.
