American,Businessman
I had a desire to prove to myself that I was actually in control - that I wasn't a puppet.
If there's some triumphant end of the story, I guess in a roundabout way I've gotten what I wanted, which is the ability to do interesting things and the wealth to be free.
I definitely wanted to earn my freedom. But the primary motivation wasn't making money, but making an impact.
Part of the challenge of being an entrepreneur, if you're going for a really huge opportunity, is trying to find problems that aren't quite on the radar yet and try to solve those.
I think the perception of wealth and power is that things just become easier and easier when in reality as you raise the stakes things become more stressful.
I lived on couches for something like six months. I had no home. I was totally broke. I would stay at a friend's house for two weeks, then move because I didn't want to become this permanent mooch.
I can sort of do what I want. Maybe I have to work harder to prove myself in some new relationship because they've heard some wacky stories about me. But at least I can get the meeting.
I suffer from the delusion that every product of my imagination is not only possible, but always on the cusp of becoming real.
It seems like the right thing to do is tackle problems other people aren't working on.
Running a start-up is like eating glass. You just start to like the taste of your own blood.
Start-up teams are always in flux, so, like all start-ups, we're always talking to candidates for various key roles.
There is no simple answer to what I think.
My interactions with Sorkin were agonisingly weird. He is by far the weirdest person I have ever met. I had dinner with him and a few hours before I got an e-mail from his assistant saying, 'Sean, this does not need to be a long conversation. Aaron is only going to use it to win your trust.'
Solving specific problems is what drives me. I am not interested in having a career. I never have been.
I've never been much of a joiner.
There came a time when these two incompatible notions of who I was, well, something had to give. Either that 'something' is where you acquiesce to the world around you and you conform, or you sort of defiantly break whatever remaining bonds connect you to that world and create for yourself a different set of values.
At every point I am besieged by people who would like me to conform to some social norm of whatever sort of social group they expect me to be a part of. I never have any identification with these social groups.
One of the difficulties in living the lifestyle I lead is that it is hard to get my friends in one place.
Gray hats are the ones who think they're doing good, but they're not. You learn that when the FBI shows up on your doorstep.
You start to accumulate your library of music. You want that music everywhere - that's the point where we monetize. If you want portability, mobility, and access, then you buy it.
You actually don't want people thinking your product is cool, because then you're a fad.
You want people using your product because it's a part of your life, then they can't stop using it.
You can now be a master of your own destiny. I'm not sure why you would sign up with a record label.
Look - There's good creepy and there's bad creepy. Today's creepy is tomorrow's necessity.
Facebook is such a basic utility. It's something that is such a part of peoples' lives, I think it's hard to imagine it going away.
I think being a wealthy member of the establishment is the antithesis of cool. Being a countercultural revolutionary is cool. So to the extent that you've made a billion dollars, you've probably become uncool.
