American,Writer
I'm not impressed by people's degrees. Harvard doesn't impress me, Yale doesn't impress me, Columbia doesn't impress me.
I have never seen any such quote anyplace, anywhere.
My life has been a gift up to this point, and I've been blessed beyond my wildest imagination. And wherever this ride takes me is where I'm going.
You can play golf with liberals, be neighbors with them, go out to dinner. I just don't want them in power.
I like guts in my leaders.
See what I have to put up with every night?
Can we pray for the re-election of George Bush?
Is it that you hate this president or that you hate America?
Is the president purposefully using propaganda and hyperbole to garner the American public for support?
Why should one U.S. airman give up his life when our national security is not in imminent danger?
Governor, why wouldn't anyone want to say the Pledge of Allegiance, unless they detested their own country or were ignorant of its greatness?
It doesn't say anywhere in the Constitution this idea of the separation of church and state.
I am very disciplined in my life and very up front. It is the only way I can do it and do it well. I am up every day at 7, and I feed my kids, no matter how long the day was.
I think you need people of principle, of character, that are leaders, that take stands on important tough issues that will affect the future of this country.
One of the best lessons I learned early is that not everything in life is about you. It is about service. If you want trips and excessive gifts, then don't get into public service.
So the mayor of New Orleans would have used his own buses had the people had been white?
With guests who are 'in the middle of the fight,' we're able to hear their point-of-view on the topics, as well as advance our own feelings.
I am a total loser, in every aspect of my life. I rarely go out. I have a great family and we spend all our time together. I work hard and play hard with them.
I hate when people use my tactics against me.
I'm a registered conservative.
One of my producers said this business is like a hamster on that little wheel thing that goes around and around. You may have a great day and get great ratings, but then you've got another show to do - whatever moment of success or happiness you have you've got to keep grinding it out for the next day.
I am a total loser, in every aspect of my life. I rarely go out.
My wife does wish I dressed better.
I really don't map out my life. There's no big plan.
I don't think we should proselytize a particular religion.
I was born to argue... I don't know why. I mean, from arguing with my teachers and, on occasions, my parents. I think I've mastered the art of argument at a fairly young age.
