American,Public Servant
There are doctors who help people who have done bad things; there are lawyers who defend bad people. I don't think it's unique to my profession.
It is a good thing to start fresh.
If the charge against me is that I fight to win, and I'm intense, then I'm guilty.
There's no one better to imitate than Carly Fiorina when it comes to a successful woman.
Mr. Icahn will be a leader in helping American entrepreneurs shed job-killing regulations that stifle economic growth.
We all make mistakes. I make them all the time.
I think when Donald Trump looks at the energy sector, he sees that as a place to really create wealth for this country and for individuals, to put Americans back to work with good-paying jobs that have benefits.
If we want to take a bunch of phrases and run them through a Google and say 'Hey, who else has said them,' I can come up with the list in five minutes.
What are we doing to make sure that people don't get the debate questions ahead of time - because I can tell you this: if my boss at the time, Reince Priebus, had gotten the debate questions, and handed them off, he would have been driven out of this town on a stake, and Donald Trump would have been vilified.
I'm a prankster, so some of the - you know, I like a good joke. I think when it's funny, it's funny.
I think the media, by and large, if you look at surveys over the years, has never been conservative-leaning by any measure.
To be clear, any attempt to hack or to do anything nefarious is wrong and illegal.
The press has a right to go out and write stories... but I think similarly, and what Donald Trump has proven... is that when people are wrong, he's going to hold them accountable, and he's going to correct the record.
I don't think, Donald Trump doesn't think, no one thinks that a foreign entity should be interfering with a foreign election.
Why aren't we talking about Hillary Clinton getting debate questions ahead of time? That's a pretty valid attempt to influence an election. Somebody giving her the debate questions and the answers of an election.
Donald Trump recognizes that a good leader is going to protect America's interests by making sure that we have a relationship with Russia: that our interests are protected, not theirs.
If you want to serve in a Trump administration, you're going to serve this country, not yourself.
Not everybody who supports Donald Trump, not everyone who supports Hilary Clinton, are exactly the kind of people that you want as supporters.
Donald Trump did exactly what he said he'd do on the campaign trail and frankly what we should have more of, which is luring companies to stay here by easing regulations, by lowering the tax burden so that more Americans can have U.S. jobs.
I think there's a difference between calling people out and understanding the role that the press plays in a free society.
Journalists and everyone in America has a constitutional right to express themselves or write what they want to write.
Conflicts of interest' arise when you're not - when you're sneaky about it, when you're shady about it, when you're not transparent about it. If you tell everyone, 'Here's what's going on. Here's the process; here are the people that are playing a role' - that's being transparent.
The number one focus of the American people has been jobs and the economy.
I have spent some time talking to Rex Tillerson. He's an amazing human being. He's an American success story, not just in his business life. He's a rags-to-riches success story. He stated working at 8, lived in a one-bedroom house until the time he went to college, and grew to become the CEO of one of the world's largest companies.
There's no question, I think, as more and more people get to know Rex Tillerson, they're going to be really proud of the choice that Donald Trump made as our next secretary of state.
I do have a problem with how 'Politico' has engaged in covering politics, especially on our side. I think it is tweet-happy, it is clickbait in many cases, and it's devoid of facts.
