American,Actress
I use products from my dermatologist but the best things you can do for your skin, are not smoke always use sunscreen and drink a lot of water.
I always carry Evian bottle and sunscreen.
However, most of my part, I play a pediatrician, and most of my role had to do with being in another place, staying at the hospital and trying to save kids and stay until people could come. So, it was more based on reality.
For me, Los Angeles, New York, where I don't know my neighbors, where people don't necessarily care if they know their neighbors, I'm missing things that truly fed my soul when I was younger, the exchanges between people, the caring and the shared history with people.
And so I was doing that and starving and somebody said you should model and I ran when they told me how much money you could make and I did a television commercial the first job.
And so much of my life has been about returning home and longing for home, wanting my children to know about my roots. And I thought I can't be the only one to feel this way so I thought it would be an interesting topic to explore.
As for ABC you can't take it personally. We had three good years.
Billy Campbell who is... I... truly one of the most talented actors today.
For example, when my mother died, the people who showed up just to put an apron on to cook, people who really do the right thing, so to speak, as my momma would always say to show that they care, a sense of community that we've lost so much in our country.
I had an art teacher who's the reason I got there in high school who encouraged me to go to Alabama. That's where she had gone and kept raving over their art department.
I have a strong belief in God... I find religion to be a very personal thing... I am also very spiritual.
I have decided not to do the spa. Too time consuming.
I haven't heard anything about a reunion show for Sisters. But if the script was good I would do it.
I think things like food, the food of the south is sort of the common tie that binds us all, Black and White, the sense memories. It's a very particular part of the country.
I would consider a half hour sitcom if the script was good.
If I wasn't an actress I would run a fortune 500 company.
It's about, I did talk about my life in broad strokes and what home meant to me in order to really explore the subject of home and can you go back and what that means for people in that sense of community that we've lost.
Most of the press is sent to my publicist so I do see most of what is written about me.
My kids enjoy the Disney program, Lizzy McGuire.
No not at all... it is rare for shows to make it as long as Once and Again... It was a pretty good run.
Oh, definitely and I talk about all the things that I really needed to make me happy at that point in time were outside of Mississippi, and now all the things that I need to make me happy are back there.
Well I started studying to help me with these commercial auditions and I just loved it.
Which is a wonderful irony, I have property there. I go back every chance I get. One of the main reasons I actually wrote the book, agreed to write it having never wanted to do that in my life, very intimidating by the way to write a book.
You do become very close like a family but because you see each other for such an intense period of time on the set everyday. You really don't end up socializing that much.
Yes and our obsession with youth in our culture and how we, women lie about their age after 35 obsessively and no one wants to let anyone know they're getting older, et cetera.
