American,Actress
I have very little faith that I'll ever find someone. I've had some bad luck and I've made some bad choices - not in men, but in how I've chosen to deal with relationships.
I think I'm more approachable with long hair. When it's short, I come across as being artsy and weird.
I used to wear a lot of red lipstick, and when I got a pimple, I'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark.
I go from being hugely hopeful and entertaining to... really not. I'm not manic depressive, but I can really go to the darker side.
I'm pretty much a loner and I've lived under the radar.
I think getting married gave me a focus. It gave me a focus and direction I want to have in my life. And I think having another person that you make such a purposeful bond with has given me the opportunity to see how that can be with all the other aspects of my life.
I'm one of those hovering mothers and I know it's really important to have an independent child, so I'm trying to back off, but it's hard. I love him so much, and he's so funny and cute to me.
I think Vegas is the answer for pregnant people because of insomnia. It's open all the time and you go down and play your silly slots.
God knows, I never want to hurt someone's feelings.
I was a smoker for about 20 years.
My first crush was Spock. I thought it didn't get any better than Spock.
I will do almost anything for the sake of a joke or for the sake of someone's real belief in something to help tell a story. I will not do something shocking for the sake of being nasty. If it's not hurting anyone's feelings, I'm in on the joke.
I have no ego, I'll make fun of myself, and I'll make fun of being humiliated. I get it.
I have three sisters, that's it for the family.
If I get married, it's something you really have to work at. It's hard enough to work at having a relationship with best friends and girls that are in the business.
I played teen roles until high definition came out, and I could never understand it. I would go in for adult roles and be older than many of the people auditioning, but they'd cast the girl without a line on her face.
It was like I had a baby and I suddenly started to feel I could play anything.
I don't have the pressure of being a world-famous bombshell that has detonated.
Perhaps I have managed some sort of longevity because I haven't won the lead roles. I don't have the pressure of being a world-famous bombshell that has detonated.
Jason Lee made me laugh all the time because he's so big, and I love how goofy bodies can be.
I love to laugh and well, who doesn't?
I never want to be a showoff or attention getter or something that, truthfully, is kind of repulsive to me, but I get uncomfortable.
I don't always know how to communicate. I think I get a bit unfiltered and a bit strange to people.
I think I'm under the radar enough where I don't think I'm typecast as anything yet, so I'm pretty free and clear.
I do turn down things that I feel aren't right for me, like when it's some kind of adolescent thing that might typecast me, but I'm not worried about it.
A wedding is such a girl thing.
