American,Cartoonist
I'm wide open to getting married, but actors are not easy people to date. You end up sharing that person with this other mistress that is their career. I very much like the traditional courtship method of making a date. That's what they do in normal places, but Hollywood's not normal.
If something sticks around long enough that it makes it to seasonal D.V.D. release, I'll watch it. That's how I watched 'The Sopranos'.
Believe it or not, I have about the same success rate as anyone else. Sometimes you hit, sometimes you miss.
You gotta keep the funny intact.
The only problem is time.
People do that on Facebook and it's the dumbest thing in the world. I don't care what your dinner looks like. Stop cluttering up the Internet with pictures of your dinner.
If something is shocking without being funny it's hard to justify.
'Family Guy' has this weird thing of attracting people. People either hate it or can't get enough of it. There's really no one in between.
What makes me happy is just keeping my brain challenged and stimulated and on its toes.
Evolution doesn't care whether you believe in it or not, no more than gravity does. I want to rekindle excitement over what we've achieved as a species with the space program. We can't afford to regress back to the days of superstition.
I think at times I read too much of my own press. I wish I was better at taking in how great my life is, but that's surprisingly elusive. I tend to be very hard on myself and insecure about failing no matter what happens.
You would not want me on your football team.
I'm bad at golf.
'American Dad' is, by its nature, much more political.
The good thing about Broadway is that you don't have to worry about an airdate. It gets done when it gets done.
The success of 'The Simpsons' really opened doors. It showed that if you were working in animation you didn't necessarily have to be working in kids' television.
With any half-hour comedy, it kind of takes on its own life and finds itself.
Some of those more out-there jokes were written in the wee hours of the morning. Somehow, they remained funny the next day.
When you are in a room and your job is to write jokes 10 hours a day, your mind starts going to strange places.
Chris Elliott could read the phonebook and he's funny.
I wrote on a show called Johnny Bravo when I was at Hanna-Barbera.
The quest for Tommy Lee Jones' laugh begins now.
I can't believe I am hosting the Oscars. It's an honor everyone else said no.
Denzel Washington has a great sense of humor. He did all those 'Nutty Professor' movies.
There have to be people who are vocal about the advancement of knowledge over faith.
I was a big Fred Flintstone fan.
I have a car that I like - an Aston Martin - for Sunday drives in the country.
If I were to do a musical, I think I would rather make a film musical.
'The Brady Bunch' asks nothing of you as a viewer. Sometimes is just what the doctor ordered.
On a certain day, I will tweet five times, and then I'll go four days without tweeting at all. It really depends on what time allows. Twitter, priority-wise, has to come after the work is done.
There was no joke I could make that was too offensive. I can actually remember at least one time where my mother told me something that, I was like, 'whoa!'
I was about two years old when I first started drawing recognizable characters.
I'm big on the importance of science, particularly right now at this point in time when there's sort of a systematic rejection of science by a lot of people in America.
You don't want to be nasty for the sake of being nasty.
I'm sure there are close calls that we're not even aware of hundreds of times a year. You cross the street, and if you'd crossed the street two minutes later, you'd have been hit by a car, but you'd never know it. I'm sure that kind of stuff happens all the time.
I had - I was pretty hell bent on getting into the cartoon business specifically as an artist from the get-go.
We never really tried to shock for shock's sake on 'Family Guy'. If something was horribly offensive and shocking, we would put it in if it was also hysterically funny.
Obviously I'm a big fan of 'South Park', but it gets tiring at times when there's so much of it.
The problem with the cable networks is the lack of money, not from personal income but as far as show budget.
I'm from Connecticut, and we don't have any dialects. Well, I don't think we have any dialects, and yeah, it's very complex. That Rhode Island/Massachusetts New England region is arguably the hardest dialect to nail.
