American,Actress
Everybody deserves a second chance in this world. That's basically all I ask.
Have you ever felt like a phone call that's been disconnected?
Your life changes. Everything has to be done perfectly, and I didn't follow that. I lived my life as if I wasn't in the public eye. I thought, 'I'm young. I have the right to experience new things, and if I want to go to a bar and get drunk, that's my prerogative.'
If God wanted us to be naked, why did he invent sexy lingerie?
This is a free country, and nobody should be criticized for their political beliefs. We're all allowed to have our opinions.
All my fans tell me what a glamorous life I have, but I tell them how hard I work and how many nights I spend alone with my dogs, eating chicken pot pie in my bedroom.
Whenever I get frustrated, I tell myself, you could be working at a 7-Eleven right now, so never take for granted what you do for a living.
My inner child is not wounded.
I met Ashley two weeks before I married him. It was a joke-the most ridiculous thing I've ever done. Once I was married, I didn't want to be a failure, so I stuck it out for six months, which was about six months too long.
Five minutes before I went on, I looked at my manager and said, I'm going to get booed. I know it's going to happen. And you're responsible because you put me on here. It was horrible. I've never been more hurt in my entire life.
For a while I couldn't leave the house by myself. Even if I was just grocery shopping alone, I'd get self-conscious.
I'm from the South. I'm a Southern Baptist. I have a conservative point of view. I'm a Republican.
I can't stand unpacking.
I definitely lived my life like I wasn't in the public eye.
I don't think you should do things in your personal life differently because you're a role model.
I have never had anything done. I've been asked if I had breast implants. Whether I did or not, it's nobody's business but my own.
I realize it's probably best to keep my politics to myself.
I realize that the majority of people in the entertainment business happen to be Democrats. I have no problem with that. And they should have no problem with the fact that I'm a Republican.
I still get nervous on dates. I'll be sitting at dinner with a guy and I have to excuse myself and go to the bathroom because I can't breathe.
I'm a conservative. I was an avid supporter of Ronald Reagan; I thought he was fabulous.
I'm not a violent person and I don't hit people.
If I kind of like a guy, then I'm a fantastic flirt. But with a guy I truly like, I get painfully shy.
If somebody wants to have plastic surgery, more power to them. I think there's a point where you go overboard.
That's something I go through every day - you know - Am I good enough to act?
There's not one cast member of 90210 who didn't throw a tantrum to two themselves.
You just have to keep believing in yourself.
