American,Actress
My personal style and public style are very different. When I go out, I play dress up.
Nobody took me too seriously but I was grown up even as a baby.
At first it was exhilarating but when I realized it wasn't going away, it became scary and claustrophobic. Fame is a weird thing.
I'm enjoying my years, I'm enjoying my life, I'm enjoying my family. I'm just happy - a happy person.
I eat right, I sleep, I work out, I'm happy. I have a beautiful family, nice friends. I choose the good things. I choose the happy, healthy things. I don't choose the bad, unhealthy, unhappy things.
I like to be bought flowers and taken out for dinner. I like a man to be a gentleman. I don't like to be treated as if I am brainless. I like to be respected and to give respect.
I've never been willing to lie about my age. Why on earth would I want to tell people I'm 35, which I'm not, and have them say, 'Oh that's nice,' when I could tell them I'm 47, which I am, and have them look at me and go, 'Whoa!'. I'm not afraid of aging. I stopped being afraid of life a long time ago.
Peace does exist. It exists in your heart and soul.
People are afraid of changing; that they're losing something. They don't understand that they are also gaining something.
Watching children grow up, you learn a lot about life and about being a better person - you learn a lot about what's really important in the world and what isn't.
If you want to have plastic surgery or cosmetic surgery, live it up; go ahead and have it. But if you don't want to have it, don't have it.
We've got 400,000 girls with beach-y blonde hair, the same nose, gigantic lips, implants in their cheeks, and little Chicklets for teeth. Are they really prettier?
I've had the same breasts for my entire adult life.
I like to drive with my knees. Otherwise, how can I put on my lipstick and talk on the phone?
I'm not trying to make myself look like a girl because I'm not a girl anymore. I'm very happy about being a grown woman.
I think, for a long time, people just did not know what to do with me. I looked like a Barbie doll, and then I had this voice like I spend my life in a bar, and I said things that were alarming and had ideas that didn't make sense.
I feel more grounded and more settled than I ever have. I don't know whether that is to do with my spirituality or whether I'm wiser about life, but as you age you become more selective about what you listen to, devote your time to and who you hang out with.
It's my experience that you really can't lose when you try the truth.
A woman has many faces as she goes through her life. It's like we need more than one hair-do. We have many, many changes in the evolution of our lives. We have, we learn, and we grow; we view life differently, and life views us differently.
I like being a woman, not a girl.
I drive with my knees. Otherwise, how can I put on my lipstick and talk on my phone?
My weakness is dark chocolate. I carry little tins of it in my purse.
I could do nice, but it's just not as much fun. Being nice isn't my biggest goal in life. I'm trying to be honest about who I am, and that's not always nice. I'm not always the world's cheerleader.
We must have safe places where people can discuss and be treated. Forty-four million people are already dead from AIDS. What logic is there in not discussing the word?
People don't change their behavior unless it makes a difference for them to do so.
If you act like you know what you're going, you can do anything you want - except neurosurgery.
I think it's really important that the people who are going to make decisions for other people have fair, truthful and compassionate regard for all people, not just some people.
Any man in Hollywood will meet me if I want that. No, make that any man anywhere.
I always thought I would adopt. Even when I was young, I used to look up how to adopt.
I was lucky to have my dad in my life. As crazy as things got, I always had him to put his hand on my shoulder.
I understand what it's like to go to hospitals and there's no medicine, and the best thing you have to give the patients is compassion.
I've made humanitarian causes and my children much more my priority than the Hollywood scene, being liked and getting movie parts.
I can go completely berserk with the makeup, depending on the event. I'm currently in this very mod stage. I wear false lashes and color on my eyelids. I'm really liking shiny eyelids in copper, rose, gold, or silver.
I am big into aromatherapy.
I don't really want to be fat, so I stop before I am. I'm not a vegetarian, but I might go through a phase when I'm not interested in eating protein for a week or so, and then I might go through a phase when I eat nothing but steak.
People are really emotionally affected by actors. And it's hard to know how to behave in a way that doesn't impose or withdraw. Because everybody wants your attention. Everywhere you go, you know?
I certainly think Halle Berry's a wonderful role model. She's a terrific stepmother and has shown that in so many beautiful ways and has made such enormous strides for women culturally and such great successes as an actress and philanthropist.
I'm not big on plastic surgery for me but I don't fault it for someone who wants it for them. You have to do what makes you feel good, but it's not my thing.
I was, like, forty at birth. When I wasn't even a year old, I spoke, I was potty trained, I walked and talked. That was it. Then I started school and drove everybody crazy because they realized I had popped out as an adult. I had adult questions and wanted adult answers.
I don't think there is anything wrong with cosmetic surgery at all. I think it's great. But I don't think it's alright to distort yourself.
You can't treat an illness with cosmetic surgery, and that's why it would be great if there were qualified therapists in plastic surgeons' offices, and that people would go to a therapeutic meeting before plastic surgery. I think that should be part of the FDA requirement.
As women, we understand our bodies, and there's a blossoming that occurs. We're hungry for gourmet meals instead of the fast food. We bring to life a more expansive understanding of life, ourselves, and others. We are more generous and assertive.
People are really emotionally affected by actors. And it's hard to know how to behave in a way that doesn't impose or withdraw. Because everybody wants your attention.
I wear Aveda Energizing oil. I am big into aromatherapy.
Dior makes the best lip glosses going. I'm nuts about them, especially the clear one with the silver sparkles. I got addicted to DiorShow Mascara, too. It makes you look like you're wearing false eyelashes. It's the only one that rivals Maybelline.
It seems to be unfathomable to people that I just happen to be 49 and look good. I am totally capable of accepting myself.
There was a point in my 40s when I went into the bathroom with a bottle of wine, locked the door, and said, 'I'm not coming out until I can totally accept the way that I look right now.'
Every time I exercise, I do something different based on which areas need to get in motion.
This idea that being youthful is the only thing that's beautiful or attractive simply isn't true. I don't want to be an 'ageless beauty.' I want to be a woman who is the best I can be at my age.
Stardom is no longer the fuel of my soul. It is the deeper aspects of life that nurture me. And I realise I am very blessed.
I swear to God, I went in to buy bikinis, and the lady's like, 'You're not getting out of this store 'til you get down there and show me what you do for those abs and the arms.' She wouldn't sell me my bikinis! I had to get on the floor and do the stomach thing.
I go on benders where I just exercise like a maniac. And then I go on benders where I just can only take baths. Like, I have to lay down to bathe, and I could go on that for six months.
The most fun I ever had on a movie was working with Albert Brooks. He's the caviar of comedy. I mean, nobody's funnier; nobody is smarter than Albert Brooks.
When I started acting, I was asked said, 'What's your dream?' 'What would you like to achieve?' I would say, 'Oh, I'd like to sit opposite DeNiro and hold my own.' But, you never think it's gonna happen.
I like porterhouse steak, rib-eyes and New York strip. This works for me because I have very low cholesterol and low blood pressure. It's not good for everyone; you have to talk to your doctor about that. I also eat fish and cheese. I like clean food prepared as simply as possible.
I think, at a certain point, it's better for women not to have any alcohol because it can make your face, breasts and midsection get very bloated.
I've been famous for a long, long time. So I don't think of it - I think of it very differently. It's the normal temperature of my room.
I'm relentless. My mother says I could sell ice to the Eskimos.
After I was really unhappy and unhealthy, I think it dawned on me to stop doing the unhappy, unhealthy things.
I think I am aging, but I'm enjoying the process.
I really get pursued by men in their 20s, like, a lot. They probably know there's food in the fridge and that somebody's going to talk to them and ask them how their day was.
I don't thrive on the concept of being naked at every possible moment, but it's not the biggest deal in the world to me.
Whenever I play something, everybody just thinks that's who I am.
I don't think Julia Roberts is as innocent as her image suggests. You have to be a really smart cookie to create an image as clean and pure and on-the-money as hers.
It's funny, but I never knew I was hot or could be beautiful until I saw 'Basic Instinct,' and I was so shocked when I saw how pretty they made me.
I failed at the biggest things there are in life. I failed in my health, I failed in my marriage, I failed in everything, and I've picked myself up and gone on.
When I was young, all I wanted to be was a movie star. At a certain point, I started to grow up and really care about what I did.
I don't take myself very seriously. I like to make people laugh. You know, it's like, if a woman can't be happy for another woman's work, they have to go work on that.
Believe me, when people say, 'We want to pay you X-million to do this movie,' I won't be the girl who hangs back saying, 'Oh, I really don't deserve it,' I'll be, 'Un-hunh, hand it right over.'
This idea that being youthful is the only thing that's beautiful or attractive simply isn't true.
Realise when you are 'middle aged' you have a chance for a whole second career, another love, another life.
You may be sick of what you did the first half of your life, but you don't have to just walk around and play golf or doing nothing. It's not like fifty is the new thirty. It's like fifty is the new chapter.
There's a value to getting the meal on the table every night, and there's a value to being an old-school kind of parent.
I was a short order cook in a pool hall in college. So, I am the fastest cook in the world.
I think when you love a child, it's a different kind of love. You think, 'I love more every day. I love more every day, more every day, I couldn't possibly love any more, I'm going to blow up.' And then you blow up. Your chest actually starts to hurt. You love so much, you think I can't love any more.
I don't think anybody whose ever been divorced can tell you divorce is easy or fun or feels like anything other than a tremendous failure.
Divorce is hard and painful and complicated, and something you have to grow through.
India has an enormous amount of AIDS awareness.
Some countries that I go to are still trying to deny that it's happening. In India, 2.1 million people are living with HIV AIDS. India manufactures most of the drugs that are used to cure HIV around the world, which is an amazing, amazing fact that most people don't know.
I feel sad when I realize how much truth is being changed or obscured in the American media.
