American,Actor
Although I have a lot of close female friends in my life, my number one is still my mom. Without her, I wouldn't have the values that I have and see the world the way that I do today. She taught me how to appreciate and respect women. She taught me chivalry and how to love a woman and respect their feelings and emotions.
I could describe my career in two words: who knew. I was on the path to becoming a professional baseball player, but I got injured in college. When I decided to move out to L.A. to try acting, nobody was betting on me, not even my family. But it's always been that way for me; nothing has come easy.
Because I could throw so hard when I got to college, they made me a pitcher. If I had to it all over again, I would have stuck to playing in the outfield. I loved running. I can catch everything in the outfield. I could throw people out from the fence.
I could describe my career in two words: who knew. I was on the path to becoming a professional baseball player, but I got injured in college. When I decided to move out to L.A. to try acting, nobody was betting on me, not even my family.
No week is ever the same in my world! An average week in my life changes based on my shooting schedule, if I'm promoting a project, or anything else I have going on.
I'm raised by a single mom and didn't have pops around for the most part of my life. And she, by any means necessary, gave me the best opportunities that she knew how to give me.
Let a woman have her place, because as you provide foundation for her, she provides a foundation for you. And through that vulnerability comes strength.
I still have shy qualities but nobody would believe that, just because we're in the forefront and I can talk a lot of mess and I can run my mouth.
You know, I don't play the race card a lot. I'm half-black, half-white, and I'm proud of - my skin is brown. The world sees me as a black man, but my mother didn't raise me as a black man. She didn't raise me as a white guy.
I'm not a machine. I get really motivated, then I fall off the wagon and want to eat Chinese food and sit on my couch and gain five or 10 pounds!
We never get enough of falling in love and believing in love.
I always speak so highly of my mom because she's my partner in crime, and none of this would be possible without her love and support. Always have to make time for Mom.
Denzel has been that leading man, but it took him a while to get to Training Day and Hurricane Carter.
After eight years on 'Young and the Restless' and eight years on 'Criminal Minds,' I'm ready for that next phase of my career.
There are days when I feel confident, and I feel like, 'OK, this outfit looks nice, I look good, I'm in shape.' But I'm never going to walk out the house trying to be sexy, because that to me is cheesy and not attractive.
Orlando's a part of me. The next guy's a part of me. And the next guy's a part of me. That's all I'm trying to do, is tell cool stories that people can relate to.
Well, you can't compete with a six foot five man in a wig.
That's because I didn't have to work with Madea. I only had to work with Madea once, and that was at the barbecue and I didn't have to get close to her.
Television is in a different time because of reality television, so it's not as exciting.
It was truly a lesson in don't take something at face value. You know, so many of us do in life. Whether it's because of how somebody looks or because of what they're wearing or what have you, you kind of assess a person in the first five minutes before they even speak.
I'm a drama guy.
I think because people are passing - people that we are aware of are passing at - I don't say a great pace, but it seems like people are dropping, and I think it's just making - there's a consciousness and there's sensitivity to it.
I loved running. I can catch everything in the outfield. I could throw people out from the fence.
I hosted Soul train but I listen to everything.
I got rock in me.
I got country music in me.
I'm not saying that I am all of my characters, but for me to bring a character to life, you've got to be able to find your own truth.
Whether it's because of how somebody looks or because of what they're wearing, you kind of assess a person in the first five minutes before they even speak.
I admire Brad Pitt, honestly, just because of how he started and the obstacles he had to overcome to have the career that he's had.
Each morning needs to start with a good sweat. I'm either working out at home or on set, depending on my call time.
