American,Writer
The problem is that too many adults think their kids' lives are simple, or they try to make their lives simple, when their emotional lives are just as complicated as ours. They might have a few less tools to deal with it because they're young, but the emotions are all the same, and the subject matter is all the same.
Don't live up to your stereotypes.
I don't know what any individual should do about crossing her own borders. I only know that I live a happier, more adventurous life, by crossing borders.
My father was sleepless most of his life. So by the age of five, I was awake with him all night long, watching bad television or we'd lie in the same bed, and I'd read my comic books while he read his latest spy or mystery novel.
You want the good life? You live where white people live, you go to school where white people go to school, and you shop where white people shop.
I grew up in a storytelling culture, a tribal culture, but also in an American storytelling culture.
I'm a method writer. In order to write about the emotion, I have to experience it. I get physically tired and exhausted, devoting hours and hours and hours to it.
We all know the Indians were colonized by the Europeans, but every colonized Indian has been colonized by the Indian reaction to colonization.
But the real interesting stuff is in the cellar and the attic.
When you read a piece of writing that you admire, send a note of thanks to the author.
My father is an amazing man.
Nostalgia is always doomed and dooming.
My only purpose is to teach children to rebel against authority figures.
The people who loved me when I was seven years old love my books, and the people who didn't like me when I was seven years old don't like my books.
What inspires a poem for me is usually a moment.
I think a lot of Indians want Indian artists to be cultural cheerleaders rather than cultural investigators.
Writing is a lonely business.
The dream he needed most was the dream that frightened him more.
You know, people speak in poetry all the time. They just don't realize it.
There have been players with Indian heritage, but there hasn't been a Native-American professional basketball player who became a regular for all sorts of social and political reasons.
There isn't a lot of poverty literature in the young-adult world. And I don't know why that is, but I think certainly I felt a gap.
White Americans have a short memory.
My father was always depressed. When he was home and sober, he was mostly in his room.
I don't think there's a whole lot of class literature at all. I think most of that has become racially based, and people don't think of it as being class literature.
I've come to the point in my life where I encourage young Native Americans to become much more selfish about their personal needs and wants.
All art is exploitation.
