American,Athlete
No matter how far life pushes you down, no matter how much you hurt, you can always bounce back.
There was the misconception out there that I retired after the 2008 season, but that was never the case. I wasn't done with basketball yet, and I'm still not done.
You have to be positive, and I'm not just talking about athletics, this also applies to life.
I like to see people doubt me.
I'm at a place in my life right now where I'm very happy, very content. I'm finally OK with the idea of who I love, who I want to be with.
For me, honestly, it's not about individual accomplishments, individual award. It's about what I've got to do and how I can contribute to the team.
To me, the most important thing is happiness.
Some people might say my coming out after just winning the MVP award is heroic, and I understand that.
I can't help who I fall in love with. No one can.
Discovering I'm gay just sort of happened much later in life.
I always believe someone somewhere is working harder than me and that motivates me to work harder, give 100%.
If you do not believe yourself no one else will.
Dream big work hard.
As a result of Title IX, and a new generation of parents who want their daughters to have the opportunities they never had, women's sports have arrived.
I never thought a basketball shoe would be named after a woman, let alone me.
I didn't grow up thinking, 'Oh, maybe someday I'm going to have a shoe named after me.'
I had never made any plans beyond basketball.
I've accomplished everything a person can accomplish on a basketball court, but I never thought about the future when I was younger. I never made plans for the next stage in my life.
TV is what sells your product.
Being gay has nothing to do with the three gold medals or the three MVPs or the four championships I've won. I'm still the same person. I'm Sheryl.
Sexuality and gender don't change anyone's performance on the court.
Women play just as hard as guys do. We're just as competitive.
Every level that I have ever competed on, I have risen to the top.
I have accomplished everything I set out to accomplish when I started playing the sport at 7. And probably even more.
It didn't matter how good I was. It was always, 'You're a girl. You can't play with the guys.' It's always been motivation for me.
I don't want to have to hide from the world anymore.
