American,Actor
I turned down a scholarship to Yale. The problem with college is that there's a tendency to mistake preparation for productivity. You can prepare all you want, but if you never roll the dice you'll never be successful.
Adversity has a way of introducing a man to himself.
My generation will actually be the first generation that is tamer than the one that came before it, and it will probably be poorer; less fun and less money.
I can't tell you how many hot dogs I've eaten in my life.
The comic book world is a tough business.
I think penguins are the most human of all the birds, which may be why people love them. They're cute, they stand upright and they look like they're wearing tuxedos.
My dad is a motorcycle guy, not some Hollywood dude.
In my parents' generation, rebellion was pop culture. It's not anymore.
My neighborhood was rough, but I live a great life now. I don't fight that much now. I don't look for it anyway, but if someone hits your mother, whether you're a star, an accountant, or an astronaut or anything... I mean it's your mother, so I lost my mind.
I've been in fights, but that doesn't make me cool or like a tough guy or more interesting actor, I'm not proud of it.
I want my audience to know me for my work, not because of who I'm dating or what drugs I'm on or what club I went to.
I turned down twelve films last year... Huge money films, but I had no respect for the writer or the work.
I didn't know my dad for a long time. My dad was on drugs and my dad was at the VA Hospital, my dad was off in his own world selling drugs or using them or there would be crack heads in the house or whatever it would be.
I understand why marriages break up over golf. I can't even talk about my own handicap because it's too upsetting.
Clubs are so lame. Nobody even dances at these clubs. They stand around and get drunk and they schmooze. There is no enjoyment factor.
I feel like I'm really honest in my interviews, to a fault. I've lost friends over it. Major friends. And I'm heartbroken about that.
My mom is at my house every day, and she nags me about everything, especially hygiene.
I come from garbage.
I am trying to impress myself. I have yet to do it.
I have a hard time with free time.
Old Americana vintage gangster stuff has a fantastical feel; it feels less dirty in a way. It feels like the opera of crime.
There's something about studying body language and non-spoken emotion - I know the innate response. But to really study it like a science would be fun.
There's no room for being a visionary in the studio system. It literally cannot exist.
I'm a little territorial and defensive. I don't like having my space invaded.
You can't have bank holding companies acting as hedge funds. You can't have them taking a million-dollar pension plan for Joe Schmo the bus driver and treat it with the same risk appetite that you treat George Soros' pocket money. It's fundamentally ridiculous.
I don't have to live this lavish lifestyle.
My family, my parents are hippies.
If I have enough money to eat I'm good.
I'm very picky and I'm in a situation where it's a big crossover.
I was the only white kid in my neighborhood for most of my youth even in high school, so reverse racism was just as apparent as racism.
I think there's a form of honesty, because I used to be very honest with the press, and then it backfired on me, and I understood it.
I think every young actor in Los Angeles went up for that role. It was between Frankie Muniz and me, and he pulled out, so I got the role.
I don't know, I just want to be happy. I could be in a hole somewhere. Or I could completely lose it and be some hippy living in the woods with my dad.
But this is a little different. This is the adult acting. This is a different crowd. It's more work and more good work. That's it. People will have their opinion regardless.
And yeah, my handicap was down to a 10 when we were at the thick of it. I trained for six or seven months, golfing every day for six hours, seven days a week, with eight trainers. It was intense.
And if you're a golfer and you watch a golf film and Matt Damon swing, and it's not great, then you're not going to believe in the golf story, you're not going to believe in the rest of the film. That's the whole movie, so if that swing looks like crap, the movie's crap.
And I'm not a personality; otherwise I'd be coming out with an album, performing on MTV. All that stuff is possible and I can do that tomorrow. I just have no need.
I just wish the crowd I was associated with was more passionate about what they were doing and less consumed with the commerce of the art form.
I'm not an Adonis, that's for damn sure. I've never really thought of myself that way, and it doesn't matter to me. My favorite actors aren't Adonises. Dustin Hoffman is a flawed-looking man; he's amazing to me. Tom Hanks is flawed-looking; people love him. Same with Gene Hackman.
I grew up around a lot of aggressive guys. My parents used to take me to AA meetings when I was very young. So I know aggression, I know insanity.
I used to dirt bike a lot. I can't do that anymore. Can't eat a whole lot of chocolate anymore, either. I can't be in 'Indiana Jones' and be a fatso!
To be an actor, a true actor, you have to be brokenhearted.
Look, you're on the set for six months, with someone who's rooting to be attracted to you, and you're rooting to be attracted to them. I never understood the separation of work and life in that situation. But the time I spent with Megan was our own thing.
The best movies are simple.
I drink protein shakes nonstop - three or four a day - and I run a lot, so you get rid of the bad carbs and keep the rest so you have the energy to make it through.
I've spent more on my Dodger tickets that I did on my car.
There's only so far you can take a relationship before you got to get into things that are too serious or over the top.
There's a form of selling out. It's necessary. You have to become edible for people in Texas. You have to become edible for the Christian right, for mass audiences.
I enjoy what I'm able to give my family.
None of my friends were ever as broke as I was.
Every actor chooses their story at the beginning.
I go to sleep at night, and I feel like I just dreamed the whole day.
My family's lineage is five generations of artists who never made it.
Latins are into clowns.
Agents are used to the parents pimping. They're not used to the kid pimping.
I would like to be George Clooney diplomatic. I just don't have the wherewithal yet or the inner serenity.
Hey, I'm a human being also.
I'm a little territorial and defensive.
I got accepted at Yale but never went.
You can go to college when you are 30 or 40.
I never get in trouble.
Oh, I've been in love with every woman I've ever worked with.
I'm an actor, but I'm an artist.
I like messing around, and I like working with artists who I respect.
When golf used to be a rich man's sport, if you were poor you could not step foot on a course.
When people ask me about my story, I just go through the positive stuff: the tent-pole moments, the big landmark checkpoints.
Literature is an easier way to study acting, because then you can take any kind of spin.
Any time you're a type, your career's over.
Sometimes perception is almost more important than the skill level of an actor.
Comics, for me, is being able to sing alone in the shower. I find it freeing. You just pick up a pen and get to it.
As an actor, the minute you start getting real in interviews, you lose mystery.
Well, there's different shades of Hollywood, sure. I mean, I'm working in this business but I'm not Hollywood.
If I want to party, I'll party at my house.
It's really easy to fall for someone on-set, but in the end you know, it's a representative and it's not really them.
I'm not that smooth.
The hardest thing in acting is going from child actor to adult actor. It's taken me a long time.
People were going to geometry class and I was swimming through vats of chili on 'Even Stevens.' It was like a dream!
Nobody strives to lose.
I come from French Cajun Jewish people.
I was planning on going to Yale to theater school.
I think envy motivates a lot of people.
Every time you make a movie it's an adventure.
If I had more recreation time I would be able to step back and reflect on how life has changed. But it has been like a constant... boom, boom, boom, boom, boom!
The big thing for actors is the level of commitment.
My first car, I got it in an auction at my temple. It was an '86 Volvo that I got for 500 bucks, and then wound up throwing $10,000 into the stereo system and put TVs in the foot rests. It was the most ridiculous Volvo you'd ever seen, but I had never had money before and I was out of my mind.
If you asked an 18-year-old what they want to do with their life, and the options are 'Transformers' or Lars von Trier, he's probably shipping out for 'Transformers.' If you ask a 26-year-old what he wants to do, 'Transformers' or Lars von Trier, he'd probably pick Lars von Trier. So, my sensibilities are changing as I change.
I think the audience is pretty intelligent.
I think, my generation, it's hard to have hope when you got a $700-trillion derivatives debt to pay and a bubble about to explode and $500 trillion worth of GDP.
It's very weird because the 'It' guy usually is not the 'It' guy next year or even a guy that anyone is talking about.
I was in a relationship with a girl I loved for three years. Where do you go after three years? Then you've got to start thinking about other things, and I'm too young to think about those things.
There will always be opportunities to be in love again.
I've had to deal with all different types of situations - positive and negative and extremes of both.
I didn't read the book on how to be a well-adjusted celebrity.
All of the things that have happened in my life have been self-propelled. I can't blame anybody else or point a finger at anybody.
What's cool is when you're able to give your audience imagination and you don't have to cage them in like animals.
I got kicked out of every school I ever went to.
I don't like having my space invaded.
At this point I have enough money to live 25 lifetimes. You couldn't spend the money I've accrued now.
My parents are retired, basically.
I didn't jump onto anyone else's coattail and ride their wave.
I wasn't cocky, just confident; I went to an all black school, a white kid.
I'm an only child, so I'm pretty much a loner.
People are still emulating the old fashioned criminal.
I've never been able to learn from other people's mistakes - I'm not that smart - so I usually learn by trial by fire.
Sometimes I feel I'm living a meaningless life, and I get frightened.
I have a great house.
Most actors on most days don't think they're worthy.
To my mind, talent doesn't really exist.
Have you ever noticed how most critics disagree with the public? That should tell you a lot about critics.
I'm only going to work now when I'm terrified.
I come from divorce. I'm only doing marriage once. It's not a game for me.
I'm a video game fan, and I always thought it would be cool to be able to control a character.
My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families.
I think I'm prone to not being a good guy in relationships.
I'm just selfish. I have to be for what I do.
Animation has completely changed, and I've always been a big fan.
Well, you don't make any demands to Steven Spielberg.
I am a season ticket holder to Dodger games. I go to every Dodger game I can go to. Every single one.
I'm kind of bi-polar.
We're living through the twilight of American economic dominance.
To be able to sit in Donald Trump's apartment and talk about the future of corporate real estate was amazing.
Knowledge about the economy, ideas about capitalism and government, the future of the world and geopolitics were things I was never really interested in.
Nobody makes movies like Oliver Stone.
I don't have many actor friends.
I'm an individual, and I have opinions.
I was always raised on cowboy films, and then when I could start making choices about the movies I wanted to watch I found myself wanting to watch gangster films which were slightly more sophisticated than the baseline stuff that was in westerns.
Crime is sexy.
Probably the sexiest woman I know is my mother.
If I could meet my mother and marry her, I would. I would be with my mother now, if she weren't my mother, as sick as that sounds.
There's this coming-of-age thing that's happening within me.
I'm trying to find a way to eat up time without being destructive, 'cause that's my go-to, it seems.
Actors live dependent on being validated by other people's opinions. I don't understand what it is I do that people want. I don't know what an actor does. I have no credentials. I don't know what I'm doing.
That's one thing I never had to do on a Mike Bay set is sit around and pontificate about the next scene; there's no time for it. You're already in the next scene.
Everybody's got stories. I don't want to not have stories.
I'm a call-sheet junkie. I love being on set. So, the hardest thing for me is dealing with all this idle time. That's when I get into trouble.
I'm Richie Rich. I land in New York, secretly thinking I'm like the coolest guy in the world.
If you're trying to learn how to act from a class, you're analyzing the teachers' movements and their intricacies, and it becomes like a pantomime of you wanting to be them, and that's wrong. Literature is an easier way to study acting, because then you can take any kind of spin. It's your own imagination, and your own version of it.
I'm not a celebrity, I've kind of been under the radar, has kept it easier for me to maintain a career.
I'm not a star, I'm an actor.
Once you make a studio 700 million dollars or so, or whatever the insane number is, then they finally seem to trust you, no matter how off-the-wall your project is.
