American,Actress
Time is money. Wasted time means wasted money means trouble.
Good luck needs no explanation.
Any star can be devoured by human adoration, sparkle by sparkle.
I wanted to be in the FBI. I also wanted to be a pie salesman.
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
I've been blessed with three wonderful careers: motion pictures and television, wife, mother and grandmother... and diplomatic services for the United States government.
I loved what I did. I remember cruel mothers who would pinch their children to make them cry in a scene, but my mother encircled me with affection.
There's nothing like real love. Nothing.
If I had it to do all over again, I wouldn't change anything. I probably would have paid for the pleasure of working.
Men say, 'I've loved you since I was 7 years old,' and I say, 'Well, you never contacted me.' And very often women say, 'Do youuuuuu know what I have?' and I want to say, 'Yessssssss, I do.' Because inevitably the answer is, 'An original Shirley Temple doll.'
I've always been bossy.
We would have to invent the U.N. if we did not have it, which is not an original thought.
Long ago, I became more interested in the real world than in make-believe.
Nothing crushes freedom as substantially as a tank.
At the end of the Depression, people were perhaps looking for something to cheer themselves up. They fell in love with a dog and a little girl. It won't happen again.
By the time I got to the Fox studio for my first major film, I knew how to hit a mark. I knew how to memorize lines. I knew how to pay attention.
When I asked my mother why crowds shouted my name and said 'We love you,' she would dust it off by saying, 'Your work makes them happy.' She never let it go to my head.
When I was 14, I was the oldest I ever was. I've been getting younger ever since.
I ran for Congress, just once.
The U.N. acts as the world's conscience, and over eighty-five percent of the work that is done by the United Nations is in the social, economic, educational and cultural fields.
I work a seventeen hour day, and I'm personally responsible for 108 staff members in the embassy.
I'm not too proud of the movies I made as a grownup except for 'That Hagen Girl', which nobody remembers but which gave me a chance to act.
Shirley Temple opens doors for Shirley Temple Black.
I have always told anyone who would listen that I was available for more public service.
I was in Vienna in August 1968 for a meeting of the International Federation of Multiple Sclerosis Societies, of which I was co-founder, and we wanted a 20th country to join. They asked for a volunteer to go to Prague to get Czechoslovakia to do it, and my hand always goes up first.
There are many of us who should be in a position to bring peace to the world.
