American,Musician
No one shows love. There's no unity between the artists and the streets. There's none of that in D.C. You're never gonna get love in D.C. If you get love in D.C., then you're a special person.
I ain't go on media and spazz. That's what crash dummies do. That ain't what I do.
'Free the Gang,' that's my favorite song because it's so real. All my music is real, it's authentic, but it's something about that song that I love.
My fan base just growing and growing. People know that I'm not just coming and going. They know that I'm here to stay.
'Awwsome' was a different type of song for an artist like me, but it's still a true song. I was talking street stuff, but I was feeling awesome.
Everyone can relate to me no matter what race or who you are or how you feeling.
None of my songs sound the same. None of them. I take R&B beats and put it as a rap song or hip-hop beats and put them as a R&B song. A lot of people are boring. I don't like boring music. Everybody sounds the same, like they copying.
The love that I get outweighs the hate.
I'm worried about myself. Glizzy gang, that's it. I'm not worried about no other rappers.
There was a point in time, when I put out the Chief Keef diss, where I was so hot that everybody was calling my phone. But I decided to go set up under Wale, but he wasn't really teaching me how to rap.
My music is genuine, and I'm talking about stuff that no one else - no one my age, anyway, in the game - is talking about. Nobody. I'm the only one really stating facts and speaking with real street knowledge.
Nothing that I say in my music is a lie.
I'm not even worried about the Internet; that ain't even my thing. I'm not even an Internet guy. You rarely even see me into that.
I don't want to be stuck in the same spot, just dropping mixtapes for no reason.
In my hood, I was always with the older guys.
I have an EP coming soon with Cardo. It's called 'Glizzy Got Wings.' I love his sound, and he loves mine.
'Law 3' shows my growth as a rapper. I don't really like maintaining, so on every project, I'm going to show you my growth.
Glizzy Gang is a real movement. They had movements back when I was younger, in the '90s, but you don't really have a major movement in the 2000s.
I make my fans feel like they are part of the movement, and if you a fan of the movement, you're going to feel like you ride with me.
When that music comes on, I just block everything around me out.
At 13 years old, I was doing grown-man things, so I know who I am, and I'm telling people who I am.
If I don't get in the studio, I don't have no therapy.
I don't know rap. I can't tell you a Tupac song. But you put on some go-go, and I'll know it word-for-word. That's why I feel like I got my own sound - or a D.C. sound.
