American,Actor
I scored a 910 on my SAT. I didn't care about education. I don't know what I cared about.
I was nicknamed Skeeter in Little League because I was small and fast, like a mosquito flying across the outfield.
I think when someone becomes an actor, people say, Aw, you could see it in him when he was little. But I think you can see that quality in every little kid.
As a kid I used to pretend I was John Denver, of all people, and play the guitar and sing Take Me Home, Country Roads.
Whatever labels are being pinned on me have nothing to do with me.
What's the classical moment that every actor or actress deals with? A tragic thing. They get that blank, faraway look in their eyes. But in life, it's not that way.
Ultimately, it's a pretty confusing moment.
There's been a boiling down of real emotion into a set pattern instead of individualism.
There's a lot of reasons you can think of to say why you act, but I can only say that it just felt good. At the same time, it felt really painful. It's still troubling and stressful to me.
The whole Indian thing, I always say it's really the American holocaust. It's something we need to look at.
The Native American side was tragic. It's just unbelievable what has happened to them.
The more you understand me, the less characters I can play.
People said, That's great for your career, but what have you done? I kept feeling I had to defend myself.
My problem with interviews, one day I'll think one thing, and the next day I'll think the exact opposite.
My mom's been married three times; my dad has been married a lot. I didn't really see my dad that much.
In this business, you're either Brad Pitt right away, or you're already going down the ladder.
I'm not the most talkative guy in the world.
I'm an actor, coming from New York theater.
I would take William H. Macy as a teacher any day of the week. He's incredible. He's got a lot of hard-earned experience.
I think you have to refill the well at some point.
I think people could justify labeling me if they saw a pattern in what I do, but right now that's impossible.
I think I'm extremely vulnerable and that in some ways I seek out rejection. Never feeling like you're getting that pat on the back from dad is probably at the heart of that.
I had gone to school to study marine biology.
I guess I'm a little charmed. I never thought this would happen so quick.
I grew up in a small farming town called Concord, outside Charlotte in North Carolina.
I get to play a killer next.
