American,Actress
My sister and I truly are best friends.
When you take care of yourself, you're a better person for others. When you feel good about yourself, you treat others better.
Self-love is really a foundation for everything, and however you practice or express that is so, so important.
Dubai's a pretty powerful place.
It's really special to have a niece because I have a son, so I get to have a little girl, too.
My blog is actually all self-photography unless it's a photo shoot.
I try to transition my energy into just having fun.
You get educated by traveling.
If a piece makes you look good and makes it easier to get dressed, it wins.
In any relationship, there's gonna be conflict.
Any decision I make is based on myself, and the only person I have to give an explanation to is God.
I actually love my natural hair when it's in a twist out and it's been slept on for five days and revived by the steam of the shower.
Motherhood is such an evolving journey.
My beauty ethos? Well, I'd love to tell you it's something like 'less is more,' but honestly, it all starts with happiness. If only someone could bottle that up - when I'm happy, I'm at my most radiant and glowing. It does me better than any product ever could. And I stand by how cheesy and cliched that sounds.
Opening Ceremony is my number one favorite place to shop here. It's the only place I'll shop in New York with my son. All of the sales people are so cool; the music is great; it's just like a big fun house, so he stays entertained.
My name, Solange, means 'Angel of the sun,' and I'm completely enamored of my African history. The culture is so expressive.
Everyone talks about how, in your 30s, all of these growing pains transition into wisdom and you feel more self-assured and confident, but I think I had a bit of a jump-start on that at 27.
I'd rather be the protector than the protected. I'm naturally the protector - being a mother and having a famous family. You have to navigate when it's right to protect.
There are a lot of times when people are diplomatic about things, and I'm not that type. I'm not afraid to say exactly what I mean.
My mom's best friend growing up was diagnosed with AIDS, and he basically raised me when my mom was launching her business. Although I didn't understand at the time what HIV or AIDS was, I knew that's what he passed away from.
For me, I always have looked at 'indie' as a term of 'independence.' Never associated a sonic gesture with that in the same way that pop music has always meant 'popular' to me; you know, it didn't define a sound.
When you think back in history about producers and artists or writers who've had good synergy, a lot of times they date, or they're married, or there's a friendship and a kinship.
I'm surrounded by such beautiful, creative people, and I just love sort of sharing their stories and their journeys.
You have Vampire Weekend who have more African references musically than most African-American artists.
I stand for people who are firm in their journey.
My sister and I were not allowed expensive clothes. We so badly wanted these Fila sneakers as kids, but my mother took us down to the flea market and got imitation ones. Look at the early Destiny's Child videos. You'll see.
I really feel like because I had my son so young, I didn't want everyone's help. I think people felt entitled to give advice, so I'm always very sensitive to moms and letting them feel their way out.
Beyonce has set the tone as an aunt. I've set the tone as a mom.
I'm not very good at writing songs when I have a lot of clutter in my mind.
My parents constantly tried to talk me out of being an artist. They had gone through the whole journey with my sister and just wanted me to have a normal teenage life.
I still stand behind the stuff I did early on, but I was on a record label, and I didn't have a lot of creative control. Another side of that is just being young and having bad taste. There was plenty of that, too.
If I had to define 'sexy' now, as Disney as it sounds, I would have to say it's about complete and utter confidence.
Mainstream media tends to showcase a very specific kind of Mardi Gras, but my experience of Mardi Gras is very different; it's very cultural.
I have always had tremendous respect for my sister as an artist, as a woman, and now as a mother.
I feel like I was 30 when I was 17, and I decided to get married and have a baby.
Fashion is a strange world sometimes. Amazing, but strange.
I'd rather live in the U.S. than Europe.
I'd rather be on the cast of 'Love & Hip-Hop' than 'Project Runway.'
I'd rather be the cool aunt than the authoritative aunt.
I love hip-hop. I have gone through many difference phases in my love affair with hip-hop.
I don't ever claim to be a hip-hop head.
My earliest love, which was sort of an obsession, actually, was Nas. I was in seventh grade, I believe, when 'Nastradamus' was out, and I took it pretty far.
Anytime fashion and music go hand-in-hand and it really is an organic fit, it's amazing.
I can't take any credit for people dressing like me, you know?
If I have on a bright red lip, you'll rarely ever catch me with eyeshadow on. It's one or the other for me - pick one feature for the day and really focus on that.
From a very early age, I decided that I wanted to be able to do my music but still be able to live a normal life.
It's always been my dream to look like Mariah Carey in my photos with a microphone. I don't know how she does it. When she sings, she looks perfect.
I think many people, especially from other cultures, just don't understand the role hair plays in black women's lives.
I'm such a Southern girl.
What's important is that my family and I are all good.
I'm not sure if it's cause I'm getting old, but my heels have to be 3.5 inch or less, or a chunky heel.
I was diagnosed with ADHD twice. I didn't believe the first doctor who told me, and I had a whole theory that ADHD was just something they invented to make you pay for medicine, but then the second doctor told me I had it.
I never borrowed clothes from Beyonce when we were growing up. But now my style is a little more tame and hers is a little more adventurous.
I'm really good at telling people 'no.'
I think it's really important for every mother to find their own way.
I really enjoy my privacy and being able to walk my son to school every morning and pick him up every afternoon.
With Saint Heron, I really wanted to celebrate and continue to cultivate the community for genre-defying R&B artists.
I'm super-sensitive when it comes to my sister. I've been known to snap off a little bit behind her.
Colors and prints are part of my style.
When Destiny's Child released their first record, I don't think I even noticed. I was still at school, and I had my own life in Houston.
I've always loved Dusty Springfield and Martha Reeves.
I have more to offer than music that is automatically dance.
My son spends as much time with his dad as he does with me.
My sound is Solange. It's definitely not Destiny's Child.
I really wanted people just to get to know Solange on my first album, just to establish Solange's sound, just to establish Solange's personality.
Every teenage artist out there is mostly talking about boys, and I think there's so much more to being a teenager than just boys.
It's so sad, actually, how teachers and parents tell their kids, 'You're never gonna be anything.'
I'm happy that I have a beautiful, wonderful, amazing child who's made me a better person.
You just have to know that the more successful you get as an artist, the less of a normal life you have. It's a trade-off.
I'm trying to cut down my cursing.
I can tell you what I really love: when I run into people on the street that tell me they have connected with my music.
I think that some people get wrapped up in their own egos. They need to see certain album sales and certain monuments.
At 15, saying I wanted to do a reggae album after growing up in a snazzy house in Houston - it was kind of random.
I really fell in love with dance. By the time I was seven, I had dance class six times a week. I was obsessed.
I grew up seeing my sister in the studio. I would go to recording sessions and take notes.
Major labels act as banks in terms of how they produce and release your album. No major label is really good or bad; they just 100 per cent operate as a business, which makes sense... no hard feelings.
Both my parents are first-generation success stories.
I think all artists have a different story to tell, and no story is the same.
A lot of people don't know me as an artist.
I'm making the music I want to make, in my own space, and it's just incredible to be able to continue to do that.
I have so many friends who are designers of color.
The one thing I'm really excited about is that the Saint Heron shop is not grounded in just fashion and clothing. We have connected with artists and artisans in every landscape.
I had my own little quirks as a child.
Just going through a marriage and a divorce - which I essentially did by 21 - will give you an insane amount of perspective on life.
There are a lot of historical lofts in Houston, and it's amazing for me that a lot of them were built in the 1920s. I love the exposed bricks and the very industrial stuff.
