American,Politician
My philosophy of leadership is to surround myself with good people who have ability, judgment and knowledge, but above all, a passion for service.
Our best teachers do more than impart facts and figures - they inspire and encourage students and instill a true desire to learn. That's a fine art in itself.
Since I was a boy - born into a farming family in Bonaire, GA - I've had agriculture running through my veins.
The fact is that Common Core is no more responsible for a bizarre homework question than global warming is for a rain shower.
Repentance comes from the heart.
You see, greatness for a state doesn't require some huge monument for all to see. It is not a journey to a particular destination - but a commitment to follow a course of constant and never-ending improvement.
Our form of government depends on a mutual bond of trust between the people and their government. But people have become cynical about their government.
Floods, droughts, and natural disasters are a fact of life for farmers, ranchers, and foresters. They have persevered in the past, and they will adapt in the future - with the assistance of the scientists and experts at USDA.
Food is a noble thing to trade.
We have seen levee breaks and flooding in the wake of storms, some of which have caused the loss of life, and USDA is ready to assist in any way we can.
The goal of any farmer, after producing enough to feed his own family, has always been to find the best place to sell the year's crop.
Requiring valid, photographic identification is a common sense step to ensure voter integrity and sound elections.
It is simply unacceptable for people to sneak into this country illegally on Thursday, obtain a government-issued I.D. on Friday, head for the welfare office on Monday, and cast a vote on Tuesday.
I've helped create and save thousands of American jobs.
We don't want a busybody government - a boss - that butts into our lives every chance it gets to tell us how to work, how to play, where to live and on and on.
One of my great joys in life is being a pilot. There is a great sense of freedom in soaring through the sky. You get a different perspective up there. Seeing things that aren't so apparent from the ground.
But we know that the very God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time. And sometimes we're called upon to defend both life and liberty - God's blessings to Americans, and indeed, to all of His creation.
When you combine the men and women deployed from our military installations with activated reservists and members of the National Guard, Georgia is contributing more personnel to the theatre than any other State in our Union.
I believe Georgia should aspire to nothing less than greatness. And I believe greatness is within our grasp.
In the business world, lower profits reflect less demand for your product. But in government the opposite is true - demand for our services increases in hard times.
No, our greatness does not come from our government.
We want a state wise in its contemplation - just in its actions - and moderate in the reach of government into our lives.
I call it people-to-people politics and that's what politics should be about, reaching out and helping one another and touching one another about what we're going to do.
The South is a great driving destination for tourism - heritage, cultural and many other types of tourism.
Yes, I'm your governor now. I'll take care of you.
The Republican Party needs to be very, very careful that it maintains the Golden Rule in its rhetoric regarding immigration policy.
We have to get out of the mindset that, 'If I invest $1 in crop insurance, I want to make sure I get a $1.10 or plus out of that.'
In Georgia, agriculture is one area where Democrats and Republicans consistently reached across the aisle and work together.
I haven't run across anyone in Georgia who is not regretful and repentant of man's inhumanity when you talk about owning one another.
I'm not sure about public apologies on behalf of other people as far as the motivation for them.
I'm going to be the unapologetic chief advocate, chief salesman for American agriculture products around the world. You grow 'em, we're going to sell 'em.
I think overall, from a deputy, from an undersecretary standpoint, the goal of a good leader is to get diversity across there. Geographical diversity is important. Industry diversity is important: you can't have all corn growers... Not only that, you've got gender diversity, you've got racial diversity.
I want the USDA to look like America, and I want it to be the best, most effectively managed agency in the U.S. That starts with good people.
