American,Musician
If I'm doing something its coming from a kind heart.
I don't travel anywhere without the PS3 and XBox. There's nothing better to do on long bus trips while on tour.
I'm headed towards greatness. I think I'm making history in hip-hop.
My first single I was nominated for a Grammy with 'Crank That,' and I lost a Grammy to Kanye West, but it was still such a big deal for me to be nominated anyway.
I was one of the first artists to have a YouTube account, if not the first. I joined two months after the site launched.
Swag defines an artist, period. Lil Wayne has his super-tattooed pierces and dreads swag. Jay-Z has his New York, grown man, Beyonce and 40/40 Club swag.
Soulja Boy is on his dance, down south, young, 18-year-old, comedic swag. It's really just each person's personality; if every rapper had the same swag, it would be kind of boring.
I think swag is very important to rappers. It's the overall appearance and style of an artist - these blue shorts and this blue hat and this $80,000 chain, this jewelry and all these tattoos, that's swag.
Words are powerful. When I make mistakes I just try to come back and clarify what I meant.
Now that I'm in the position I'm in now, I like to take all my creative ideas and put 'em on the Internet for my fans to interact with. Give 'em something to do.
I hate it when people come up to me on trains and ask 'Are you Soulja Boy?' If people want pictures or autographs, that's cool, but I don't like the dumb questions.
People in the media, it makes their day when someone they say is a five-star artist goes platinum.
When I was 10 years old my mom used to play Tupac while she cleaned the house.
If I'm going to make music for the streets or the clubs or whatever, I go at it with 110 percent.
When I was in Japan on tour in 2010, I felt like I was 30 years into the future. I love technology and they are so advanced with their phones, computers, everything. I think they had the iPhone way before we did in the U.S. I love gadgets, games, social media and I try to stay ahead on all that stuff, but they get it all first.
