American,Entertainer
Don't let fear or insecurity stop you from trying new things. Believe in yourself. Do what you love. And most importantly, be kind to others, even if you don't like them.
Matching your hat to your shoe to your bag, or your necklace to your earrings, has a tendency to look dated. Mixing up your accessories adds interest to an outfit, and can make you look much more modern and polished.
Your self-esteem won't come from body parts. You need to step away from the mirror every once in a while, and look for another reflection, like the one in the eyes of the people who love you and admire you.
Nothing's too girly and nothing's too masculine. But I do love color, and maybe that's a little girly - especially pink.
Style is joyful if you allow yourself to have joy.
Never let a trend get in the way of creating a great outfit for yourself.
I'm not one of those people who wakes up and thinks, 'Bring on the day!' I have to have about 7 pints of coffee before I'm even remotely awake. But I love the golden hour in the evening, as hokey as that sounds. Just as the sun is about to set and you get those lovely shadows and everything looks gold and yellow.
Seeing, feeling, thinking, believing - these are the stages of how we change our style on the outside and our self-image on the inside.
You should feel beautiful and you should feel safe. What you surround yourself with should bring you peace of mind and peace of spirit.
Rules like 'don't wear white after Labor Day' or 'shoes matching the handbag' are antiquated. Modern women should feel free to experiment.
Your closet needs to be a place of joy and celebration of who are you now - not who you were.
All metallics are neutrals. So it is absolutely fine to mix gold and silver; you just want it to look like it has purpose.
Style is the instrument you can pick back up when you want to regain some of the confidence you've lost.
Texture is something we forget - it makes outfits look very expensive. You can do a monochromatic outfit, if you're afraid of things that are more colorful and printed, and still create interest.
Style can change your look, certainly, but it can also change your life.
We all put obstacles in our own path toward personal style, myself included. If we understood why we constructed these practical and emotional obstacles, we might move beyond it to healthier, happier perceptions of ourselves and, ideally, a better sense of self-esteem.
Less is more. I truly believe in buying a few pieces with better construction.
Finding tricks to create flattering body shape is the key to style.
Smart beauty is about looking your best and feeling your best and never overpaying for it.
Only buy things that make your heart sing. If I don't love it, I won't buy it.
What is magical and mystifying to me about style is not that by seeing we can believe. It is that eventually, we can believe, because we can see... we can embrace change the more we can make it tangible.
You can't fit your clothes well and look your best if you don't know what you're working with.
Don't get hung up on the size. If you feel bad about yourself because a 12 is what fits, take a Sharpie, and write '6' on the label.
Any item in your wardrobe should satisfy one of two criteria: utility and joy.
If you only have work clothes - the black trouser and ribbed turtleneck you got four years ago at the Gap - you're not participating in your own style personality.
Style is not a reward for the skinny. It's not, 'iI I'm rich, thin and young.' You may not like your size, but then don't invest in leather leggings. Let yourself want the expensive bag and really love it and show it off and have a ball with it.
