American,Politician
Transparency at the Export Import Bank has long been a concern and must be addressed.
There's Frog Jump on my GPS, so it's there. It's a real place.
Our constituents deserve better than narrow-minded political games.
With today's technology, you can actually see the baby grow, move, and hear their little heart beats.
Dust is part of rural America. It is completely unreasonable for the EPA to put a price tag on communities for carrying out activities essential to their well-being. This is a prime example of federal regulations gone too far.
I may not be a polished politician, but as a lifelong farmer, I know that most problems can be solved with a little common sense.
Folks, I mean to keep my word. And if I don't, I'll give you my address and some rope. That's real accountability.
We have to remember there is not a big printing press in Washington that continually prints money over and over.
This is other people's money that Washington is appropriating and spending.
Pat Boone is an icon in this country. He's not a guy who's going to pull the wool over people's eyes. He's going to tell them the truth.
Kevin McCarthy is one of my best friends.
I'm putting jobs over ideology.
Why should we make our constituents wait on job growth?
I strongly believe we must move forward with these much-needed reforms to the Ex-Im Bank by acting on a five-year reauthorization bill.
The role of citizens, of Christianity, of humanity, is to take care of each other, not for Washington to steal from those in the country and give to others in the country.
We represent the people's money, and we have to be good stewards of that.
The farm subsidy program is something that was put into place over 60 years ago, and it was put into place to do one thing, and it's turned into something else.
Do we need farm program reform? Absolutely.
My constituents say, 'Congressman, have you balanced the budget?' And I'm going to say, 'Well, we're working on it.' And they are going to say, 'Well, Congressman, did you get rid of Fannie and Freddie?' And I'm going to say, 'Well, we're working on it.'
People are quick to say with their mouth full, 'Well, the American farmer is on the dole.' But a loaf of bread is two bucks when it could be 10 bucks. I know what it is with the government in my business. We would be all for not having government in our business, but we need a fair system.
Chairman Hensarling is a good man who cares about America, and I respect him to the highest degree.
When Ex-Im gives companies the resources they need to sell their products abroad, their employees, suppliers and communities succeed at home.
While other countries have been securing large export deals, American companies have been placed at a competitive disadvantage - forced to compete globally with one hand tied behind their back.
I don't work for Club For Growth or Heritage.
As I've long said, the farm bill is in need of major reform. At first chance, I voted to remove direct payments. Both the House and the Senate passed bills that end direct payments, and as we move forward, I hope we can work out the rest of the issues to implement the necessary reforms.
In Arizona, where farm dust is currently regulated, farmers are forced to park tractors on windy days to prevent getting strapped with outrageous fines.
