American,Businessman
Every human has four endowments - self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.
When you show deep empathy toward others, their defensive energy goes down, and positive energy replaces it. That's when you can get more creative in solving problems.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
Listen with the intent to understand, not the intent to reply.
Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.
Listen with your eyes for feelings.
Just as we develop our physical muscles through overcoming opposition - such as lifting weights - we develop our character muscles by overcoming challenges and adversity.
Moral authority comes from following universal and timeless principles like honesty, integrity, treating people with respect.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
Leadership is a choice, not a position.
When you really listen to another person from their point of view, and reflect back to them that understanding, it's like giving them emotional oxygen.
Accountability breeds response-ability.
The bottom line is, when people are crystal clear about the most important priorities of the organization and team they work with and prioritized their work around those top priorities, not only are they many times more productive, they discover they have the time they need to have a whole life.
A mission statement is not something you write overnight... But fundamentally, your mission statement becomes your constitution, the solid expression of your vision and values. It becomes the criterion by which you measure everything else in your life.
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.
Find your voice and inspire others to find theirs.
The more people rationalize cheating, the more it becomes a culture of dishonesty. And that can become a vicious, downward cycle. Because suddenly, if everyone else is cheating, you feel a need to cheat, too.
The proactive approach to a mistake is to acknowledge it instantly, correct and learn from it.
Seek first to understand, then to be understood.
Stop setting goals. Goals are pure fantasy unless you have a specific plan to achieve them.
Synergy is better than my way or your way. It's our way.
The key is taking responsibility and initiative, deciding what your life is about and prioritizing your life around the most important things.
Synergy is what happens when one plus one equals ten or a hundred or even a thousand! It's the profound result when two or more respectful human beings determine to go beyond their preconceived ideas to meet a great challenge.
An empowered organisation is one in which individuals have the knowledge, skill, desire, and opportunity to personally succeed in a way that leads to collective organisational success.
Remember, we are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Reactive people... are often affected by their physical environment. They find external sources to blame for their behavior.
We become what we repeatedly do.
Instead, I have an abundance mentality: When people are genuinely happy at the successes of others, the pie gets larger.
Employers and business leaders need people who can think for themselves - who can take initiative and be the solution to problems.
I affirm to you the tremendous potential you have, not beyond anything you could ever imagine.
In school, many of us procrastinate and then successfully cram for tests. We get the grades and degrees we need to get the jobs we want, even if we fail to get a good general education.
Both times I was in India, I could not get people to listen to each other. I had to literally tell people to listen to each other and tell them that they can't get creative and find alternate solutions if they don't listen to each other. There's a lot of arguing and justifying.
The true identity theft is not financial. It's not in cyberspace. It's spiritual. It's been taken.
You're not a product of your nature. That is your genetic makeup or your nurture, the things that have happened to you. Of course those things affect you powerfully, but they do not determine you.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
What is common sense isn't common practice.
Principles are guidelines for human conduct that are proven to have enduring, permanent value.
The roots of the problems we face in the world, in our national life, and in our family and personal lives are spiritual.
What air is to the body, to feel understood is to the heart.
I believe in this concept that you learn by teaching.
We need to have business leaders who live by deep, strong principles.
When the external factors over which one has no control in a way start to become negative, it starts to affect our creative juices.
The average family spends 30 hours in front of a television, and they say they don't have the time to have a balanced, integrated life.
Despite all our gains in technology, product innovation and world markets, most people are not thriving in the organizations they work for.
Mind over mattress.
My parents were just constantly affirming me in everything that I did. Late at night, I'd wake up and hear my mother talking over my bed, saying, 'You're going to do great on this test. You can do anything you want.'
For me, the essence of the great American Dream is spiritual. I believe that our Constitution is inspired and that it is based on principles that are timeless and universal. This is the reason why 95% of all written constitutions throughout the world are modeled after our Constitution.
Outsourcing is inevitable, and I don't think it's necessarily treating people like things.
In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.
Public behavior is merely private character writ large.
We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals.
It takes a great deal of character strength to apologize quickly out of one's heart rather than out of pity. A person must possess himself and have a deep sense of security in fundamental principles and values in order to genuinely apologize.
But with the steady disintegration of the family in modern society over the last century, the role of the school in bridging the gap has become vital!
The solutions to our problems are and always will be based upon universal, timeless, self-evident principles common to every enduring, prospering society throughout history.
I believe in Coach Louis Wong. He is so much more than just a football coach.
People and organizations don't grow much without delegation and completed staff work because they are confined to the capacities of the boss and reflect both personal strengths and weaknesses.
It's a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field.
Want balance in your life? Then sure, get your own act together, but don't forget four powerful disciplines of execution in your team and organization.
Historically, the family has played the primary role in educating children for life, with the school providing supplemental scaffolding to the family.
The world has entered an era of the most profound and challenging change in human history.
Family home evening is more for the purpose of teaching values and gospel principles, displaying talents and enjoying different kinds of family fun and activities.
In this knowledge-worker age, it's now increasingly tied to doing well in school so you can get into better grad schools so you can get better jobs - so the pressure to do well is really high.
Trust is central to an economy that works.
There is a heavy emphasis in Mormonism on initiative, on responsibility, on a work ethic, and on education. If you take those elements together with a free-enterprise system, you've got the chemistry for a lot of industry.
How can you possibly reconcile the justice of God with the idea that only through Christ can you be saved? Most of the world lives and dies and never even hears of Christ. There has to be some mechanism set up for all those who have ever lived to have an opportunity to hear of Christ.
If you carefully consider what you want to be said of you in the funeral experience, you will find your definition of success.
Every time I see high-trust cultures, I see a lessening of adversarialism.
Light is the greatest disinfectant in nature and also in organizations.
One of the things that I have admired about India is the spiritualism of the people.
A little over 5% of the world's population produces almost 29% of the world's goods and services.
The spirit of America has nurtured responsibility and community unlike any other country.
If you have a family mission statement that clarifies what your purpose is, then you use that as the criterion by which you make the decisions.
Most negotiators are trying to get their way.
Most people are basically a victim of the circumstances of their life. They have things like 9/11, they have terrorism threats, they have new war threats, they have economy problems, and they think, 'What can I do? I'm basically a victim.'
