American,Actor
When you start hiding things away, that's when the darkness creeps up. Sunlight is the best disinfectant.
Social media is its own sort of thing: Twitter and Facebook have changed the way everyone perceives everything.
I never really trained to be a musician, but I've been playing guitar since I was around, like, 13 years old. For me, the guitar has always been the instrument that I've played. I play a little piano. I taught myself everything by ear. I don't read music at all, which has not really been a hindrance.
For me, music is sort of my passion, more so than being an actor. I just never tried to make a career as a musician. It was just something that I did on my own time, just for me. I had written a lot of songs, but I don't really record a lot of music because, for me, it's the same way as a poet: I write to get things out. It's sort of cathartic.
I grew up in a very small, rural country town, and we didn't really have 'the arts.'
Three-quarters of my family is Irish. Of course, the 'Kazee' is not.
'Peter and the Starcatcher' is the most amazing piece of theater I think I've ever seen. It made we want to be a kid again and made me want to pretend, which I do on a nightly basis.
All I ever wanted to do was be on Broadway. I mean, remember, I grew up in a trailer.
I would love to play Lee in 'True West' and Bobby in 'Company.'
When you think about Broadway, you think broad and big, but the fact is there are so many plays that are very intimate, but fill a 1,500-seat house. Plays like 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' have deep moments of silence and intimacy to them.
Drag shows are one of my favorite things in the world. As a straight man I love going to gay bars. People at gay bars just love to dance.
The thing is that I'm an actor first, and in 'Once,' I was able to be a musician and a singer as well as an actor.
We go see theater, we take in art, because it makes us feel.
My mother always told me before shows to stand up and show them whose little boy you are.
