American,Athlete
Every night, I try to hustle and do what I can do. And when you hit a ground ball, you should hustle.
Any time you can go out there and throw 12 pitches in any inning, you give your team some momentum coming in and get some confidence out on the mound.
Whenever you get traded out and you are playing for a winning team, it's always good.
All of my buddies and I wanted to be Cal Ripken.
It's never fun to get swept, but it's going to happen.
I am sickened by the idea that anyone would think of me in racist terms.
I grew up on the streets of Baltimore, a city I love to this very day.
I grew up in a very culturally diverse area of America, and I am very proud to come from there. I am also proud that my inner circle of friends has never been defined by race but by the content of their character. Any former teammate or anyone who has met me can attest to this, and I pride myself on not being a judgmental person.
I do believe that supporting our First Amendment rights and supporting local law enforcement are not mutually exclusive.
I try to watch everybody.
Anytime I can get in there, playing every now and then, and contribute some way, whether it's throwing out a guy or calling a good game or getting a hit and RBI, it's big.
Every day, you want to come in and contribute when your name is in the lineup.
It is exciting to have two sports teams close to where you live.
I think it's awesome. Playing here in Baltimore is a dream come true for me.
Everybody has always put this on me, this label, that I'm not a very good defensive catcher. To me, I don't see it that way.
I see myself as an average to above-average catcher in the big leagues.
It was always a dream of mine to play for the Orioles.
It's a dream come true. I get to play for my hometown team, the team I grew up rooting for.
Opening Day was a big thing. I came to a lot of Orioles games. I grew up a couple blocks from here, so I was always coming down to the stadium. I always made it down for Opening Day until I was a little bit older and I had ball. But when I was younger, I always missed school.
I'm gonna miss playing for my hometown team. Living five minutes down the road.
I approach spring training the same way every year.
I've always been a guy who comes in not being guaranteed a spot and always fighting for a spot. Any time you're in a camp, and you're not a big money guy, you're always going to be competing for a job.
You go year to year and you can only control what you can control.
It's a good feeling to have people support you.
I played outfield in high school a little bit.
