American,Musician
It's in the vein, somewhere in a cross between The Beatles, Cheap Trick, The Stones, Badfinger, you know, but it's not retro at all. But it is very pop.
We really put together a great band, and have a great time.
I guess it comes back to the old motto, you have you're fifteen minutes a fame.
I think there is always room for a timeless sounding rock band like us.
One of my friends is Snake from Skid Row.
Always gotta keep busy or the voices start telling me to do wild things.
We have an amazing fan base all around the world that love 40FT.
It's a bummer sometimes but I always believe that great bands and great music always prevail.
We can get airplay all across the board, from CHR to Active rock.
But we did the best we could and in the end some of us had to get day jobs and start fresh.
I also have a recording studio that I use to produce bands.
I think we were always humble.
But either way you cannot deny the sales and what we did.
You know, with bands like Kiss back out on the road and Aerosmith coming out, we are going to be a band like that, in the sense that it's a big rock band.
We had gone out on the road in 94 and 95 for a three month American tour, and we realised, as did our manager and booking agent at the time, that we have really exhausted it, and we can't make money at this anymore.
We did not have anyone like a manager, who could guide us and make it happen.
It's a big shame, because 'Trixter' in my mind were what a real rock n' roll band is all about.
No it wasn't at the time cause you have to remember, I had been playing clubs since I was 13.
Yeah, man I am going to be writing a book soon. The reality of being in a rock band in the music business'.
I have known from the beginning one thing you need to know. That is, the music business is a business.
The music is fun and all that, but first and foremost it is a business, it's about money.
Too many people get lost in the game of having a good time and being naive about things.
Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly until you learn to do it well.
Just tasking a team to be creative won't get you to be innovative. It's having a corporate climate that gives people the space to experiment and take risks. Only then can you truly sustain it.
