American,Politician
Yellowstone wildlife is treasured. We understand that. We'll manage them in a way that addresses that sensitivity.
In Montana, whether you're a farmer, whether you're a fisherman... you know that the climate is changing, and we need to do something about it.
The truth is Floridians and Montanans have more in common than you might think. Both are fed up with partisan gridlock in D.C., and look to their state leaders to find common ground, pursue compromise, and move forward solutions that improve the health of their economy, their communities and their residents.
Residents expect their state leaders to deliver solutions for the people of their state.
Political grandstanding might make for great soundbites for the evening news, but it will do nothing to help the people that go to work every day knowing that they're one health emergency away from bankruptcy. It will do nothing to help the hospitals struggling to keep their doors open under the crushing cost of uncompensated care.
Ultimately, the decision to expand Medicaid is one of common sense and necessity; the facts make it clear that it is good for state economies, good for hospitals, and good for the people who need healthcare coverage.
It's too bad American electoral races aren't as transparent as NASCAR races.
Tattooed across NASCAR drivers' jumpsuits and over every square inch of their cars are the logos of the companies sponsoring the teams, underwriting the costs, paying their salaries. Everyone can see who the drivers represent and who is footing the bill.
I believe states should have the right to be the masters of their own elections.
In Montana, no one, including out-of-state corporate executives, has been excluded from spending money - or 'speaking' - in our elections. Any individual can contribute. All we require is that they use their own money, not corporate money that belongs to shareholders, and that they disclose who they are.
Not on my watch will we sell or transfer our public lands.
We have our work cut out to make sure our outdoors will always remain accessible.
When I defend our right to hunt and fish on public lands, rivers and streams. Or work for better schools. And more good paying jobs that can support a family. Those aren't political issues to me. They're personal.
As governor, I'll put Montanans first.
People across the nation know Montana as 'Big Sky Country' or the 'Last Best Place' thanks to our stunning landscapes, blue-ribbon trout streams, and welcoming communities. Fewer people recognize that Montana has one of the most competitive business climates to go along with our exceptional quality of life.
My administration is focused on continuing to grow our economic foundation while ensuring emerging industries have the infrastructure and workforce they need to succeed in the global economy.
I'm personally committed to improving Montana's economic future.
My administration will continue to engage the private sector to increase economic opportunities and look for ways to improve our already top notch business environment.
I want to make sure that ours is a party that is focusing on both middle class issues and not becoming a party of our two coasts.
You could arm-chair quarterback what the president did or didn't do, or was asked to do or asked not to do. I guess I'm more focused on what's going forward.
There are folks out there, especially during the political season, that'll try to twist and turn economic statistics for their own personal benefit, to pick and choose talking points in order to tear Montana's progress down.
It's hard to make a clear line between what is political business and what is state business.
You want to be somewhat cautious inasmuch as you can't use the state email for political or campaign business.
How do you focus on jobs and creating opportunities for the next generation if it's just essentially a war on public employees and others?
The oil boom is providing Montanans an opportunity for good paying jobs.
It's no accident that Montana is the most fiscally prudent state in the nation.
