American,Actor
I love Russia. Some people love Africa, some people love Mexico, some people love purple, the color purple. I love Russia, and I'm not scared to say it.
Any great warrior is also a scholar, and a poet, and an artist.
I've always tried to avoid politics because most politicians that I know are quite dirty in terms of human dignity, ethics and morals.
I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life.
I was born in Detroit, in an all black neighborhood.
I am hoping that I can be known as a great writer and actor some day, rather than a sex symbol.
My CIA godfather told me he'd never heard any American speak Japanese so well.
One of the reasons why people - particularly young people - love action movies is because what they are really looking for is justice.
It is a lot harder now to be a police officer than what it used to be.
Criminals usually prey on weakness. They can smell it.
There was a time when I thought I was doing a good thing with good guys for a good cause. Looking back, I think I really wanted to be a warrior.
I love getting out on the streets and helping people.
I myself am a very nonviolent person and only resort to violence when I absolutely have to.
As a lifelong practitioner of martial arts, I'm trained to remain calm in the face of adversity and danger.
My philosophy is that the most important aspect of any religion should be human kindness. And to try to ease the suffering of others. To try to bring light and love into the lives of mankind.
For me, if God blessed me with that one great hit, I'm satisfied. But I've still got a lot in me, and I'd still like to get out there and tell a lot more stories cinematically. And God willing, I'll get the chance to do that.
I always hated being a child. I always felt like an adult trapped in a child's body.
Try to find the path of least resistance and use it without harming others. Live with integrity and morality, not only with people but with all beings.
I have made a lot of mistakes.
You can say that I lived in Asia for a long time and in Japan I became close to several CIA agents. And you could say that I became an adviser to several CIA agents in the field and, through my friends in the CIA, met many powerful people and did special works and special favors.
I've been a musician since childhood, and music is my first love. I love it.
All the movies that I have done I have not been in control of. Sometimes there is a contractual situation where you go to the studio, and they kind of tell you which ones they want you to do.
The secret is not to act, but to be.
Believe it or not, there are some things that I have written that would be kind of a dream to make. Hopefully, I will get to finance them... There is something that I wrote called 'Demon's Flare' which would kind of be a dream come true.
Aikido is not merely about fighting and the development of the physical self but the perfection of the spiritual man at the same time. It has very harmonious movements, very beautiful to watch and beautiful for your body to feel.
I think the more diversity that one has in his life, the happier he can be, as long as he is able to do whatever he chooses to do at that given time well.
