American,Public Servant
I've got a cure for mental health issue. Spank your children more.
The solution to 'on-line harassment' is simple: women should log off.
A country is more than an economy. We're a civic society.
Darkness is good. Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power.
I'm a Leninist. Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that's my goal, too.
There's a reason that male golfers don't compete against female golfers. They're in a league of their own, and it would end in tears. It's time to apply this logic to the online world.
Let the grassroots turn on the hate because that's the only thing that will make them do their duty.
Would you rather your child had feminism or cancer?
Birth control makes women unattractive and crazy.
My old firm, Goldman Sachs - traditionally, the best banks are leveraged 8:1. When we had the financial crisis in 2008, the investment banks were leveraged 35:1. Those rules had specifically been changed by a guy named Hank Paulson. He was secretary of Treasury.
We hire people who are freaks. They don't have social lives.
Goldman Sachs isn't the firm it once was when I worked for it, but it's still one of the building blocks of our capitalist society.
Our vision - Andrew's vision - was always to build a global, center-right, populist, anti-establishment news site.
What you realize hanging out with investigative reporters is that, while they may be personally liberal, they don't let that get in the way of a good story.
We have a mantra. 'Facts get shares; opinions get shrugs'.
I turned on Wall Street for the same reason everybody else did: The American taxpayer was forced to cut mook deals to bail out guys who didn't deserve it.
I'm not a white nationalist, I'm a nationalist. I'm an economic nationalist.
Planned Parenthood has amassed a Third Reich-style death count completely legally and while pocketing half a billion dollars a year to do so.
Given the hipness of transsexualism with people like Caitlyn Jenner and Jazz Jennings, there might be a third category, especially among children, and that is fashion.
Are there some people that are white nationalists that are attracted to some of the philosophies of the alt-right? Maybe.
Maybe some people are attracted to the alt-right that are homophobes, right? But that's just like, there are certain elements of the progressive left and the hard left that attract certain element.
The globalists gutted the American working class and created a middle class in Asia.
The media bubble is the ultimate symbol of what's wrong with this country.
If 'The New York Times' didn't exist, CNN and MSNBC would be a test pattern. 'The Huffington Post' and everything else is predicated on 'The New York Times'. It's a closed circle of information from which Hillary Clinton got all her information - and her confidence.
What Trump represents is a restoration - a restoration of true American capitalism.
Our definition of the alt-right is younger people who are anti-globalists, very nationalist, terribly anti-establishment.
