American,Musician
I have to get inspired by something that touches my soul, or rocks my soul.
I grew up with the smell of the lake and the feeling of the woods.
Maybe life is random, but I doubt it.
Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.
Fake it until you make it.
As you know, I'm androgynous. I can wear a jacket that most guys wouldn't put on. But you make it in guys' sizes, and suddenly they're wearing them. I think styles should get back to getting people to wear things that look so good that they don't care.
I mean, as long as it doesn't have a bra attached, guys can take a risk and wear stylish things that went out of style 30 years ago. As things go around, they come around.
I don't think anything is forever, but when my kids tell me they love me, that's forever.
But you've reached them, and I've always wanted to reach people. I'm the first one to say I love my fans because they love that I took a chance.
Drugs will get you out of your own way, but we lived it, and that's dangerous. It can actually turn around on itself and steal your soul, and that's what happened.
If you take all that I've learned from Joe and all that Joe has learned from me, and you throw all that into a song, not only are you using the gifts that God gave you, but also all the experiences you've had.
I'm grateful for doing those drugs, because they kept me from getting laid and I would have gotten AIDS.
Humility is really important because it keeps you fresh and new.
I like to come up with the melodies, and I have a lot of ideas as far as structure goes.
Guitar players never listen to lead singers.
Through song you learn, and I think school systems need to learn that. Through the rhythm you can learn better, through melody, with something you need to learn; it's a vehicle for it.
You have no idea how expensive it is to look this cheap.
When that second airplane hit the building, we all changed. We need to get back to some serious thinking.
I have a big ego, but I don't buy into it. I can't live off the ego. It's an honor that I get to be that guy onstage. It's not something I earned.
We need to go back to the way it was 30 years ago, when everybody had Grandma and Grandpa, and we were willing to pass moral judgments about right and wrong.
The things that come to those that wait may be the things left by those that got there first.
As good as I am, I'm nothing without my band.
Back then it was nothing like today. So you'd go to the bowling alley. We bowled and you could be in the back and you could make out, you know? And you know how hot it was to make out.
Great melody over great riffs is, to me, the secret of it all.
I don't mind being a grandfather; I've been a mother for so many years. You just can't believe what it's like being a father. Especially when you come out of the chaos of the road to getting married and having children.
I grew up in New Hampshire. My closest neighbor was a mile away. The deer and the raccoons were my friends. So I would spend time walking through the woods, looking for the most beautiful tropical thing that can survive the winter in the woods in New Hampshire.
