American,Musician
My objection to the death penalty is based on the idea that this is a democracy, and in a democracy the government is me, and if the government kills somebody then I'm killing somebody.
America's criminal justice system isn't known for rehabilitation. I'm not sure that, as a society, we are even interested in that concept anymore.
If there is such a thing as a workaholic, I'm it, and that's what passes for leisure.
Me, I'm spiritually retarded, I need to be knee deep in water with a fly rod in my hands, that's about as close to God as I get.
Townes Van Zandt is the best songwriter in the whole world, and I'll stand on Bob Dylan's coffee table in my cowboy boots and say that.
They say death and taxes are the only things that are inevitable. The truth is, you can not pay your taxes. I've done it, and there's consequences, but it can be done. Death you're not going to get out of, and you kind of got to deal with it.
I'm constantly warning people that are involved in my life that I can go busk and make a living. I can make my rent in New York City in the subway, I promise, if I'm forced to.
My son was diagnosed with autism. He's OK, he makes eye contact, but he doesn't talk. He needs eight hours a day of very intensive school, and you wouldn't even believe me if I told you how much it costs.
It amazes me that the most Christian funerals are the most barbaric funeral rites of passage that are celebrated anywhere in the world.
The human race survived the Inquisition. We can survive. It's like the Anne Frank quote: 'In spite of everything, I still believe that people are basically good at heart.' Given what happened to her, it's one of the miracles of the world that she said that.
If I can get Me out of the way, I can do anything.
The singer-songwriter has always played music that was stylistically rooted in the '30s and the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl. But the fact of the matter is that none of us remember the Depression firsthand.
We're so terrified of death in Western culture that we have to make up a myth of an afterlife. I think there's something to be said for living your life very mindful of the fact that you're going to die because I think you carry yourself differently. It doesn't have to be this big, negative bummer.
To me, religion is an agreement between a group of people about what God is. Spirituality is a one-on-one relationship.
You know, I'm not comfortable with people whose politics are static in a democracy.
All we do as songwriters is rewrite the songs that have impressed us till we find our own voice. It's part of learning the craft.
You see things differently at 40 than you do at 31. Especially if you got to 40 the way I did.
I don't usually read reviews.
I think the criticism that I take to heart is from other writers that I respect.
Sonnets are guys writing in English, imitating an Italian song form. It was a form definitely sung as often as it was recited.
I don't really think in terms of obstacles. My biggest obstacle is always myself.
Actually, in its purest form, Islam is incredibly tolerant. That makes what's going on in the world really bizarre.
Like most kids, I grew up singing 'This Land Is Your Land' in grammar school, but with the most radical verses neatly removed. This was before I knew it was a Woody Guthrie song.
I think the singer/songwriter genre is going to be like bluegrass and jazz. You can make a living at it, but it's not part of the musical mainstream anymore.
I think it's obvious that democracy is something that is contagious, and it always has been.
San Antonio is like a military town. It's like literally - when I was growing up there, there were five Air Force bases, plus Fort Sam Houston. I was always sort of near the military.
I love e-books. I can carry the complete works of William Shakespeare around with me all the time. Just think about that. Whether I'm on an airplane or wherever. Being able to have a library in your back pocket basically is something I support.
I promise you that I did not become an addict because of anything to do with the behavior of either of my parents. Everybody has to make their own choices.
I am connected to the past in a way that keeps me going forward. Every leap forward that I make is by reaching back and firmly getting a footing in the past, and pushing forward as hard as I can.
My dad was in a wheelchair and on oxygen for the last few years of his life.
I love baseball. I'll probably end up one of those old farts who go to spring training in Florida every year and drive from game to game all day.
I've been on every interstate highway in the lower forty-eight states by now, and I never get tired of the view.
I've never made a record that I'm ashamed of.
You can go out and find ways to make your own record and get it out there now. If you really want to, you can be heard. Keep things simple. Learn to go out and play solo. That's a really really good thing to learn, if you're a singer-songwriter. Don't be dependent on a band because you may not always be able to afford one.
I grew up counterculture. I'm essentially a hippie, and I'm essentially a folkie.
Fundamentalism, as practiced by the Taliban, is the enemy of real thought, and religion too.
I'm a country singer, and I'm comfortable with that. But why does a country singer have to play only on country radio or a rock singer only on a rock station? I still don't understand why it's that big a deal.
You can't write if you don't read.
Music was very influential on me as a kid.
I've been a serial husband, and I've done it badly every time.
The idea that murder victims' families are best served by continuing the cycle of violence is something that I consider to be not only a lie, but criminally negligent. You lie to victims' families when you tell them they're going to receive closure if they participate in the process and witness the execution of a human being.
My audience is, you know, pinkos in big cities.
Every country that's ever been the most powerful country in the world ceases to be the most powerful country in the world at some point.
I've never known of Wal-Mart to be a good neighbor in any town it's ever moved into.
