American,Musician
It's a long road, so we are just trying to stay focused and grounded and keep moving forward. I'll take it, though.
Even with most finite planning, you never know what the final result will reveal itself to be until it's staring back at you.
I walked in, looked around, and the navy recruiter was a really hot brunette, so I signed up with her.
I'll never get tired of being told I sound like Waylon Jennings, but I don't hear it myself.
I just can't sit down and write three verses and a chorus and a bridge anymore. It just don't find it inspiring.
Fewer and fewer bars are doing live music. Instead it's more DJs and dance parties.
I tried to make a honky-tonk country record - rough-hewn, cut fast, and all analog - like I wasn't hearing anymore.
You spend all this time reading or thinking or praying or searching or exploring.Maybe there's an Omega Point of love.
I've been reading about the idea of cyclical lives - it matches up to the idea of string theory and a multiverse. So I wanted to write a record about that instead of another song about broken hearts and drinking.
The art is what can't be put on a timeline. You can't say, 'Well, I'm going to make a record in May because that's when the producer has a window.' So just recording and getting things out is paramount for me.
All I'm really interested in musically is trying to make concept albums. Serving a larger sum than the parts.
I had a great job with the railroad, a good salary.
I knew I wanted to make a concept record in song-cycle form, like my favorite Marvin Gaye records where everything just continuously flows.
I'm grateful to all the non-risk-takers.
Elvis was a way bigger influence than Waylon Jennings, but you don't wanna tell people, 'I never really listened to Waylon.'
I'm just gonna write a record for my kid, and if people hate it, it doesn't matter.
I didn't graduate from college, so I might as well be on Atlantic Records, right?
I knew I loved playing bluegrass, so I'd end up down there on Sunday nights at the bluegrass jam.
I just have to do what it is going to make me happy, first and foremost - what is honest and what is sincere. Anybody that listens will hopefully connect with that.
Let's just cut a live record with three microphones in four days and talk about lizards and aliens. If I had taken that idea to even an independent label, I don't see a label out there that would've said, 'Oh yeah, that sounds great. We know how to market this.'
Willie Nelson, Marty Robbins, Merle Haggard and Keith Whitley - guys like that were huge influences.
It's hard enough to sit at a table and talk to most people as it is. But we can go to some town, and there's 300 people we've never met before, and by the third song, we're connecting with everyone in that room.
There's a lot going on in country music, with indie-label hipsters and underground bloggers arguing their interpretations of what country is, and pop-country stars defending themselves. That deserves to be poked fun at.
My wife thinks I'm crazy.
Both my grandfathers and my mother's brother were musicians.
Back home, playing music is never anything you imagine you can do for a living. It's what you do after work.
Somebody told me once it takes an Americana song five minutes to say what a country song says in three - so I try to write country songs. But really, all good music is just soul music.
My paternal grandfather, when he was in the army in World War II - he was over in the South Pacific, and he thought he was gonna die. And he wrote a letter to my grandmother and their newborn son, thinking he wasn't gonna come home.
London's been really good to me - England as a whole - but the Scots and the Irish especially are very appreciative because that's kind of where it all came from.
I'm very grateful, but at the same time, I'm glad all this happened when I'm 36 instead of 26 because I - I'm just such a homebody, and I just want to write songs and make the best record that I can.
I find that I have to just kind of avoid the Internet as much as possible. And even more so, when I go and look at it, I remember why I should be avoiding it.
I fail to see how anything can still be weird in 2016.
I needed a writing space to get out of my house with the little guy. Because any time I try to write or sit down and do things, he wants to be there with me and play the guitar.
That might be completely self-indulgent, to write your first major-label debut as a dedication to your family. But, you know, that's where my heart was.
I just really want to make - to be cliche about it, I want to make pretty music. Like Roy Orbison or Elvis, man. Those guys made beautiful, tender music.
I saw Dolly Parton play at the Glastonbury Festival to about 120,000 people. It was an ocean of human beings. I was a mile away from the stage, and I swear to God, I could feel her energy.
I'm not meant to sit on the couch and not play music. But I never want to feel like I have to put out a record. I don't want to ever make those records.
The only way I'm going to support my family is to tour. I love playing, don't get me wrong. That 90 minutes every night, that's free. We get paid to travel. But every night, I have to get myself locked in. There are a thousand people that don't want to be disappointed, because they have a lot of expectations.
Music Row gets dragged through the dirt, but they're just trying to survive.
Looking back on it, now I can identify the points in my life when I wasn't playing, and music - and didn't have that outlet - those were the points when I was most unguided and self destructive because I didn't have that channel to get those energies out. I'm a much healthier person when I play music.
You can embrace nostalgia and history and tradition at the same time - it has to progress or it can't survive.
I don't pretend to be an astrophysicist or anything, even though I do read about certain things like metaphysics and cosmology that I've always just been really interested in. I don't pretend to be able to sit down and pontificate on any of these subjects.
Anytime I ever have met someone that was very angry or full of negativity, nine times out of ten, if you really take a good look at that person's life, there's probably not a whole lot of love going on there.
I've always played music. But you know, in eastern Kentucky, everybody plays music.
I think when you're dealing with any issues about trying to become a better human being, you have to look at a lot of things about yourself that maybe you don't want to or aren't able to.
