American,Author
Travel becomes a strategy for accumulating photographs.
The camera makes everyone a tourist in other people's reality, and eventually in one's own.
Existence is no more than the precarious attainment of relevance in an intensely mobile flux of past, present, and future.
Life is not significant details, illuminated by a flash, fixed forever. Photographs are.
Sanity is a cozy lie.
I envy paranoids; they actually feel people are paying attention to them.
The ideology of capitalism makes us all into connoisseurs of liberty - of the indefinite expansion of possibility.
My idea of a writer: someone interested in everything.
Lying is an elementary means of self-defense.
The life of the creative man is lead, directed and controlled by boredom. Avoiding boredom is one of our most important purposes.
What is the most beautiful in virile men is something feminine; what is most beautiful in feminine women is something masculine.
I was not looking for my dreams to interpret my life, but rather for my life to interpret my dreams.
Making social comment is an artificial place for an artist to start from. If an artist is touched by some social condition, what the artist creates will reflect that, but you can't force it.
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
To take a photograph is to participate in another person's mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time's relentless melt.
For those who live neither with religious consolations about death nor with a sense of death (or of anything else) as natural, death is the obscene mystery, the ultimate affront, the thing that cannot be controlled. It can only be denied.
AIDS occupies such a large part in our awareness because of what it has been taken to represent. It seems the very model of all the catastrophes privileged populations feel await them.
Interpretation is the revenge of the intellectual upon art.
The painter constructs, the photographer discloses.
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
The truth is balance. However the opposite of truth, which is unbalance, may not be a lie.
Societies need to have one illness which becomes identified with evil, and attaches blame to its victims.
As photographs give people an imaginary possession of a past that is unreal, they also help people to take possession of space in which they are insecure.
What we need is to use what we have.
Ambition, if it feeds at all, does so on the ambition of others.
Intelligence is really a kind of taste: taste in ideas.
Books are funny little portable pieces of thought.
Anything in history or nature that can be described as changing steadily can be seen as heading toward catastrophe.
Science fiction films are not about science. They are about disaster, which is one of the oldest subjects of art.
To photograph is to confer importance.
The taste for quotations (and for the juxtaposition of incongruous quotations) is a Surrealist taste.
Surrealism is a bourgeois disaffection; that its militants thought it universal is only one of the signs that it is typically bourgeois.
I don't want to express alienation. It isn't what I feel. I'm interested in various kinds of passionate engagement. All my work says be serious, be passionate, wake up.
In the final analysis, style is art. And art is nothing more or less than various modes of stylized, dehumanized representation.
I do not think white America is committed to granting equality to the American Negro. This is a passionately racist country; it will continue to be so in the foreseeable future.
