American,Businesswoman
Today, most young women are exposed to technology at a very young age, with mobile phones, tablets, the Web or social media. They are much more proficient with technology than prior generations since they use it for all their school work, communication and entertainment.
Though we do need more women to graduate with technical degrees, I always like to remind women that you don't need to have science or technology degrees to build a career in tech.
Many women assume they can't be good mothers and have challenging careers at the same time, so they might give up trying to do both as they get to a crucial point in their career. Although it can be hard at times, it's important for women to recognize the benefits of working outside the home.
Generally, our approach with products at Google is to first develop the right user base and then to figure out what's the right experience for the ads.
The great thing about the Internet is you can launch a product, and within just a few hours, people will tell you what they think about it.
I think video advertising is a hugely compelling medium.
Right now, offline and online are coming together because of smartphones.
I love taking an idea... to a prototype and then to a product that millions of people use.
Advertising is very simple in a lot of ways. Advertisers go where the users go, and users are choosing to spend a lot more time online.
It's important for me to show my children the richness of life and be a role model. I find that my organizational and management skills are tested more at home than at work!
I have tried to be a leader. I have tried in my role of being one of the first women at Google, let alone the first woman to have a baby, to really try to set the tone that this is a great place to work for diversity reasons.
Work smart. Get things done.
There are lots of people in the Silicon Valley who are interested in working at a fast-moving, dynamic company like Google. Not just my family members.
First there's my role just as an executive being responsible for advertising, regardless of gender. I think that's a position that I take seriously. That's the first role. But I think for my role as a woman at Google, you try to set a good example and be a role model for the other women in the organization.
People don't understand the logistics of advertising. To have the ads purchased and run, you need to have a series of products that work together.
I think we have to recognize as an industry that users have a lot more choices and can click away to a lot more media. As a result, the advertising we create really needs to be something users want to see.
My smartest move was joining Google. It wasn't obvious at the time that it would be a good decision. A lot of people, many of my friends, advised me against it.
What's important is that I do my job really well, that I build great products and that I'm a great leader. All those things matter independent of gender. But I do think there's a responsibility for me to support other women at Google.
Let's face it: Engineering companies in general have more men than women. Google has tried really hard to recruit women. On the other hand, we have a standard. Google tries to recruit the best engineers.
Google is fascinating, and the book isn't finished. I'm creating, living, building, and writing those chapters.
People used to say that advertising wasn't in Google's DNA, and that's obviously not true anymore. They used to say that display advertising isn't in Google's DNA, and that's not true any more.
I think the phone is a really personal device in a lot of ways. If you drop your phone or lose it there's a moment of panic. On the other hand there's a lot of control that users have.
Google is a consumer brand and people need to be comfortable. If we were just an advertising brand we wouldn't have the same concerns. We've always tried to promote transparency and choice among our users.
Ads get a bad reputation sometimes because they're not useful. They're not relevant, or slow.
Google has been doing well. As much as possible we're trying to share back with the employees. They will continue to create a lot of value.
At the end of the day, both men and women who become CEOs have showed tenacity and hard work to succeed in their careers. It takes not just skills but also extreme dedication and commitment. And regardless of gender, CEOs are measured by the same criteria - the growth and success of the business.
