American,Author
When you are grateful - when you can see what you have - you unlock blessings to flow in your life.
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.
If a child, a spouse, a life partner, or a parent depends on you and your income, you need life insurance.
True generosity is an offering; given freely and out of pure love. No strings attached. No expectations. Time and love are the most valuable possession you can share.
When you lose something in your life, stop thinking it's a loss for you... it is a gift you have been given so you can get on the right path to where you are meant to go, not to where you think you should have gone.
The key to making money is to stay invested.
The new American dream is one of responsibility. What is the bottom-line number that you're going to be able to pay back toward a student loan responsibly if you're doing it yourself after you have a job? That dictates the amount of money you can borrow. That dictates the school you can go to, if you can even go to a four-year college at all.
People have got to learn: if they don't have cookies in the cookie jar, they can't eat cookies.
Rather than saying, 'My checking account is a wreck,' change it to 'I will learn how to track my spending and balance my checkbook.'
Estate planning is an important and everlasting gift you can give your family. And setting up a smooth inheritance isn't as hard as you might think.
If there is anyone dependent on your income - parents, children, relatives - you need life insurance.
No one's ever achieved financial fitness with a January resolution that's abandoned by February.
Credit card companies are jacking up interest rates, lowering credit limits, and closing accounts - and people who have made timely payments are not exempt. So even if you pay off your balance - and that's tough when interest rates are insanely high - there's a good chance your credit limit will be slashed, and that will hurt your FICO score.
Money you know you need or want to spend in the next few years is savings. Money you keep handy for an emergency belongs in savings. Money you hope to use soon for a down payment on a house belongs in savings. And all savings belong in a low-risk bank savings account or money market account.
Happiness is not a luxury. It is a necessity. When we are happy, we are in the best possible place to be good to ourselves and those we love.
Your credit score affects the interest rates you're offered on credit cards and loans, can be used to vet your job application, and in some states may influence your insurance premiums.
It's impossible to map out a route to your destination if you don't know where you're starting from.
We tend to focus on assets and forget about debts. Financial security requires facing up to the big picture: assets minus debts.
It's easy to underestimate the real cost of home ownership.
Recast your current problems into proactive goals.
Time is key to building your financial security.
If you have debt I'm willing to bet that general clutter is a problem for you too.
Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights.
The world needs another vehicle to get people to pay in cash.
A wise woman knows how to summon her courage and do what is right, rather than what is easy.
Never invest emergency savings in the stock market.
Learn how to prioritize all your debt. And did you know student loan debt is the most dangerous debt any of us can have?
The American dream is dead for the majority of America.
Once your kids are grown and you know that you're completely healthy, consider canceling your life insurance policy.
The foundation of a financial fresh start actually has nothing to do with money or specific financial dos and don'ts. The first, and most difficult, step is to absolve yourself and your spouse or partner of any guilt.
If you're not staying on top of your money, you are putting your financial well-being at risk.
Focus on what you have.
Ignore the annual percentage rate when shopping for a mortgage.
There is nothing more beautiful than a confident woman.
Anything that gets people to think harder about their financial security and take some responsibility is a good thing.
I do not think I am successful just because I have money. I'm successful because I love who I am and I have no regrets, and I'm successful because I have a great heart and I have compassion and I care and I would be happy with or without money.
Owning a home is a keystone of wealth - both financial affluence and emotional security.
If you're going to live in the house make it your goal to just pay off your mortgage.
So many financial dreams are thwarted by the failure to act upon good intentions.
I love the Roth IRA. Tax-free income in retirement is a truly great deal.
When you give, give from the place of the heart because it is the right thing to do, not the easy thing to do.
Just because you can afford it doesn't mean you should buy it.
Take free money. No matter how in debt you are, if your employer offers a matching contribution on a 401(k) or other retirement vehicle, you must sign up and contribute enough to get the maximum company match each year. Think of it as a bonus.
Pay off your mortgage before retirement, and that's one less bill you'll have to worry about when you're on a fixed income.
Credit card issuers and HELOC lenders are like fair-weather friends: They cozy up to you in good times, but when the economy heads south, they abandon you faster than Usain Bolt runs the 100 meters.
While a reverse mortgage can indeed be a viable way to generate income, it is very important to understand that after you take out a reverse mortgage, you will still be responsible for paying the property tax, the insurance premium, and all the maintenance costs for your home.
Success is not how many zeroes your bank account has. It's about making the most of the life you have.
We women know how to take care of everybody so well. But the one person we have written out of the equation is us.
You must recognize, embrace, and be honest about what is real for you today and allow that understanding to inform the choices you make. Only then will you be able to build the future of your dreams.
Give to yourself as much as you give of yourself! This means you have to put yourself first.
People often panic when the markets go down and sell off their stocks - but then they aren't in the game when the markets are doing well.
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... it's no different in the financial realm.
People first, then money, then things.
I think they've been baby bummers.
Opposites may attract, but I wouldn't put my money on a relationship of financial opposites.
They got married, they got divorced, and half their money goes out the window.
We never had it as rough as the kids have it today. Look at the price of a gallon of gas or a piece of real estate or a college education.
If you're going down the street and you're going the wrong way, remember - God permits U-turns.
Money is such an amazing teacher: What you choose to do with your money shows whether you are truly powerful or powerless.
I simply want you to give to yourself as much as you give of yourself. By taking care of yourself financially, you will truly be able to take care of those you love.
Never cosign a loan. Once you have cosigned, you cannot get out of it - even on your deathbed.
Private student loans should be avoided at all costs.
Never, ever invest money that you will need prior to three to five years - minimum.
Everybody in America started to define themselves by all these things they had around them. And all of a sudden it came tumbling down. So the old American dream has died, and that is a good thing.
I always say, 'People first, then money, then things.'
If you wait until your children are high school seniors to spring it on them that there's not a whole lot of money for school, they won't have too many options.
Consider a 15- or 20-year fixed-rate mortgage instead of a 30-year, if you can afford the monthly payments - they may not be as high as you think.
Opt for a fixed-rate rather than an adjustable-rate mortgage.
The world does not need another credit card.
Who would you want to be giving you advice? Somebody who doesn't have any money?
A wise woman recognizes when her life is out of balance and summons the courage to act to correct it, she knows the meaning of true generosity, happiness is the reward for a life lived in harmony, with a courage and grace.
When you're happy you find pure joy in your life. There are no regrets in this state of happiness - and that's a goal worth striving for in all areas of your life.
Get rid of debt now.
Cut back your spending now.
Make it a priority to have at least eight months of living costs set aside in a federally insured bank or credit union account.
Those carrying a credit card balance should scale back to making the minimum payment each month so they have more money to put into savings.
If you are worried about job security and do not have an adequate emergency fund (ideally eight months' worth of living expenses stashed away in a federally insured bank or credit union), you need to focus more on saving money than paying down the balance on your credit cards.
If the only way you can build an emergency fund is to pay the minimum due on your credit card, that is what you need to do.
I love, love, love that you want to use your debit card. But to keep your credit score solid, you still need to keep a few credit cards and use them at least once every few months.
Every portfolio benefits from bonds; they provide a cushion when the stock market hits a rough patch. But avoiding stocks completely could mean your investment won't grow any faster than the rate of inflation.
Late payments also hurt your FICO score. And never, ever take out a cash advance on your credit card.
It pays to be a fee fiend.
If you're saving for the long run, it's actually a good thing when the market is down because the more shares you have, the more you can potentially make when markets rise. And over time - decades, not months - the markets rise more than they fall.
If you pay off your mortgage before retirement, you take a huge financial load off your shoulders. You also become eligible to take out a reverse mortgage once you turn 62.
Every time you overhear something hurtful, I want you to do something kind for someone else.
Don't let what others think or say get in your way; their actions reflect on them, not you.
The chances of a bank going out of business are extremely slim, but it's always a good idea to spread around major sums so every penny is backed by insurance.
The foundation of a financial fresh start actually has nothing to do with money or specific financial dos and don'ts.
Make this the year you tackle that credit card debt once and for all.
I get so frustrated when people tell me it's unrealistic to create an eight-month emergency savings fund, or have money saved for a home down payment, or pay off their $5,000 credit card balance.
Put your financial life on autopilot as a form of 'forced' saving.
I am a big believer that orderliness begets wealth.
A pile of bills and statements - whether paid or not - is a sign that someone is clueless about what's coming in and going out.
I have never been a fan of bond funds. Unlike a direct investment in an individual bond that you can hold to maturity and be assured you will get your principal back (assuming no default), a fund has no finite maturity date and most funds are actively traded.
Even if you were to fall into extreme financial hardship and file for bankruptcy, you need to understand that your student loan debt will not be discharged in bankruptcy. It is the Velcro of all debts.
A cash advance on a credit card is one of the worst types of borrowing because the interest rate is typically 21 percent or more.
Structured settlements are a common way for people who have been injured to receive an insurance payout. The periodic payments provide ongoing income and reduce the risk of blowing a lump sum through poor financial choices.
Raise your auto and home deductibles to $1,000 or more, and your premium cost falls at least 10 percent.
Credit unions are often a better deal than banks and tend to pay higher yields on deposits.
Money you won't need to use for at least seven years is money for investing. The goal here is to have your account grow over time to help you finance a distant goal, such as building a retirement fund. Since your goal is in the future, money for investing belongs in stocks.
What I've learned is that the audience is constantly rotating. Just because it feels like I've said it, there are millions and millions of people that have still never heard of it.
Grace is above praise and blame. I never read the bad stuff people write, but I never read the good stuff, either. Ever. I know who I am, and I know that God looks down on me and smiles. I know that - without a shadow of a doubt.
For all your long-term investments, such as retirement accounts that you won't touch for at least ten years, you need a mix of stocks and bonds. Stocks offer the best shot at inflation-beating gains. But stocks don't always go up. That's where bonds come into play: They have less upside potential, but they also do not pack the same risk.
You should keep a copy of your tax return indefinitely, but you need to save supporting documents for only three years.
If you make time each month to give your money some attention, you'll start the next year in fabulous financial shape.
You must trust yourself more than you trust others. Pay attention to your inner voice - it will tell you if how and in what you are investing is right for you.
Give a portion of your money to others. By releasing an anxious grasp on your money, you will open yourself to receive all that is meant to be yours.
Learn to recognize true wealth. Money itself will not make you financially free. That comes as a result of only that powerful state of mind which tells us that we are worth far more than our money.
Understand and accept the cycles of money. The setbacks you may have today or next year will not keep you from financial freedom. If you hold on to your goals and dreams, you will get there.
Financial advice needs to change according to what is happening in the economy.
In January we start saving money, getting out of credit card debt, funding our retirement accounts, and we're doing wonderful. Then, every single year like clockwork, starting in November, all of you fall into this trap that says, 'I have to buy this gift... I can't show up at this party and not have something for everybody.'
I am a big believer that orderliness begets wealth. A pile of bills and statements - whether paid or not - is a sign that someone is clueless about what's coming in and going out. When you consciously open, read, and file away your bills and statements, you are connecting with your money and taking control of your life.
If you make any trades during the year, keep a record of each transaction for at least three years.
Remember: If the IRS suspects you haven't reported income, it can challenge returns from the past six years. So if you are self-employed or have multiple income sources, hold on to six years of files to be absolutely safe.
Yes, your kids should go to school. No, you shouldn't bankroll their degree whatever the cost. You've spent your life creating a sound financial plan; don't upend it by suspending your retirement savings or taking out a home equity line of credit to pay for a pricey college.
If you wait to see how much money you have left at the end of the month to put toward savings, the answer may be zero. So, set up an automated monthly transfer from your checking to savings account. Once you lock into that commitment, you'll be forced to scale back spending to make ends meet.
It may take you months or even a few years to build up an adequate emergency savings fund. That's okay.
A revocable living trust allows your heirs to avoid probate entirely and keeps you in complete control of your finances while you're alive. You can always make changes to what's in the trust and to how you'd ultimately like it managed or disbursed.
I want to be clear here: It does not matter what you say in your will or trust; the beneficiary document attached to your IRA accounts and your life insurance policy overrides what you say elsewhere. If you want to change the beneficiary, you must change the beneficiary document.
There is no law saying you have to die before your assets can be passed to loved ones. In fact, gifting earlier can be a lovely way to witness how your money helps your family thrive.
I get mad when people give me presents. I don't want them, I don't need them.
Money is kind of just like air - if you don't have air, you can't breathe. If you don't have money, I don't think you'll want to breathe - you won't want to live.
The prenup needs to be drawn up months before the wedding, not days - it's not something you slap together and sign in the car on the way to the ceremony. A shotgun prenup might not hold up in court.
Prenups are so unromantic - a sign of distrust, not love. Time for a reality check, my friends. First, drawing up a prenuptial agreement together is a sign of incredible trust and financial openness - you're fooling yourself if you think you can achieve complete intimacy without it.
The middle class has disappeared. We have a highway to poverty and no roads coming out.
Sometimes your mind lets you do things with your money that make no sense.
It's not what you make, but how you feel about what you make and what you spend.
You have got to be the masters of your own financial future.
Cash - in savings accounts, short-term CDs or money market deposits - is great for an emergency fund. But to fulfill a long-term investment goal like funding your retirement, consider buying stocks. The more distant your financial target, the longer inflation will gnaw at the purchasing power of your money.
A reverse mortgage is available to anyone who is at least 62 years old and owns a home outright, or has a small mortgage balance remaining.
Remember what I always say: people first, then money, then things.
One journalist estimated my liquid net worth at $25 million. That's pretty close. My houses are worth another $7 million.
For seven years after college, I was a waitress at the Buttercup Bakery in Berkeley, and from there I got a job at Merrill Lynch as an account executive, from where I went to vice president of investments for Prudential-Bache Securities. I started my own firm in 1987.
My greatest pleasure is still flying private. I spend between $300,000 to $500,000, depending on my year, on flying private.
I have a million dollars in the stock market, because if I lose a million dollars, I don't personally care.
Courage is not always about action. It takes courage to do nothing rather than do something that you do not believe in or understand.
Sometimes poverty is the greatest gift you can ever be given. Sometimes loss is the key that leads you to gain.
It wasn't until I stood in my truth and told everybody that I had $250,000 in credit card debt. At that point, everything turned around for me. I had to reveal the truth about what I didn't have, more than pretend about what I did. That was interesting.
I always knew that I would have to make it on my own somehow.
Not everything is about money.
I want to work with the Philippine people and make life better there; there are systems I can work with.
