American,Celebrity
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.
I think God gave every one of us a cell phone, we just dropped it.
I don't like tofu. I'd sooner eat a sponge.
What I think a psychic is, unfortunately, I think in this day and age, it's taken on sort of a rancid sound.
Reincarnation occurs because we decide that we haven't learned enough lessons.
A ghost is someone who hasn't made it - in other words, who died, and they don't know they're dead. So they keep walking around and thinking that you're inhabiting their - let's say, their domain. So they're aggravated with you.
A spirit is, like, your mother, my dad, who've made it. They can come around, but they come around in a loving way because they've already made it to God. Most people make it.
Animal totems, like the tiger, come from the Other Side to protect us while we are away from Home.
The more painful it is, tragically, the more you do learn, though, that's the good part.
I've always wanted to put a little solarium on the back of my house. You know. Glass.
You know, bad people, I've never seen bad people have angels.
I have the same problems that everybody else does.
Psychics can never be 100 percent. I think that would be scary to be 100 percent.
My master's degree was in English literature.
I don't just talk to the dead.
Every person who has a reading with me has an audiotape.
Yeah, I'm very smart.
I do a lot of stuff. I mean, you know, charity work.
I don't think that there is a person that I've met - I'm sure there are - that I've had any conflict with.
I keep a night light on because my room is so full at night, I can't get to sleep!
I always tell what I see.
Dreams really tell you about yourself more than anything else in this world could ever tell you.
Everyone dreams, but not everybody remembers their dreams because some people go into delta; they go too low.
You know what's strange? A lot of men don't dream in color. Women will dream in color more than men.
Nightmares are releases.
I've always been interested in past lives, because they're earmarks of what creates us.
