American,Businessman
I was very fortunate in my gene mix. The gambling instincts I inherited from my father were matched by my mother's gift for analysis.
Work eight hours and sleep eight hours and make sure that they are not the same hours.
Try everything. Do everything. Nuclear. Biomass. Coal. Solar. You name it. I support them all.
Never Googled myself. I use a computer for market quotes and news, but I've never Googled myself. But I have visited their headquarters.
I have always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.
The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.
I don't go cheap on anything, but I'm not a shopper. If I want something, I look at it, decide what it is, but it will usually be the best product. I've got a pair of loafers that I still wear that I got in 1957.
Fundamentals make the market.
I've always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.
Chief executives, who themselves own few shares of their companies, have no more feeling for the average stockholder than they do for baboons in Africa.
Far too many executives have become more concerned with the 'four P's' - pay, perks, power and prestige - rather than making profits for shareholders.
If you don't have a refinery operating, it's hard to use oil that's available.
We're going to have shortages and prices are going to go up. Gasoline is going to be extremely tight for us.
If you can provide the funding and you get the leadership, you'll have a competitive team.
You want to compete, and you want to compete at the highest level.
You give the money where you want it.
I don't care whether you use natural gas, ethanol, the battery. You can use anything, just so it's American.
I don't need any more money.
On a scale from 1-10, my ambition is probably 11 or 12.
To me, emails are a little bit frustrating. I think that the telephone is much preferred because you get the sound of the voice and the interest and everything else you can't see in an email.
If somebody I don't like gets in the crosshairs, I pull the trigger. But I don't hunt for them.
When you look at a commodities market you need hedgers and speculators. If you don't have one, you don't have a market. That's how it works.
I'm amused when Congress tries to place the blame on somebody but never themselves. I've never heard any of them ever say, 'I've made a mistake.' I do. I say I called it wrong. But they just try to find somebody to blame.
Natural gas is a better transportation fuel than gasoline, so if that's the case, it's cheaper, it's cleaner and it's a domestic resource.
I've got an opinion on everything.
In the history of America, we've never had an energy plan. We don't even realize the resources we have available to us.
