American,Musician
I'm doing exactly what I always wanted to do, and I still like what I can do musically.
I'm old enough to chew my peas and corn without choking.
Particularly with the blues, it's not just about bad times. It's about the healing spirit.
I'm perceived as someone who goes out and searches for new music, but it was all present in my household.
The one thing I've always demanded of the records I've made is that they be danceable.
It's very interesting, the dynamics of popularity. When you do something all the time, you don't worry about whether it's trendy or not.
The blues is played everywhere. There's no place I've been where they don't have blues or aren't interested in blues.
As I got more involved in music, one of the things that made me excited, from the time I was a child, was that clear link between our ancestors and the sounds we hear today.
Naw, it - it never stops, man... You gotta be doing what you're supposed to be doing - whenever, however it's coming down, you know. If you're getting your butt kicked - you still gotta do what you gotta be doing.
It's just like heirloom tomatoes; this is heirloom music. We used to have all kinds of diversity in our poultry, in our vegetables, in our fruits, and slowly but surely the monoculture beast comes in. I'm saying that's not a good idea. And if it means that I gotta do it on my own, then I do it on my own.
My mother was American, and my father was from the Caribbean, and there was a big open door into the world of humanity and music.
I didn't want to fall into the trap of complacency.
I wanted to keep pushing the musical ideas I had about jazz, music from Africa and the Caribbean.
I wanted to explore the connections between different kinds of music.
I enjoy music wherever it's coming from.
I don't care if it's somebody else's song. Most of the time, you'll find that I'll put my own stamp on it. But I started writing more because, you know, it's easy to regurgitate what somebody else is doing, but it's exciting to be able to come up with your own writing.
If what you're talking about is seeing someone perform, then I'll have to say that in the rhythm-and-blues side of things, seein' Otis Redding live was it, you know?
As a kid, I always felt connected to Africa; it was something I was very proud of.
I was always looking for evidence of these common musical roots, but I was too young to know that what I was doing was called ethnomusicology.
If the Rolling Stones are playing a concert across town, that's not my audience anyways. But I do find that there's a lot of people coming back around to see me again.
What you have to understand is that blues... it's in a line from the oldest forms of African music. If you're playing it like it's an echo of the past, it would be a lot less exciting, but this music lives today.
As a solo performer, it's total involvement. What I do is to break down the wall between audience and performer.
I see myself as a composer who plays music and likes to play with other people, and not just as a solo artist.
I don't need the credits for playing the blues and paying the dues. I've already done it. There are some other things to do here - movies and scores and voice-overs.
My parents grew up during the Harlem renaissance.
My grandparents on my father's side came to this country from the Caribbean with a strong connection to Africa and no shame about it.
I've got tons more stuff to do.
No matter what went down, music was always going to be a part of my life. What ultimately happened is that, over a period of time, I just kind of looked around and when like, 'Wow! I'm actually making a living doing this.'
In looking out into the world, it didn't look all that nice out there. And who were the nice people? Certainly Mahatma Gandhi was.
My grandmother had many children. She lost most. So when we came along, we were really special. I was the first grandchild that could see her spirit moving to a new generation.
