American,Actress
I believe that you can always learn from observation.
I truly believe that when a person makes a concrete decision and takes action towards a goal that they've set, that the universe will step in and provide opportunities.
I took the whole college prep trajectory, and then in my senior year of high school, I decided that performing was something that I had always done as a kid, and I loved it... I said, 'This makes people happy when I do this, I feel good, I get to pretend and explore other areas and learn so much'.
I was the first African-American woman to play Maggie in 'Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.' It was at the Virginia State Theatre, and we turned Richmond upside down.
I'm Irish on St. Patrick's Day. I'm Italian on Columbus Day. I'm a New Yorker every day.
Show business is fickle, and though I have been blessed with a healthy career, who knows how long that will last?
When I first got to New York, all I did was musicals. After a few years I had to make a conscious choice to close the door on musicals, because I was getting pigeon-holed as a musical theater performer.
I always watch the work I do.
Understand that the time in the audition is your time. Really own it and take control of it. And do what you prepared. Focus on really executing what it is that you intended to do.
All you have is yourself and what you have to present, and just focus on that. And if you can walk out of the audition and say to yourself, 'I hit all my beats,' 'I accomplished my emotional honesty,' or 'I remembered my words,' then that's winning.
Chuck Cooper is a friend, and I adore him. He can do so many things.
I am always happy to use my song and dance training.
I want to play Eva Peron. I've already done a lot of Shakespeare, but I'd like to do Lady Macbeth.
I've always come into a show when the show was already up and running.
I have Native American blood. I have African blood. I have European blood.
My Native American heritage was not embraced by our family, and we grew up African-American, so I didn't have a lot of access or history to that line of my family.
Even though you're married, you're still individuals. You still have to grow and nurture your individuality.
You have to continue to grow and evolve as individuals in order for your marriage to evolve. It takes two pillars to support a structure. If those two pillars become one, you have a structure that teeters.
I've lived in New York for thirty years now, but I'm a proud Pittsburgher, and home is home. My family's still in Pittsburgh.
I just think there are enough hours in the day. If you just focus and dedicate yourself and approach each task as it presents itself, you can accomplish a lot.
I'm always happy and most at home on the stage. I love film and television, but I love live performance... your immediacy with the audience, it makes all the difference in the world.
When I first moved to New York, all I did was musical theater. That's what I studied at Carnegie Mellon University.
I grew up in a funeral home. Both my parents were morticians.
There was a time, actually, when I hadn't been singing, and I'd lost a lot of my ability. My range had shrunk.
Here's how I look at it: Life is full of challenges. Everybody has them. For some, it's health or family crises. I had a financial challenge.
Working on a film is so great because you have the luxury of more time when you're on a movie than when you're on television.
