American,Celebrity
Id rather have a fake smile than a nasty stare.
We all need to slow down and go to acupuncture.
I enjoy shopping and going on holiday.
Before mobile phones, I used to call my parents from a phone box and reverse the charges.
You don't find happiness by being able to buy everything you want, whenever you want it.
My dogs are spoilt for sure. They are pampered pooches. But I love them so much! I guess all dogs need to be washed, but maybe blueberry facials aren't essential. It's quite fun, though. You want to give your children everything; I don't have children, so I want my dogs to have a good life.
I want people to see that I'm a real person, I overreact, I cry, I'm emotional. If I come across as perfect and in control, that wouldn't be who I really am.
As a woman, I believe you have to embrace your body, and feel beautiful both inside and out.
My father started with nothing and is a self-made man. No matter what I do with my life, I can never match his accomplishments.
When you are rich, people try to take advantage of you.
On my foot it says, 'The best is yet to come,' and that's there because I really believe it.
Im very nurturing.
Not every woman has time to go to a salon and have her hair blow-dried every day.
I was raised to want to work for a living. The idea of just sitting around or going shopping every day appalls me.
People don't get my sense of humour.
At the end of the day, I'm not a bad person; I don't hurt anyone.
My sister would say I'm a feeder because I like cooking for people.
I'm the sort of person who takes a camera to dinner or a nightclub because I enjoy taking pictures of people. I tweet all my pictures, which is bad.
My dad is often horrified by what I've spent my money on.
Everyone has a past, and the downside to my life is that the past gets dragged up.
I do believe in happy-ever-after.
I don't need anyone to look after me financially and, while it's hard to trust that a man loves you for the right reasons, you have to take a leap of faith.
I think I'm a good judge of character.
I do think, even though you are a public figure, I do think you should be entitled to your privacy, and I do think that there are things that go on in relationships and behind closed doors that are completely private.
Formula One has been the backdrop of my life.
I understood from an early age what being competitive means.
