American,Celebrity
I always say shopping is cheaper than a psychiatrist.
Honey, I am going to my grave with my eyelashes and my makeup on.
Don't let fear rule your life. Live one day at a time, and never be afraid.
I'm a real simple person. I believe that the Bible means what it says, and says what it means.
Sometimes, poor people don't smell too good, so love can have no nose.
I wish people could have seen what they called our mansion. They would have been so disappointed, because it was just an old house that we fixed up, and I love the old house.
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God.
I think people need to know that there's great peace and joy in knowing the Lord - the Lord Jesus Christ - as your savior.
I wake up every morning and I wish I were dead, and so does Jim.
I can trust in Jesus. And this Gospel that we preach does work. So those who are hurting and suffering today, hang in there. The sun will shine again.
Religious people today are courts and juries. When it comes down to it, Jesus died on the cross so that we could learn to love others like we love ourselves, not judge them or persecute them.
There's a verse in the Bible says, 'In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.' And what brings me peace is the scripture.
You don't have to be dowdy to be a Christian.
I shop, therefore I am.
I won't be in gay parades - I don't think they need them. I believe in class - I believe that people should have a bit of class about them.
Honey, God loves everybody. It's human beings who mess things up.
I believe when I leave this earth, because I love the Lord, I am going straight to Heaven.
The Bible says, 'Judge not lest ye be judged.' Our lives are supposed to be hospitals, not courtrooms.
People think that if they read something in the newspaper or see it on TV, it has to be true.
I don't want my faith level to go up or down. And so I don't fear.
I talk to God every single day. And I say, 'God, my life is in your hands, and I trust you with me.'
I don't think God cares what you put in your body or on your body.
Every single day, I get up and I say, 'I am going to live and not die.'
I've been very ill. You just have to trust the Lord.
When you - when someone dies in your family and you think you're over it, and then you wake up in the morning and it hits you, 'I won't ever see my brother again. I won't ever see my mom again.' And it just kind of hits you like that.
I've been disappointed by so many movie stars that I've seen, and they go out and they don't do it up, you know. And they don't - I just get so disappointed.
