American,Journalist
I'm proud of my hard work. Working hard won't always lead to the exact things we desire. There are many things I've wanted that I haven't always gotten. But, I have a great satisfaction in the blessings from my mother and father, who instilled a great work ethic in me both personally and professionally.
I am grateful that as a reporter and as an anchor, people have allowed me to share their stories.
Every time a young girl comes in and asks me for advice, if you start your conversation with, 'How hard is it as a black woman,' or, 'How hard is it as a woman,' I turn you around. Because I cannot - we cannot look at the roadblocks and see the road at the same time.
One of my favorite memories was one time Prince picked me up and said we were going to Michael Jordan's birthday party.
I've been given an opportunity to make a difference.
We are presented with a unique situation in the black community in that we have embraced the beauty of hip hop, the real rawness of it, the real fun of it, but we also have to address the damage it has done. We have to look at what it's done to our black girls, especially when it comes to domestic violence.
We're not monolithic. What is blackness? To me, how do you define that?
I love edgy comedy. 'Coming to America' still gets me and 'Friday.' I watch old Richard Pryor stand-up on VHS, too.
I quite enjoy cooking. I love cooking for my friends. It's communal, it reminds me of being with family, and it's also a form of therapy; it heals you from the inside out.
I remember reading the cruelest, most awful thing about my hair online. A person speculated about who I was as a person and even read into my personal life based solely off my hairstyle. He or she said I must be lazy because I have short hair. It was just devastating.
I love Rihanna. She represents that strong, independent woman that you cannot keep down.
Someone - a man - advised me not to become a news anchor because my eyelashes were too long, and they would distract the viewers.
If someone says, 'I love that lipstick,' I will always try to answer, honestly, if I know what color it is. It's a connective tissue.
I love Chicago. I wouldn't be where I am now, and I certainly wouldn't have the confidence that I hope that I project, if I'd not lived in Chicago.
It's a tough town, it's a loving town, it's a supportive town, and that's why so many great news people, journalists have come through Chicago or are from Chicago.
I think when I first straightened my hair, I was a teenager. I don't believe that I was consciously doing it to look white or to be on television. It never crossed my mind. All of the girls in my neighborhood got perms and their hair straightened. But I know that historically it was to assimilate and there are some people who do it for that reason.
I'm about being honest and knowing that people are watching, and they want to know that I'm asking questions that they want the answers to.
Everything I ask is a question from Tamron, like it or not. My team does not write my questions. We put together a segment. We talk about the elements that I want, but we have a conversation for that hour with our guests.
When I came to MSNBC, its identity as the place for politics was growing.
My ability to not be afraid to ask tough questions or to confront, that matters.
I'm definitely a foodie.
I laugh about it all the time, but, for whatever reason, a lot of people think that I wear a wig. I get emails and tweets about people commenting on my hair being a wig. It's one of the strangest but most entertaining things I've read about myself online.
I met Bon Jovi on the way to Washington, D.C. I think I called him Jon Jovi. Ugghhhh. I just smiled and pretended it didn't happen. I love him and his wife; they're so sweet. I was very nervous.
I love Jidenna and Leon Bridges.
My dad was in the Army, so what was happening internationally and nationally was always important to my family.
The thread that has always connected my family was the news.
Trust me: I do hit the snooze button about 4 times.
The two things that I require for anyone who's around me: you need to love food, and you need to be able to laugh.
I was on morning TV for 10 years in Chicago.
I have three incredible nieces and a nephew who's going off to college. To hear them say they're proud of me left me in tears.
It's not my job to judge or assess. I think single, black, white, married - people are doing the best they can.
I was 7 years old, and I challenged everything. I never accepted answers on face value.
I take it seriously that it's a privilege and honor to be a role model to young girls, both black and white. It's not something I take lightly.
When I came to Philadelphia in the late '80s, it was going through a very difficult time.
I've not given up having a child. But I hope whatever route of parenthood I choose, whether it's adoption or I'm able to conceive, I just hope that I'm able to give someone as beautiful a life as my parents gave me.
I have an incredible phobia of divorce.
I date, don't get me wrong. I'm not up here filing my fingernails on a Friday night. I want to find someone to share my life with.
When I was a kid growing up, I always thought I would be a journalist, and I thought, you know, I'd cover stories about other people, and we're always taught never to make the story about yourself.
I mask every single day. I mask every morning - since I was 27 years old. I don't care the brand: it can be from the drugstore or high end. I can be walking my dog in the mask scaring children and people off, but it's my routine that I commit to every single day.
Women, teenagers, we have to really empower each other.
I've been engaged a couple times.
