American,Actress
Every human walks around with a certain kind of sadness. They may not wear it on their sleeves, but it's there if you look deep.
Humans have a light side and a dark side, and it's up to us to choose which way we're going to live our lives. Even if you start out on the dark side, it doesn't mean you have to continue your journey that way. You always have time to turn it around.
Once you're a mom, always a mom. It's like riding a bike, you never forget.
I don't harp on the negative because if you do, then there's no progression. There's no forward movement. You got to always look on the bright side of things, and we are in control. Like, you have control over the choices you make.
At the end of the day, I stand by who I am. I'm a good person.
A woman is gentle, soft, delicate, and a man's position is to protect her, help her up stairs, make sure she's in the car safely first. Take good care of your woman, and the sky's the limit!
I'm a creative person, so I have to stay busy.
I like to disappear in my roles because I don't have an assistant.
Love is the greatest gift that God has given us. It's free.
I'm always interested in challenging myself and pushing and seeing how far I can go.
Date a woman with children only if you are ready to man up, because it's a position that comes with responsibility.
When I come home, it's about my kid, who needs to eat, needs to do homework, and needs to get to basketball. I don't have a lot of time to think about me.
It's up to you to be responsible for how you feel if you're not happy. Your happiness lies in your hands. You can't rely on a man to make you happy or complete you. That starts with you.
I would love to play a superhero. I wish I could be in 'The Avengers,' kicking butt.
If I were to meet the most incredible man, and he just so happened to not make as much money as I do, I wouldn't hold it against him.
Something happens to a woman when she can't reproduce. I've not had to walk that path, but I can only imagine when your organs don't work and how that could make you feel.
I'm nothing without God.
Acting for me is very therapeutic. It's my shrink.
I'm not a selfish actor. I believe that it's a team effort. You're not in a scene by yourself.
I don't think a living being should suffer for the sake of fashion, period. End of story. You don't have to kill an animal just because you want to be hot and fly. And I really stand by that.
I'm always the cousin that can't make it to the family functions because I'm busy.
I don't care if you're a man, if you're a player: If God sends you that one and your heart is in it, you'll work it out.
I love children.
I love the art of acting, so I don't care if I'm in a movie with 10 people, two people, or by myself. I just really enjoy it.
I'm not interested in disposable music.
I prefer doing feature films.
