American,Author
Life is too short to be on a diet.
I never wanted a big wedding. I never wanted to wear a white dress or throw a bouquet.
My passion is capturing what it feels like to love, be it romantic or otherwise. I love to watch two people realize what they meant for each other - and that goes across all media, books, TV, movies, personal essays; everything.
I love being a writer so much that I almost can't believe that I am one.
I went to Acton-Boxborough Regional High School in Massachusetts and Emerson College in Boston.
I'd sing all day, every day, all the time if I thought it didn't sound like dying cats.
Sometimes you are strong, sometimes you are weak.
I came across 'The Song of Achilles' by Madeline Miller in one of the most romantic ways one can find a story. I was digging through a pile of used books at my local library when my hand gravitated toward its brilliant teal and glistening gold cover.
I've always thought that a good book should be either the entry point inward, to learn about yourself, or a door outward, to open you up to new worlds.
Writing for TV entails saying every dumb idea that comes into your head to a room of people. And doing so with the confidence that it doesn't make you look like an idiot.
As an author, I had spent years writing my stories on my own in a quiet room. My ideas traveled from my brain to my fingers, executed exactly as I saw fit, never veering from my own intent. TV simply doesn't work that way.
We often compare the experience of writing a book to that of playing God. It is up to us, and only us, to determine what happens to the people we invent. It is for us alone to determine what is good and bad, just and unjust, appropriate and inappropriate for the worlds we create. I love that about writing books.
I sense that by writing both books and television, I've become better at each.
I love reading books that can break my heart.
When my husband and I first got married, I was so shocked at my own level of joy that I was convinced it was all going to come crashing down.
Some days, I'll tell you that everything in life was meant to be and that there is an order to the universe. Other days, I'm convinced it's all a combination of luck and opportunity.
You don't realize how strong you are until you have to help someone else stand up.
I am methodical about my email inbox, and I always have a physical to-do list. Without those two things, I think I'd lose my mind.
You have to know your value, demand to be respected, speak your mind, and dare to ask for what you want. I struggle with every single one of these.
I am endlessly inspired by both the tenderness that can exist between two people and the excitement of falling in love. I'm very fortunate that I've been able to explore that in novels, a television show, some early development film projects, and essays about my own life.
When I was a kid, all I ever wanted was to be famous.
You can't write about an iconic Hollywood star of the sixties without bumping up against Elizabeth Taylor.
I was obsessed with Hollywood from the time I was a kid. I always knew I wanted to live in Los Angeles.
I worked in feature film casting right out of college and spent a lot of time working with actors, directors, and producers.
Think both big and small. Loving to bake doesn't only mean becoming a baker. It could mean starting a blog, becoming a food photographer, or going into organic chemistry.
Try everything with an open heart, looking to fall in love.
