American,Actress
I'm pretty, but I'm not, like, a 'pretty girl.'
My lyrics are my diary - you're hearing every detail of my life.
'Darkness' is a subjective word; it depends what your viewpoint is and how you live life.
I have my favourite black knife with me all the time. It's a switchblade. It relaxes me to flick it.
Generally, I like making my own mistakes and learning from them because that's what I think life is about.
You can wear anything as long as you put a nice pair of shoes with it.
I'm just living my life, and I'm not gonna live my life for other people.
I don't wanna be Courtney Love - I wanna be Kurt Cobain.
People misinterpret what I say all the time: They think I'm being offensive, when really, I'm only being opinionated.
I have a knife collection.
I mean yeah, your individual style is your impression to the world.
I'm completely neurotic, totally anxious and high-strung all the time.
My style's not for everyone - I'm an extremist.
I'm very unorganized.
I'd love to collaborate and write a song with Will Gallagher from Oasis. I think he's a great songwriter.
Yeah, I kind of grew up in front of the camera: I started modeling when I was two.
I'd call my music rock but with pop hooks.
I have such trust complexes. I'm close to, like, two people.
I try not to focus on fame; I don't even really know what it means exactly because it's so fleeting.
Switching the public's perception and view of me was, and still is, kind of a challenge to get them to see me outside of a character that I played on TV for so long.
I'm a giant Beatles fan.
I love British bands.
Boys are so much less mature than girls as it is.
I'm an artist; I'm not going to use trigonometry.
I love my mom and dad.
Maybe I didn't have the childhood people think you should have, but I still went through the ages; I was still a child.
I didn't watch a lot of TV growing up; I watched more films.
You can spend your whole life planning. But once you're ready, get out there and start doing it.
I've always wanted to make a record.
I'm a big fan of Die Antwoord, which is a different style than I normally listen to.
My mum's really short so she always wears really tall heels, and I used to steal them and now it's just a part of my everyday life.
The Beatles did everything first, and they did it the best.
I really enjoy English and poetry and writing classes.
I'm not interested in playing the field and all that stuff because frankly I'm not into frivolous relationships.
My legs are really long and that's cool apparently, but I'm totally klutzy. I mean, I'm like Bambi. I fall all over myself because I can't control my arms and my really long legs.
New York's home. It's everything I'd want it to be. It's the most inspiring city I've ever been to, and I haven't been everywhere in the world, but I've been to quite a few places.
You get more insight as you get older, on everything.
I kind of woke up one morning and was like, 'Oh I see what's happening, I get everything'. I woke up and was like, 'I get it, I'm a product.'
I'm not happy if I'm not making music; it's as simple as that. It's a need.
I can work 24 hours a day and not have it bother me.
I don't work with a stylist.
Edie Sedgwick had a cool style; she pushed the envelope for the time.
My thing about going to the gym is that I leave my bracelets on, and I put on my makeup the way I would do it in real life, and I wear cute clothes, because if I don't feel good when I leave the house, then I'm not motivated to do it. I need to like how I look while I'm doing it.
I don't eat any red meat.
I could hum Beatles songs before I could talk - not very well, but sort of.
I think Robert Plant is the quintessential frontman - just the way he moves. His voice is superhuman.
Like, when I write a song, the song comes first before production. Everything is written on an acoustic guitar so you can strip away everything from it and have it be equally as entertaining and good without the bells and whistles.
The goal as a musician, I think, is to be able to make music as a living for the rest of your life.
My goal isn't to shock.
