American,Musician
The government is so out of control. It is so bloated and infested with fraud and deceit and corruption and abuse of power.
Liberalism is assisting quality of life, whatever you may choose.
Every study on crime and or firearms proves time and time again, that 99.99999% of American gun owners do not commit crimes or use our firearms in any dangerous or improper way.
Where you have the most armed citizens in America, you have the lowest violent crime rate. Where you have the worst gun control, you have the highest crime rate.
There's an absolute surety to the hands-on conservation lifestyle of hunting, fishing and trapping where you know you're going to consume today.
Use your lives wisely, my friends, and conserve these precious freedoms for future generations.
I'm not in the leftist controlled Rock and Roll Hall of Fame because of my political views, primarily my lifelong militant support of the NRA, the Second Amendment, and my belief that the only good bad guy is a dead bad guy.
I hump the wild to take it all in, there is no bag limit on happiness.
Vegetarians are cool. All I eat are vegetarians - except for the occasional mountain lion steak.
It was psychobabbler Abraham Maslow who wrote of the phenomena of self-actualization. What Maslow failed to grasp is that reaching true self-actualization can only be ultimately achieved when you have your own brand of ammunition.
Do you want to feel good, or do you want to do good?
If you want to save a species, simply decide to eat it. Then it will be managed - like chickens, like turkeys, like deer, like Canadian geese.
There are hundreds of millions of gun owners in this country, and not one of them will have an accident today. The only misuse of guns comes in environments where there are drugs, alcohol, bad parents, and undisciplined children. Period.
I surround myself with positive, productive people of good will and decency.
I have self-actualized. Pardon me whilst I adjust my glowing halo.
Mankind: A quality of life upgrade is available to each and every one of you. It should give you a quality of life upgrade, which means no drugs, no alcohol, no fast food - unless, of course, it's a mallard.
At 62, I remain clean and sober and my ponytail remains erect.
There is no finer sonic-producing weapon for a guitar slayer than a hand crafter Gibson masterpiece.
I am the Great White Buffalo and I play an American-made Gibson guitar that can blow your head clean off at 100 paces.
Only criminals and bloodsuckers reward bad behavior.
I'm healthy, have a loving and adorable family, great hunting dogs, a gravity defying musical career and most importantly, fuzzy-headed idiots hate me.
The war is coming to the streets of America and if you are not keeping and bearing and practicing with your arms then you will be helpless and you will be the victim of evil.
The good news is that real-world hands-on conservation is alive and well and catching on across the America I travel.
I clearly understood the concept of wise use before I ever heard the actual words, for my father wouldn't allow us to waste anything.
Gibson has been making the finest electric guitars the world has ever witnessed for over 70 years. They are as American as God, guns and rock and roll.
Like all other law-abiding Americans, I fully support legal immigration.
