American,Director
You have a responsibility to make inclusion a daily thought, so we can get rid of the word 'inclusion.'
To me, there are saints every day. They stand up and help others and live for others and do things for others.
Family is just the people you care about. We can bond with people that we have nothing in common with, even if it's just for a moment.
We don't have parades for mathematicians, we have parades for astronauts. You don't think about all the thousands of people who worked on that capsule and crunched the numbers and were integral in getting that into space.
Change is incremental. Change is small.
Life is laughter.
The journey of making 'Hidden Figures' has shown me the automatic privilege that all white men are afforded in America in 2017 and in any and every year before that.
For me, as a feminist, as somebody who wants to lift up women - because I do; I come from a single mom who raised three boys on her own - I feel like, you close the door on women, you close the door on humanity.
You know what the truth is? You don't find Bill Murray. Bill Murray finds you.
NASA didn't give a crap what gender you were or what race you were. If you could do the math, you were valuable.
One thing that's nice about doing a movie about people that hardly anyone knows, you never worry if they're a perfect match.
Floyd Thompson, a white man, desegregated NASA. Period.
The fact is this: NASA was desegregated by a white male. NASA was not desegregated by a black male. NASA was not desegregated by white women.
As a director, you're open to any kind of criticism.
We're all humans. Any human can tell any human's story. I don't want to have this conversation about black film or white film anymore. I wanna have conversations about film.
We're very, very flawed, myself included.
I think if characters change too much, it's unrealistic; their whole fabric of who they are as a person doesn't just disappear.
My wife says I have happy delusions. I'm delusional that way. I just say, 'This is how it's got to be, and it's got to be.' I don't take no. I just don't like no. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. That's just how I am.
If you don't have comedy in a movie, you don't have a movie.
If you don't infuse humor into a subject matter, no matter how dark, the audience can't accept the message of a film. It closes them down. Humor can open them up.
By the time I got to 'St Vincent,' I had shot so many scenarios I was ready for anything - I've shot kangaroos, I've shot dogs, cats, crowds, fight scenes, stunts, comedy, drama, handheld, dolly, helicopter, crane - I just felt that there was nothing I was unprepared for.
I have a very strict philosophy that if you're not working out, you're getting fat.
I have to shoot and work out and play and discover all the time.
I think the commercial world is a lateral step from features. Some people see it as a step down, but I've never understood that.
A Sunday matinee is a good time for families to go to a movie.
I can't stand toe-to-toe with Bill Murray. It's very hard, because just looking at Bill - he's 6'3", and he just stares at you, and you have no idea what's going on inside that mind of his.
