American,Writer
Inner space is so much more interesting, because outer space is so empty.
Writing is a communication.
The first writing I did was short short stories for a newspaper syndicate for which I was paid five dollars a piece on publication.
As far as I'm concerned, I didn't dream - ever.
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
I learned how to live on five and sometimes ten dollars a week.
The story of my very first sale is the fact that I dreamed up a foolproof paper to cheat an insurance company out of several hundred thousand dollars.
Once I had all the facts in, I found I didn't have the immoral courage to pull the caper. So I wrote it as a story. As a teenager, I didn't have any skills for writing as such, so it came out in 1500 words.
I quit my job, and went ashore to become a writer.
I've always written very tightly, and there's a good reason for that. There's no point in using words that you're not going to apply.
It should consist of short, sharply focused sentences, each of which is a whole scene in itself.
There is no way of writing stories that I haven't done.
Science fiction, outside of poetry, is the only literary field which has no limits, no parameters whatsoever.
In science fiction, you can also test out your own realities.
Create a world in which these things do or do not exist, or in which they are extended in some way. Test reality against this fiction. The reader will recognize the world that you're talking about, even though it may be another one altogether.
There was so much that you could do, instead of looking for things that you couldn't do.
I wrote the very first stories in science fiction which dealt with homosexuality, The World Well Lost and Affair With a Green Monkey.
I sent The World Well Lost to one editor who rejected it on sight, and then wrote a letter to every other editor in the field warning them against the story, and urging them to reject it on sight without reading it.
There are a lot of people who write very intensely about things they do not and cannot do.
As far as hypnosis is concerned, I had a very serious problem when I was in my twenties. I encountered a man who later became the president of the American Society of Medical Hypnosis. He couldn't hypnotize me.
I feel angry that I can't be hypnotized. I'm not putting it down, and I'm not saying that it doesn't exist. I have talked to a great many people who are very good at it, but so far nobody has ever been able to hypnotize me.
I have lived most of my life with the conviction that I don't dream, because I never could retrieve a dream.
My wife is beginning to instruct me on means to retrieve dreams, and bit by bit, it does seem to be working.
I find to my mixed astonishment that I do dream, but I didn't know it.
For years, I thought I simply didn't dream. I felt left out. Everybody else had a thing I didn't have.
When I can't do something, this always impels me to study it.
