American,Musician
I try to reach out to my idols.
I feel most comfortable keeping versatile when it comes to music genres.
If my life were a song it'd be called 'Here I Am' because here I am - I mean, I'm Thia and I'm here to me me, I'm here to express myself musically which I find is the best way to express myself.
Singing is my passion and I always wanted to travel the country.
Feeling emotionally connected to a song, and accumulating every bit of the moment's energy to sing out to the audience is what I believe makes a great performer.
I want to put my vibe and my feel of music into an album and have people from different places around the world feel that and hear that.
Describing the person I am would best be through music. When I'm up on stage and I'm singing my heart out, I am always reminded of life's best things.
Once I'm on stage, the energy of the crowd wipes my nerves away.
The type of music that I love to sing would have to be more bluesy and jazzy and more soul-like 'cause I love to belt when it comes to singing, so I guess bigger songs are what I lean more towards.
I would love to meet Kelly Clarkson and if I get the chance to I would tell her thank you so much for the inspiration.
I have many musical inspirations, but I would really love to just be me. My very own artist.
I just like to think rather than talk. But I enjoy everyone's company.
Just knowing that through my music I actually inspire people is amazing for me and I find it very heartwarming.
I prefer to sing in the shower 'cause the acoustics are really, really good, I mean, when you're singing against the tile walls then you really hear yourself, hear your voice, you know, throwing itself back at you.
The best thing about being on tour is meeting the fans.
I get nervous every time, for every single performance, before getting up on that stage.
I am very excited about the future.
When I found out I was in the top 13 I was freaking out and crying it was such a joyous moment for me.
In the future, I see me as being my own artist and definitely not a ballad singer!
