American,Inventor
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
There is no substitute for hard work.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.
There's a way to do it better - find it.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around.
What you are will show in what you do.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
The value of an idea lies in the using of it.
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
There is far more opportunity than there is ability.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
Discontent is the first necessity of progress.
To have a great idea, have a lot of them.
