American,Politician
That's politics. After six o'clock, we can be friends, but before six, it's politics.
A good lesson in keeping your perspective is: Take your job seriously but don't take yourself seriously.
I have a statement on the Social Security. A lot of people approaching that age have either already retired on pensions or have made irreversible plans to retire very soon... I consider it a breach of faith to renege on that promise. It is a rotten thing to do.
I regard myself as a grand juror waiting to hear the evidence from the prosecutor, the Judiciary Committee. I'm diametrically opposed to Nixon and everything he stands for, but I want to see the evidence of high crimes and misdemeanors first.
It's easier to run for office than to run the office.
All politics is local.
I think the speaker of the House in Congress should be like the Massachusetts speaker: all-powerful. He should appoint committee chairmen and remove them if they stray from the party line. He should be answerable only to the caucus, which can remove him at any time. I'd throw the seniority system out on its ear in Congress.
You can teach an old dog new tricks, and this old dog wants to learn.
In 1977, when I became Speaker, I started meeting with TV reporters each morning when I arrived at work. Later in the morning, I would hold a news conference before the House opened. I always told the truth and almost never answered with 'no comment.'
You better take advantage of the good cigars. You don't get much else in that job.
I know the kind of street I'm going down. I know my own strengths and weaknesses.
I said in a speech out in Peoria that with Jerry in as vice president, the pressures on Nixon to resign would be unbearable. I know that Republicans see 50 House seats flying out the window in 1974.
You can't assume anything in politics. That's why every Saturday I walk around my district. I talk to the longshoremen in Charlestown. I listen to the people in East Boston and their concern on the airport noise. I walk down to the Star Market in Porter Square, and people tell me about meat prices.
With Ronald Reagan in the White House, somebody had to look out for those who were not so fortunate. That's where I came in.
The Reagan program is not working because the program is not fair - and, just as important, because the people themselves know it is not fair.
Let us forget the frustrations of the past and think of our unfulfilled potential.
I intend to be a strong Speaker. I hope to make some imaginative changes around here.
Anyone who comes into your office with an idea, and it may be the silliest idea in the world, listen to them and never ridicule them.
I certainly tried to make the House a more open and effective place, and I believe I succeeded.
When I became majority leader in Washington, I was interviewed constantly. I was always happy to talk to the press, but I drew the line at the Sunday morning talk shows on television. After a full work week consisting of long days and frequent late evenings, I insisted on keeping my weekends free for my family and friends.
Ninety-nine percent of the time, if you're straight with the press, they'll be straight with you.
To this day, I can't understand why the closest man to Jimmy Carter, the key staff guy at the White House, didn't even join us at the White House breakfast meetings where we discussed upcoming legislation with the president. This was unprecedented. People used to say that Jordan was the most brilliant guy around, but you couldn't prove it by me.
