American,Actor
But all actors go through the process, it's hit and miss, you have achievement and failure.
And there have certainly been movies I wanted to be in and milestones I wanted to surpass that did not happen.
The title of the movie is open to interpretation.
Their lives have been largely defined by failure and you would think the prospect of marriage, which is supposed to be bountiful and hopeful, it's just really another kind of tangential thing in his life.
I believe in singularity in relationships because you've got to have trust on both sides.
I would say 95% of the time, because you just can't remember your lines if you're drinking alcohol. I would say about 95% of the time it was grape juice or this fake wine, which was horrible.
But I think once the word gets out that the movie is funny - funny is transcendent - it will traverse all demographic barriers if people embrace it as a funny movie.
It's one of those scenarios where no, I never imagined that I'd be directed in a love scene - not even a love scene because it's kind of a hard-core sex scene because it's kind of just purely played for this carnal venting.
I certainly was an actor and then I drifted more towards writing and directing.
I kind of have a rededication in my life now to acting because I'm very fond of being in this movie.
I like to keep my private stuff pretty vague.
But I'm a citizen of Texas and try to spend most of my time there.
But to this day I am convinced that the real reason we met was because Alexander is from Nebraska, and he was completely fascinated that I was about to go off and make a movie with Brando - perhaps the most famous Nebraskan of all.
He was using me. When he cast me in Sideways I was nothing but a vessel.
To some extent I could identify with that because I kind of just made my money and got out.
Between Clive Owen winning at the Golden Globes and the British Academy announcing its nominations, of which Sideways received only one, I'm feeling pretty humbled these days.
I invested, and I protected myself, so I enjoy that freedom.
But at the same time, if the right thing came along, I would do it in a second.
I'm not so proud to think that anything is unworthy, and I don't think I was that way 10 years ago.
I love going to the feed store and drinking coffee and talking about how much rain we need.
I love knowing that I'm not better than any other person on the planet.
Last summer when we were preparing for the movie, I actually kind of wanted to stay fairly uninformed about it. As we went through the process that we do in the movie, I wanted to be a little wide-eyed.
Children from like 8 and even up to the college age - Spider-Man appeals to a fairly broad demographic but, like I said, a mean age probably of 12 is a good mark - they process information so quickly and it's not because of attention deficit or short attention span.
When I moved to L.A. in 1989, the very first thing I did was this horrific pilot called To Protect And Surf.
I made a comfortable living for several years. I invested, and I protected myself, so I enjoy that freedom.
But I certainly know a lot of people that existed at that level and are always kind of pining for more, always thinking that the next big break, the next opportunity, the big role are just around the corner of the next audition.
