American,Designer
When people have too many choices, they make bad choices.
Since Brooks Brothers is a 189-year-old company, there are plenty of references and inspirations I can draw from their archives and catalogs. The wearer of Black Fleece may not be all that different from mine, in that I imagine that it would be someone who is a true individual, and independent thinker. This is for both men and women.
I think good tailoring and something that's well-made never gets boring or tiring.
Nothing is worse than a home that is too perfect and done. You have to live in it.
I love the idea of things being strict and things being uniform. That's the reason why I surround each collection with humor or irony. I want to make sure that it's not too serious and that there is some element that throws it off because otherwise that would make it really boring. There's always a story that's somewhat fantastical.
Some people think that my shows are just for shock value, but the provocation makes those classic pieces look different every six months. You don't need to see the same gray suit every season. But surrounding it with 40 really interesting ideas makes it feel new.
My dad was an attorney. The last thing he ever thought about was clothes, and yet somehow he always looked good.
I was asked to design the tuxedo for Mr. Peanut. They're rebranding him. That was probably the most interesting request. I didn't spend a long time considering it.
I do love the provocative side of my collection, but I also like the classics - the simpler skirts and the sweater sets and the shirtdresses. And I always love to see girls in jackets and trousers.
I come from a family of bankers and lawyers, and they joked that they can't believe I'm the one that gets to go to the White House.
I like the idea of men's tailoring on girls. It's very strong and sexy in a non-overt way.
Some people, when they see my shows, leave saying, 'Who would wear that?'
I want to put concepts in front of people that make them laugh or smile or even hate what I do. I'm not interested in just putting clothes in stores.
I think guys don't always realize that clothing that fits is actually more comfortable than clothing that doesn't fit. I think guys do sometimes wear clothing that is too big.
I think pattern makers are some of the most underrated, undervalued people in fashion. They're the people who are sometimes the geniuses in designing clothing.
As a designer, I think you just have to make sure you know what you want and stay true to it. You need to have conviction and really just want to make people think in regards to doing interesting things.
I think my collection is doing really well, but collaborating is actually just a nice exercise in doing something different. For example, I do things very differently for Moncler that I wouldn't specifically do for me. For me, I can do whatever I want. With other companies, you have to stay responsible to them.
I feel like jeans and a T-shirt have become Establishment. Everyone's dressed down. So actually, putting on a jacket is the anti-Establishment stance.
If you saw me every day, you would actually think I am wearing the exact same gray suit.
I always like playing with some sort of typical convention or idea and turning it over.
Nothing should be perfect. I think that's the most important thing. I do wear my jackets almost exaggeratedly short. So that's probably the most mussed up. Along with, you know, not ironing my shirt.
Every collaboration I do, I feel like I've benefitted in so many different ways; it all depends on the organization. With Moncler, there is such a heritage to the brand and to the way that they work. With Brooks Brothers, in the same way, having the heritage to draw from in that collaboration is invaluable.
I act every day of my life.
My uniform: grey suit, white shirt, grey tie and tie bar, grey cardigan and black wingtips.
It is so important to be really true to yourself in design, and I am.
Doing womenswear is challenging, and it's exciting. I approach it the same way as I approach menswear, so it's in a tailored way, and I do my thing. I love doing it.
