American,Composer
There's nothing like desperation to sharpen your sense of focus.
Part of me wants to stay hidden; it's no coincidence that I write movie music. It lets me stay in the shadows, in a way, but still lets me be expressive.
Post-production is kind of the death of hope. The money has been spent. The grand ideas are either there or they're not there. So music oftentimes has to compensate if there are issues, or it has to stay out of the way if the movie is working really well.
In 'Saving Mr. Banks,' the challenge was just transitions. Time transitions from 1961 to 1906; how do you follow a character in one environment to another? And sometimes these transitions were quick, so how do you do that?
If you fail, fail fast enough so you can regroup and do it better.
'Sugarcoat the Galaxy' is inspired by color-inflected photographs of galaxies. It likens sounds to spun sugar and confection, wrapping static harmonies inside energy and pace.
'The Starship Avalon' is perpetually mobile. The music is designed to give the impression of endless sleep and endless journey with a significant interruption that guides the story that follows. It's color and pulse followed by great size.
The rare opportunity of writing music for a movie about the making of 'Mary Poppins' was impossible to ignore. The fact that it could provide emotional content in relief of the struggles that the Sherman brothers and Walt Disney endured was reason enough to take on the challenge.
I had ideas. A lot were good, but in many ways, I had no idea or experience about how to carry them out.
When you see an early edited version, you're not sure what it is. The movie is getting on its wobbly legs.
I realized so much of my life hasn't been in a well-lit room, and I realized the importance of documenting my experiences as a way to memorialize them.
It's a practical matter. If you're useful to others, you'll be hired.
There were certain things in 'Nemo' - just this low hum of ocean and watery sound - that was enough to imply water, as opposed to restating it over and over again.
In animation, action is changing so quickly that there's really not a lot of suspended moments.
In live action, sometimes a mood or a feeling can go on for quite a while. Animation is a lot more effort. There are a lot more notes.
The experience of a film is immersive, and music is supposed to underline and help that experience.
After the music that had been created by my family, I thought there was no way I could stack up.
You want to say as little as you can and get the most punch out of it, always with the knowledge that people are not in the theater to listen to your music so much as to respond to the movie. You're a part of that experience.
I didn't listen to any of my dad's scores.
I just want my music to involve an audience in what's taking place onscreen.
The golden age of Hollywood was the conceit of the movie and the style of the movie.
For me, like anyone, you want to go into a movie and have an enjoyable time where you're just involved.
Music is such an odd thing when you think about it - behind an image until you take it away, and then you realize a movie sounds blank without it.
I know what my taste is, and I do like my touch on the piano.
There was no saying I could ever step in and do what John does, because it'd be really hard to be John Williams.
Losing makes you strong.
Sometimes the best experiences are when I know nothing about this movie: I've never met the director, and I come and see something and I'm blank, because then it's coming at you in a way it would never come at you if you'd read the script, with an expectation.
I guess there are certain conventions that come with film and with scoring film. So maybe one of those is menace in a lower register. It's trying to evoke some sense of chaos and adventure.
I think as storytelling has changed, you know, it's kind of turned into kind of hyper-reality movies.
My father's Alfred Newman - born in 1900, child prodigy at the piano, ended up in pit orchestras in the teens. I think he's one of the youngest conductors to conduct Broadway and worked with George Gershwin and Jerome Kern and Cole Porter - went out with Irvin Berlin in 1930 to Hollywood and never left.
My uncle Lionel ended up being a bug guy at 20th Century Fox, which my father had been - and, of course, my cousin Randy - you know, one of the great American songwriters. It was a storied family and, in many ways, very tough to emerge from.
