American,Architect
There is no modern prototype for a campus. You have to have a completely different model which has to do with transparency and exposing social connectivity and breaking down the Balkanization that happens departmentally.
I have a preference for rough architecture, real, inexpensive, unfinished.
But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.
Descriptions of my work depress me. They make me feel pinned down.
For me the meaning of my work is much more fluid.
I've been such an outsider my whole life.
The multiplicity of ideas is what I'm interested in.
Architecture is a result of a process of asking questions and testing them and re-interrogating and changing in a repetitive way.
Architecture is involved with the world, but at the same time it has a certain autonomy. This autonomy cannot be explained in terms of traditional logic because the most interesting parts of the work are non-verbal. They operate within the terms of the work, like any art.
Do I provoke as a method of investigation? Of course. That's the essence of architecture. Do I do it with gusto? I do.
I fought violently for the autonomy of architecture. It's a very passive, weak profession where people deliver a service. You want a blue door, you get a blue door. You want it to look neo-Spanish, you get neo-Spanish. Architecture with any authenticity represents resistance. Resistance is a good thing.
I think all good architecture should challenge you, make you start asking questions. You don't have to understand it. You may not like it. That's OK.
I've grown up a little bit. I understand the importance of the negotiation. It is a collective act.
I've always been interested in an architecture of resistance - architecture that has some power over the way we live. Working under adversarial conditions could be seen as a plus because you're offering alternatives. Still, there are situations that make you ask the questions: 'Do I want to be a part of this?'
Find a place that you are comfortable with. Don't be afraid to make mistakes. Make a lot of mistakes.
Our idea of nature is increasingly being determined by scientific developments. And they have become decisive for our image of reality.
Scientific reality is the modern human condition, and you can see that in the symbolic nature of my work.
The huge problem in our society is the enormous ignorance of the ideas that underlie modern art.
So we can't go backwards, we can only go where the evolutionary trajectory is taking us and attune our ideas about ourselves and our existence to that course.
We only exist in terms of how we think we exist. Meaning every cultural development is fabricated and can be fabricated.
So at a time in which the media give the public everything it wants and desires, maybe art should adopt a much more aggressive attitude towards the public. I myself am very much inclined to take this position.
I've learned that in order to achieve what I wanted, it made more sense to negotiate than to defend the autonomy of my work by pounding my fist on the table.
Large-scale public projects require the agreement of large numbers of people.
It's too simplistic to advance the notion of the autonomy of art as a reason for turning away from the public. You can have autonomy and simultaneously have connections with the social and political world.
So I am totally aware that when I defend the autonomy of art I'm going counter to my own development. It's more an instinctive reaction, meant to protect the private aspect of the work, the part I am most interested in and which nowadays is at risk in our culture.
I'm often called an old-fashioned modernist. But the modernists had the absurd idea that architecture could heal the world. That's impossible. And today nobody expects architects to have these grand visions any more.
