American,Clergyman
The book of Revelation says that we no longer need the sun or the moon, for Christ is the light of the world.
You have to take Bible prophecy literally, just like everything else in the Bible.
People recognize something's going to happen, and they'd better get ready.
I came to the conclusion that I am not a fiction writer.
I've written many nonfiction books, but that's a special gift.
But then one day the Lord put us together through our agent and it's been a wonderful match.
If you could see the instructions that I gave Jerry to begin with, I'd be embarrassed.
One of the comments that we've heard that has really blessed us is people have been driven back to the book of Revelation to prove us wrong only to find that what we said was there.
When I gave my life to the Lord, I thought I'd be a preacher.
About 40 years ago I had an experience where I wrote a tract.
After I'd preached a message on Sunday night, I'd print it up.
All people, even secular people, are seeing books on the market like The End of History.
I think it's Jerry's masterful fiction writing.
I think God has chosen to use this as a tool.
I'm currently working on a Mind Siege for youth.
And part of my vision is to do dynamic videos for kids.
There were times I didn't think we would ever make it, even when we were cranking two out a year.
Jerry and I hoped that it would be a popular bestseller.
Yes, in fact, it's hard to believe this, but it was almost 18 years ago when I first got the idea.
New fiction writers are a special breed in my estimation, and I never dreamed that so many people would be interested, but I remember being led by God.
And then I met Jerry and he's such a creative fiction writer, and I don't know if there's ever been a team put together the way we are - where one person does the theological way out and suggestions, and the other person goes into the cave and does the fiction writing.
Yeah, I have been because, generally speaking, to we Biblical literalists, the media is very hostile.
When you allegorize, you're gonna get everybody saved somehow.
But when you take the Bible literally, for what it says, you have to come back to the fact that there is only one way of salvation; there's only one Savior.
If Jesus is the Son of God in human flesh, He's one of a kind of the 13 billions of people who have ever lived.
It's the lie of evolution that all man are just evolved and that they're all equal, and that all creatures are equal.
