American,Actor
I don't view myself as a political leftie. I view myself as a storyteller who is fair to both sides.
I think the enemy is self-censorship. In a free society the biggest danger is that you're afraid to the point where you censor yourself.
Susan is just great. I know I'm biased, but she's a great actress.
Americans accept that gangsters are running the government.
I learned never to listen to acting teachers because they don't know what the hell they're talking about.
You get money out of acting. You get gray hair out of directing. Actually, I get more of a rush from directing.
American people are not evil. Given information, they will do the right thing. But they're not given the information.
I learned much more about acting from philosophy courses, psychology courses, history and anthropology than I ever learned in acting class.
Every man dies. Not every man lives.
I love iconoclasts. I love individuals. I love people that are true to themselves, whatever the cost.
I'm the kind of person who does not remember bad things.
I'm fairly competant as a director and actor, but I am Mr. Neurotic as a writer. I just don't have enough confidence in my abilities to take criticism well. I take it personally. Start with 'It's a masterpiece,' and then tell me what you think could be changed.
My philosophy is, don't take no for an answer and be willing to sacrifice your entire project for freedom.
I'm six foot four and a half and I have a temper. It's reserved for very important issues. If someone is asking me to make an artistic concession, then I'll become a madman.
If I'm a commodity, it wouldn't be a wise idea to buy stock in me - although, in the long run, maybe I'm a slow growth investment.
Bush is very clever. When the debate should have been about the deterioration of our cities and the lack of action by government, he sent in his idiot to make an outrageous statement about Murphy Brown.
Altman was told they wouldn't do the film with me. He could easily have abandoned me, but he stood by me and really bailed me out.
Any time you're trying to do a movie with a happy ending, it's very difficult because it's been done before and you don't want to be manipulative.
Considering the fact that I've used it in the past, and know what it is, and seen the results of it, I don't view marijuana as a dangerous drug.
Directing is creating a whole. You're able to combine different elements and create a film that is unique and true to your vision.
I couldn't care less about being a presenter at the Oscars.
I don't care about Clinton's haircuts or his affairs or any of that stuff.
I don't know if I ever really bought into the eternal damnation bit.
I don't think people have been able to deal with the fact that African American filmmakers can make movies about life and relationships.
I have personal beliefs and they are sometimes reflected in the movies I make, but I also reflect other points of view.
I like Spike Lee a lot. He's incredibly gifted and I don't think he gets the credit he deserves as a filmmaker.
When you have a person in power who punishes people for speaking their mind, it's truly dangerous.
When you make the judgement as a network that there are only three candidates, you are censoring points of view.
You had to know how to fight or you had to know how to avoid a fight. I didn't enjoy fighting, so I learned how to avoid them.
