American,Actor
Thank God for acupuncture. It's been around for 2000 years. It's not going anyplace and people use it all of the time for a variety of cures and to avoid illnesses.
I love getting on the subway because you get on the car, and you see the entire human race represented in any given subway car.
For people like me, who have blocked out a chunk of their past, you wonder - if you open that door, if you walk into that room of your memories, what will happen? Will it destroy you or will it make you stronger?
Eastern medicine is not about curing your sickness. It's about keeping you well.
I've always felt if my nose were more crooked, critics would focus more on my acting.
I love exploring the relationship between fathers and daughters. I think that's a special thing, especially with daughters who are dealing with being adults.
I've had - I don't really know how to describe them, except moments of 'extrasensory perception' of some sort. I've also had sort of a 'white light' moment.
'Wings' was a blessing, but it was also very difficult. Whenever you do situation comedy, no matter how excellent the execution - and we had a great cast and great writers - but the format is somewhat limited.
No one's banging down my door. People see the way I look, and they don't feel threatened, but they should watch out for me. They don't know there's a steel rod that drives me. I get ticked off, and the rage just gets me going. My motor is anger.
What can I say: I got started on the whole wife-and-kids thing at a young age.
Well, I have a farm in Vermont that's my main residence, where I do lots of digging and mowing, and ride tractors - just so you don't get the wrong idea that I'm too girlie!
Well, I've seen a bunch of acupuncturists and one of my sister-in-laws is an herbalist. So I know a lot about alternative medicine. I don't know a lot about the practice but I know about the world.
I have this burgeoning reputation for playing a scumbag.
It's an actor's job to play all the human conditions - light, dark, and medium.
It's become a cliche to think of marriage as a disaster area and a war zone.
The creative tension with spirituality vs. practicality in the world of politics is a vital conversation.
I was 9 years old, and this was - well, whenever it was, they paid a thousand bucks. I thought I was going to be rich forever! But I had no thought I would be an actor at that point.
I never had the desire to get in front of the camera. It never occurred to me! I always thought I'd be a theater actor.
I didn't dream of being in television or film. But then I got married pretty young and had children, and I wanted to feed the children, so I worked a lot of film and television.
I am a member of the human race. There's a certain irony about the cyberworld. You don't know who is talking to you, if it's a machine, so I tend to try to reach out to those fellow humans.
I appreciate all the devices the Windows people are coming up with, but the operating system... I just want to smash it.
What can I say: I got started on the whole wife-and-kids thing at a young age. I had my kids while I was in utero.
I have a farm in Vermont; that's my main residence, where I do lots of digging and mowing, and ride tractors - just so you don't get the wrong idea that I'm too girlie!
I just can't stand the fact that they're going out on their own - I love having my kids around, and I'm angry at them for going out and becoming independent. I want to tuck them in and drive them to school in the morning, but they just won't let me do that anymore.
People are human beings. They talk about stuff, they make mistakes, they try to impress each other with their tidbits.
I had so much fun on 'The Mindy Project.'
I have no illusions of being the big box office draw. But I would like to have some choices.
I never have thought of myself as a brand. I've thought of myself as an artist.
My public Facebook page is what it is. My Twitter account is sort of what it is, but if I'm totally honest with you, that is not my personal, private self. I have another Facebook page that is devoted to my dear friends and family, and they can keep in touch with me that way.
Twitter, just every once in a while I put something out there basically to promote whatever I'm doing, but I don't see any of that as representing me or who I am or being a brand.
There are two jobs. There is being an actor, and there is being a celebrity. Some people are really good at both. Some people are really good celebrities and terrible actors, and some people are really good actors and terrible celebrities. Hopefully, I am a really good actor and an OK celebrity.
I realized that my grandfather walked with Martin Luther King forty years ago. That was his dream. And in his little way, he helped us get closer to where we are today.
