American,Businessman
You can focus on things that are barriers or you can focus on scaling the wall or redefining the problem.
Life is fragile. We're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got.
Let your joy be in your journey - not in some distant goal.
We're very simple people at Apple. We focus on making the world's best products and enriching people's lives.
To whom much is given, much is expected. I do believe this. It's embedded in me.
You can only do so many things great, and you should cast aside everything else.
Our whole role in life is to give you something you didn't know you wanted. And then once you get it, you can't imagine your life without it. And you can count on Apple doing that.
Anything can change, because the smartphone revolution is still in the early stages.
I've always hated litigation, and I continue to hate it.
Price is rarely the most important thing. A cheap product might sell some units. Somebody gets it home and they feel great when they pay the money, but then they get it home and use it and the joy is gone.
Companies that get confused, that think their goal is revenue or stock price or something. You have to focus on the things that lead to those.
The worst thing in the world that can happen to you if you're an engineer that has given his life to something is for someone to rip it off and put their name to it.
I think two people with strong points of view can appreciate each other even more.
You know, this iPhone, as a matter of fact, the engine in here is made in America. And not only are the engines in here made in America, but engines are made in America and are exported. The glass on this phone is made in Kentucky. And so we've been working for years on doing more and more in the United States.
I learned that focus is key. Not just in your running a company, but in your personal life as well.
We have to make sure, at Apple, that we stay true to focus, laser focus - we know we can only do great things a few times, only on a few products.
I love museums but I don't want to live in one.
From an app point of view, if you looked at innovation on the PC, you'd be hard pressed to find companies innovating. The list is small.
The reality is, is that we love competition, at Apple. We think it makes us all better. But we want people to invent their own stuff.
In my view the tablet and the PC are different. You can do things with the tablet if you are not encumbered by the legacy of the PC.
I am who I am, and I'm focused on that, and being a great CEO of Apple.
Apple has a culture of excellence that is, I think, so unique and so special. I'm not going to witness or permit the change of it.
I don't think Apple has to own a content business.
You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user.
I don't really think anything Microsoft does puts pressure on Apple.
Apple doesn't do hobbies as a general rule.
