American,Athlete
I enjoy jokes, smiling, and making people smile. I may be a little different, but that's OK, who wants to be normal anyway?
I'm surrounded by nothing but great people. I've been blessed with that, so really, I've got no choice but to be an all-around good person.
The time when there is no one there to feel sorry for you or to cheer for you is when a player is made.
At this point, if I were to psychoanalyze myself, I'd have to say I am a clown, cleverly disguised as a regular person.
In all seriousness, it really should be difficult for me to be too strange. After all, a great family raised me.
I had great friends, support and teaching at Wake Forest.
I have always liked knives. Then somebody gave me one. Then somebody gave me another one. Then I liked having them and started buying them. I started finding ones I liked, ones with funky blades.
When you have to stop and think about things is when they go wrong.
I'm not better when I force shots. I'm going to take them as they come. They are really sagging in there, trying to take me out of the game. It's my job to find guys. I want to be aggressive and take my shots, but I can't force them.
I have the loving support of my girlfriend who still attends Wake Forest and is nearing graduation. She helps me cope with the everyday rigors of being an NBA player.
I just wanted to win on the road, honestly. I don't remember the road ever being this tough.
I'm an idiot.
I'm just going to play whatever game is in front of me.
I'm not serious most of the time.
If he wants to fight, we can fight. I don't have any problem with him, but we can do it if he wants to.
When our assists lead to baskets, that's us playing our best, and we begin knocking down shots.
I'm not going anywhere. You can print that wherever you want to. I'm here and I'm a Spur for life.
The only nickname I've ever had is Merlin, like the magician. I don't know why.
Charles Barkley taught me a lot when I played against him. How he would use his body or use his dribble to get people in there and all that stuff.
I like R&B. I listen to music, not singers.
I'm not really a flashy guy anywhere else - I don't dress flashy or anything else - but I like to keep my cars nice, and I like to customize them. I can do things a little flashier and a little faster, and with a little bit more thought. This is kind of the release part of basketball.
I didn't have my first car until after the end of my senior year. I got a Yukon Sport.
If I have my kids, I drive something with four doors. If I don't have my kids, I can drive whatever I want.
Like every other car guy, I've watched 'The Fast and the Furious,' and I want to go out and race and drift and all the crazy stuff. Another one of my favorites is 'Cobra.' That's where I got my love for the Merc, where he had the one that had the license plate that said 'AWSOM 50.'
