American,Athlete
I don't complain when it's sunny.
Today, I am blessed to be living a dream. And yet, if it all went away tomorrow, I know I would still have peace.
Winning is fun, but those moments that you can touch someone's life in a very positive way are better.
As soon as things get serious in front of the goal, I don't have any twitches... It's probably because at that moment, my concentration on the game is stronger than the Tourette syndrome.
I think I have some ideas on coaching, but listen, coaches work harder than players. The hours they put in, the headaches that they have. That's the one thing I've never liked about coaching. They have all the emotion, passion and preparation without actually getting to be able to dictate what happens.
Every old goalkeeper loses a step at some point, but you can gain that back through experience.
In the end, very little gets in the way of what Manchester United wants to do.
Pressure can be good. It helps you to see what you're all about.
Sure, I like ice cream, but when you keep a healthy lifestyle, it's: Do you prefer sweets and crappy food, or do you prefer to have a nice body? It depends on what you want more.
I grew up a Michael Jordan fan; that was my first idol. But my true sports idol was Deion Sanders: he was the person I always wanted to be. I wanted to play two sports professionally, which would never happen, but to me, that was every kid's dream.
When you play against top players, sometimes you can play - you can play your utmost and you still get beat.
I've made plenty of mistakes as a keeper, that's for sure. I'll make plenty more before I'm through.
I've been fortunate enough to be headstrong, to be full of self-belief, and those things have never wavered for me.
If I woke up and didn't have Tourette's syndrome, it would feel weird - not better or worse, just different.
I wasn't a troublemaker. I wasn't impertinent. The teachers liked me. But year after year, the comments on my report cards basically came down to a single point, and it was 100% accurate: I seemed to get nothing whatsoever out of all those long hours spent in the classroom.
The most important thing in my life is Christ. He's more important than winning or losing or whether I'm playing or not. Everything else is just a bonus.
I enjoy being a role model for kids.
You get 15 minutes of fame, I hear, and I've had 14 minutes. The clock's ticking.
When I see someone wearing fur, I just want to sit them down in front of one of PETA's videos and show them just how badly animals suffer for this supposed fabric that no one needs.
My mom broke the mold. She put my brother and I first, always, and worked her fingers to the bone trying to provide for us. She taught us right from wrong and gave us very strong morals and values and belief in family, things that have stayed with me.
Three mornings a week, I exercise before eating - it's called 'fasted cardio' - to burn fat.
When you're not needed somewhere, it never feels great.
I wanted to be a soccer player; I wanted to do it at the highest level.
There is no privacy in our culture anymore, so I have to try and carve that out for myself, but I'm OK with it.
I'm an old dog; I don't get too excited. I don't get caught up in all the mass hysteria.
I don't sign autographs when I'm out for a meal or out with my kids. I think that's rude and disrespectful. I would never ask anyone for an autograph while they were eating dinner; that's what I was taught by my parents.
I try not to and I don't think I ever have just jumped at any opportunity because a company wanted me. Just because there was money on the table doesn't mean that I took it.
Good keepers sniff out attacks whether with the feet or a throw out.
I like to get more than my normal 10 hours of sleep nights before a game.
I try and tell all the kids that I meet that hope to be amazing one day and be a professional athlete or a doctor or a lawyer or whatever they want to be. I tell them they can do all that because Tourette's won't stop them.
I had the offer to write books plenty of times during the early stage of my career, and I always kind of just pushed back because it wasn't the right time.
Confidence is on one side of the line, and self-belief is on another. People all think those are mixed up.
You want to be wanted, and you want people to rely on you.
Right now, as I've gotten older, my tics sustain for five or ten years. So, I can deal with them on a daily basis; I know how it affects my body. But when you're 10 years old, and every three months a tic comes along, it's daunting because you don't know what the next one is going to look like, what it's going to feel like.
I think part of being in the public eye is getting recognized and dealing with positive and negative scrutiny.
I don't really get too high or too low. I think when you have a big tournament, that's the important thing: managing emotion.
I'm on television, ticcing and twitching. I think that's kind of cool.
I don't feel the need to be seen, to be glorified in any way.
I was a pretty popular kid, and I participated in every sport.
If you told me to sit in a room, and you had a million dollars cash stacked right there and said, 'Don't move, don't twitch, don't do anything,' without a doubt, the million dollars would be mine.
If Jurgen Klinsmann thinks that the best way for his team to be successful is if his young players go to Europe, there is nobody in the world who can argue with that. That is his opinion, whether you agree with it or not.
I think you hope, throughout the course of your career, if you do things right often enough, you might get a moment in time that you can do something special.
I don't get a lot of time with my children. My time is precious, and time with my two kids is like gold dust to me. I can't get that time back.
When I was 11, I developed a new symptom - the worst one yet: I had to touch people before I talked to them. When I say 'had to,' that's exactly what I mean: if I didn't touch them first, I literally couldn't form the words.
OCD is an anxiety disorder, one that brings conscious intrusive thoughts and compulsions - 'Touch the bannister. Pick up that rock. You'd better do it, or something terrible will happen.'
Sometimes it's even hard to tell the difference between a tic and a compulsion. But while tics stem from an urge in a specific part of the body - either completely unconsciously or through a premonitory sensation that's satisfied only by the tic - OCD bubbles up as conscious thoughts in the mind.
I'll be on a beach somewhere when I'm 40.
I think there's a lot of things that need fixing at Manchester United apart from David Moyes, but in this business, you also realize the head coach is always going to be the first to go, unfortunately.
I knew I wasn't going to play for the NBA.
It's easy to just go out and buy a $200 piece of clothing. The real challenge is finding it for half that.
Sometimes you just give everything you have, and you do your absolute best, and it doesn't stack up.
