American,Actor
When I was in college in Philly, there was a lot of post-punks... hardcore... like, rock. Sixties, retro, proto-Strokes kind of bands.
My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical.
Online piracy needs to be dealt with itself, because people are just wholesale stealing people's work and not paying for it. It's very hard to figure out a way to fix it.
There is nothing funny about a well-adjusted, intelligent person making the right choices.
Nothing impresses the ladies like a clean, pressed pair of khakis and a large pattern shirt featuring either classic cars, mojitos or men playing golf.
There's a generation of people I think without a strong connection to family, to religion, to civic duty. They have a real disassociation from the problems of the world.
I'm a little bit of an amateur political junkie.
When I was a kid I went to Catholic school, and they used to drag us out to pro-life rallies and stuff full of crazy people.
I'm very wary of doing political stuff for a lot of reasons. One of the big ones is that the shelf-life for them is not very long, and the joke becomes old news very quickly.
In a crazy world where he would get nominated, I'd like to see Obama run against Herman Cain. That would be fantastic. If Herman Cain became president, there'd be a certain sort of morbid curiosity for me.
I don't really know, I was thinking about that the other day that there aren't a lot of younger up and comers that I'm that interested in, in the comedy world. Everyone seems to be trying to play it safe.
Sometimes laughing isn't the best judge of what's funny, 'cause I think there's a lot of things that are really funny that don't make you laugh, that don't make you physically, audibly make a noise, but is something that is much more powerful than that.
Everyone's heard the same joke a million times and knows the setups. They are tired of the mass-marketed entertainment served on the networks.
There are a lot of young, well-educated, artistic people out there that like to be entertained.
Abbott and Costello were huge for me as a very young person.
I don't have a big hang-up about my body.
Back in high school, there was something fun and dangerous about inhabiting a different personality.
I'm always in situations where you can't be funny, and yet I want to do it anyway.
I think the great sketch shows, like 'Python' and 'Mr. Show,' they didn't stick around for very long. There's something kind of cool about that.
I'll go to see movies, but I also love being at home on my couch and pausing every 10 minutes to pee.
The scariest thing about screening a comedy... if you screen a drama, you know, there's no real way to tell in real time if people are enjoying it or not. But in a comedy, it's like, if people aren't laughing, it's sort of scary.
I think there's a fine, healthy tradition of, you know, the people on the fringes satirizing the process of Hollywood.
In the world of 'Tim and Eric,' everything is big and ridiculous and absurd.
Well, I love Bob Dylan, let's make that clear. He's one of my musical heroes.
I want people to think about movies and how we watch them. Let them know it's okay to question the structure or how we're sometimes duped into a false sense of normalcy. Most of all, I want people to question the old standard practices of, 'This is how the structure of something should work,' or, 'This is how a character must behave.'
Nobody hates hipsters more than hipsters.
