American,Musician
I don't repeat myself and I don't look back because everything is hard work and the only way forward is to continue to be creative.
The same people who smile in my face would be the same ones to talk behind my back.
I'm a grown man. I ain't got time for all that 'you say, she say.'
I'm definitely a risk-taker with my music.
My style is to take something unexpected and make it into a hit. That's what I do.
I don't know nothing about no jungle and bass.
My first love is producing.
When I first met Aaliyah - it time for the world to hear this, I'm gonna give a little secret - I was in love with her.
It's probably hard to be married to me. It's not easy.
I'm weird, I do crazy things, it's not like the average norm.
I'm a musical genius.
I'm trying to do something real different; I'm trying to bring the street to real pop. I'm trying to bring the street to pop. Not watering it down, no nothing.
I consider myself a composer.
I listen to a lot of alternative types of music: I listen to a lot of Chinese music, I listen to a lot of Asian music. It might surprise you, but I listen to a lot of Arabic music. And I don't care - music is music.
An artist don't make you bigger than life - being that person that can break artists can make you bigger than life.
I look at Lil Wayne as being from my generation.
I listen to a lot of '80s stuff, like 'Owner of a Lonely Heart,' by the group Yes. And Mr. Mister's 'Broken Wings.'
I work out all the time. I love it.
I don't think about other people. If I did, I'd wanna compete. But I don't think like that, because I'm above everybody.
Good production is like a beautiful marriage. It makes a happy home.
I'm not a rapper.
I been through some junk. It ain't all been peaches and cream.
I've always tried different stuff in the studio. I use rakes, spoons, cans... I'm a surround-sound type of guy.
I'm making music the way I would have done before modern equipment and music recording.
I don't have beef with nobody.
Don't get in my personal life.
