American,Musician
I wasn't originally a bass player. I just found out I was needed, because everyone wants to play guitar.
Many Japanese painters and calligraphers would change their names intentionally to keep their relationship to the art always fresh. This way, others' expectations can be avoided.
Art is not predictable. Art is not golf, as great as that may be. There are 360 degrees of choice to make.
If you have this passion for music, you don't stop doing it - it chooses you and doesn't release you.
You learn just as much from your failures. Sometimes you love your failures even more.
We don't always know what we're doing. We often just get excited, put something down, and say, 'Oh, neat'.
It's just such a pleasure to bring a talent you respect to the world.
When Talking Heads started, we called ourselves Thinking Man's Dance Music.
Sometimes you don't want to be a slapstick clown in order to convey a funny perception of the world.
We don't really have more than acouple of solos. It's just the way our music is put together.
I think the idea of having the show divided into two parts was that Tom Tom Club opened for Talking Heads in Europe, and it was the best we'd ever had as an opening act.
I don't want to wreck my voice. I love to concentrate on playing the bass and keeping it very rock-solid. If I were singing, I would have blown out my voice.
I play bass. I don't have to go out there and screech.
When we were making Speaking in Tongues and Remain in Light, we were jamming. From that we were taking the best bits and then recording and improvising on top of those.
We had our unhappy moments but they got channelled into the kind of sadness that was necessary for singing a song about going nowhere. So it worked out very well I think.
I like the idea of Wild Infancy, of people who have a deprived background, of starting out wild.
It's hard to be perfect, It really is. I keep learning things after I've already bungled it.
We're not getting paid. We have these great musicians with us and it gives us a real charge. And the audience gives us a charge, because they keep it interesting all the time.
We groove off of everything, any sort of live show. The inner dialogue you're having with yourself, between you and the music, is for me the search for God.
David is purely a conceptual artist. He didn't play any instruments or paint or anything. We were painters.
Talking Heads, for me and Chris, was a very personal thing that we shared with a lot of people. In a way, I'm glad it's over, because it allows us to move beyond the restrictions that followed.
We always thought the Tom Tom Club could change to anything, but it acquired this image, which was cartoon animation and this real light-hearted dance music.
Even the Beatles found it hard to escape their image; they were trapped by it.
I have respect for those who make money at art and do it well and smartly, because that commercial aspect keeps the world going and running, in a sense.
It's a cruel, heartless world out there in commercial rock 'n' roll, and when you take as much time off as we did, eight years, booking agents don't know if you'll draw.
I would really love to work with Paul McCartney. Isn't that arrogant?
