American,Musician
I'm in my own little lane, doing just me. I don't have to fit in.
When I'm rapping, like, a turn up song, I'm thinking about what the people want to hear; this is what they're going to like. When I'm singing, I'm, like, telling my story. I'm not worried if people like it; I'm just trying to be truthful, you know what I'm saying? I'm just talking about something that happened to me.
I think, being a woman, we got to prove ourselves twice.
Females - we go just as hard as the guys, if not harder.
I would rather impress you with my storytelling than with the size of my waist and my hips.
It's easy for guys to listen to another guy for support, but if it's a female, they seem to shy away from it, like they don't want to be a sucker, you know what I'm saying? So we kind of got to go harder.
I drop free music because I want people to know I'm still working. I want people to know I'm working and making my money independently. I don't want to charge for a mixtape; I'd rather charge for an album and really give something to my fans.
The key to artistry is being able to say stuff the way other people can't.
I don't like to sugarcoat. I don't like to say things without feeling it. I like to get to the point and say exactly what I'm talking about.
I think monogamy exists when you're of age. I'm not saying that's good, but in today's time, a female won't honestly get a full commitment until they're at least 25 or 26. That's not good, but that's how it is.
I don't ever want to lose my rawness or whatever. That makes a person special.
I'm not the ideal pop star, not what you see on TV. I look like I could be your best friend.
I like country music. Sometimes I'll just type in 'country' on Pandora and listen. I really like the passion in the lyrics.
I'll be honest with you: before I heard Nicki rapping, I probably wouldn't have thought to rap myself. Just to see a female doing it and being in there with the guys, it was motivation.
Country singers put a lot of soul into their songs, and I enjoy that.
I have some talent. So, I'm going to show it off. No matter what, I'm gonna keep going.
Chicago's known for the drill. Keefs, Lil Durks, and whatnot. My music, on the other hand, it has a message to it. I think that's what sets me apart. I think it gets deeper than saying anything on a trap beat. I'm putting stories together, and people are relating to what I am saying.
To stand out, I just use my talents. I rap, and I sing as well. With that being said, people kind of know me for bringing that emotion in music.
The more I got into my artistry, I got a bigger responsibility: the kids in Chicago, they look up to the rappers. We influence them.
When people listen to artists, and you turn on the radio, it's a lot of gimmicks. And that's real. So I take it like there's nobody keeping it honest and truthful no more, especially as far as young teenagers and females.
There's not really too many artists that young girls and young people can look up to and be inspired by. So I take it as my responsibility, sometimes, to be the person who has the voice to give people some truth about what we're doing.
Working with Timbaland, he gives me insight; he throws me different ways to approach the beat, and those extra tips go a long way. I know that he's worked with some of the greats, so it's just motivation. I feel inspired when we're in the booth together.
Tink is the voice of the youth. I'm not one of those artists who talks about unrealistic things or fairy tales. I'm not talking about expensive things and cars. I'm actually talking about what's going on in my life and every teenager's life, too.
When you think Tink, you should just think of me as that around-the-way girl - relatable and honest. Even in my lifestyle, my entire aura is real. I don't sugarcoat anything, whether I'm on stage or home in Chicago or just behind the scenes just chilling. I'm the same person you see on stage, always.
Chicago is a rough city. It made me raw.
When I was 16, I was doing what was popular. If I could go back, I would tell myself to not be afraid to be alone and not to follow others so much.
