American,Politician
Now, an embryo may seem like some scientific or laboratory term, but, in fact, the embryo contains the unique information that defines a person.
Taiwan is a budding democracy, and the people have participated in multi-party democratic elections since 1996.
My base will show up in earthquakes.
We don't want the efficiency of the federal government and the compassion of the IRS to run our health care.
The Supreme Court and courts in general have been usurping the role of the legislative branch of government.
It is an essential tenet of our whole representative form of government, the idea that there should not be some tyranny which makes it so nobody can even have a chance to vote.
Just dying should not be a reason for taxes.
The advent of self-government for the Iraqi people is a watershed moment in their history.
I oppose the attempts of homosexual activists to treat homosexual activity as a civil right to be protected and promoted by the government.
I oppose any attempt to grant homosexual unions the same legal privileges that civil government affords to traditional marriage and family life.
You know, don't tell anybody I'm a jail bird, you know, but there were a bunch of us that were years ago involved in the pro-life movement.
I was involved in some peaceful protests.
I stand up for the things I believe in.
I don't apologize.
We have a long heritage of freedom that defines America. We believe there is a Creator who blessed us with life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
I'm standing for real freedom.
More freedom means more jobs... less government and less taxes.
I'm a dad and that's pretty important.
I'm not a quitter.
Just because somebody makes a mistake doesn't make them useless.
America has got the equivalent of stage three cancer of socialism because the federal government is tampering in all kinds of stuff it has no business tampering in.
At the heart of liberalism really is a hatred for God and a belief that government should replace God.
I am deeply concerned about America.
I will work with anyone that wants to get America back on track and make sure that the government is the servant and no longer the master.
As I said, I believe life starts at conception.
Now an embryo may seem like some scientific or laboratory term, but in fact the embryo contains the unique information that defines a person. All you add is food and climate control, and some time, and the embryo becomes you or me.
