American,Politician
The Islamic Revolution of Iran has been killing Americans, hundreds of Americans, for 35 years in Iraq and Lebanon and Saudi Arabia.
I will say that there are genuine and serious concerns about what Hillary Clinton did before the Benghazi attacks, during them, and after them. I think her extremely careless handling of classified information, to use FBI Director Jim Comey's term, disqualifies her from being president.
You never know what kind of challenges are going to be thrown in your way or opportunities will arise.
Under the cover of encryption, terror masterminds provide recruits with the tactics and tools necessary to carry out attacks using small arms and explosives. None of this requires any overseas travel.
No officer wants to be involved in a justified use of force proven unnecessary after the fact, any more than soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan wanted to make what proved to be the wrong decision in a shoot-don't-shoot situation. Those decisions, even if justified, live with you forever, believe me.
There are still plenty of fighting forces inside of Syria who want to see Assad go. We should have been helping them from the very beginning.
If men have easy access to divorce, many will choose it thoughtlessly. They may not gain true happiness with their new trophy wives, but they certainly will not slide into the material indigence and emotional misery that awaits most divorced women.
We need to force Iran to dismantle its nuclear program entirely or face the threat of military force to destroy that program.
Police officers put the badge on every morning, not knowing for sure if they'll come home at night to take it off.
The claim that too many criminals are being jailed, that there is over-incarceration, ignores an unfortunate fact: For the vast majority of crimes, a perpetrator is never identified or arrested, let alone prosecuted, convicted and jailed.
President Obama likes to say Guantanamo Bay is a terrorist recruiting tool, and while that may be an easy excuse, it's simply not true. The reality is the motivations of radical Islamic jihadism existed before Guantanamo Bay. The ideology is premised on a narrative of conquest, in the spiritual as well as the earthly world.
The IAEA should be worried, as I am worried about it, because North Korea is now a nuclear power state with a ballistic missile program.
The West has been calling for years for the forces of moderate Islam to stand up to the very small percentage but very large number of radical Muslims all around the world. When countries - the U.A.E. or Egypt or Jordan - do that, we need to highlight it, we need to celebrate it, and we need to continue to encourage it.
We should triple the amount we spend on defense and quadruple what we spend on prisons. Why do we pay for food stamps? Welfare? Medicare? They don't keep us safe. If anything, they nurture the most dangerous elements of society.
I don't do stairs. And I don't do groups.
Guantanamo Bay is a first-rate detention facility that's kept terrorists off the battlefield and kept America safe. It's critical role in our national security cannot be overstated.
Roadside bombs that Iran sent to Iraq to blow up over 500 American soldiers cost a lot less than $1.7 billion.
No man wants more war if he's planned memorial services for fallen comrades, carried their flag-draped caskets off a plane, and buried them at Arlington National Cemetery.
Some people say I'm a young man in a hurry. Well, guess what: they're right.
In my opinion the only problem with Guantanamo Bay is there are too many empty beds and cells there right now. We should be sending more terrorists there for further interrogation to keep this country safe.
What you did do with your grocery card, discount card is much more invasive to your privacy than what the NSA does.
What the United States needs to do at this point is reaffirm our commitment that Assad must go and that Iran and Russia cannot be granted a sphere of influence in Syria, and that we will not sit down at the negotiating table to help broker Assad's victory in this fight.
I joined the army after 9/11, after the Iraq war was started. I joined in part because I wanted to go fight on the front lines.
In Arkansas, we believe in religious freedom.
We have to remain vigilant, and we have to continue to take the fight to the terrorist.
At Harvard College, I discovered political philosophy as a way of life.
There are nothing but hardliners in Iran.
Donald Trump can ultimately make the case for himself.
As a senator, I play an important role in crafting foreign policy.
Jimmy Carter proposed withdrawing the troops from South Korea. He was stopped by the United States Congress.
Any deal that's not approved by Congress won't be accepted by Congress. Not now and certainly not in the future.
Today, few terrorist organizations still employ the 'al-Qaeda model' in which individuals travel to terrorist training camps overseas and then are deployed to the West to inflict atrocities.
The use of encrypted communication and data storage to shield terrorist coordination from intelligence and law-enforcement authorities is known as 'going dark.'
Fundamentally, we have to recognize that Iran is not a partner.
The nuclear deal with Iran is fundamentally flawed.
I'm not going to respond to every single thing that Donald Trump has to say or that Hillary Clinton says.
The critical role of Congress in the adoption of international agreements was clearly laid out by our Founding Fathers in our Constitution. And it's a principle upon which Democrats and Republicans have largely agreed.
The Senate must approve any deal President Obama negotiates with Iran by a two-thirds majority vote.
I do not take my obligations as a senator lightly.
Our goal is simple: to stop Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.
Guantanamo Bay can be and has been visited repeatedly by the International Red Cross and other human-rights groups for observation in an open, regular, and transparent manner. Detainees receive the same medical care as the guard force and are able to participate in their daily prayer sessions.
Information obtained from detainees at Guantanamo has been described by the CIA as 'the lead information' that enabled the agency to recognize the importance of a courier for Usama bin Laden, a crucial understanding that led to Bin Laden's secret hideout in Pakistan and the U.S. raid that killed him.
Islamic terrorists do not need an excuse to attack the United States. To attack us is what they do; they attack us for what we are.
Are we fighting too many wars? And I would say no. We're fighting one war. And it's a war against radical Islamic Jihad.
If the Islamic State is losing, if they are defeated in Iraq and Syria, or in Libya, which is maybe their most dangerous and most well-developed cell today, then they won't inspire nearly so many attacks.
We're not responsible for the domestic security of every one of our allies.
I and many other senators, Republican and Democrat, have expressed our sincere and long-held intent that Congress must approve any nuclear deal with Iran for months.
If anything, we have an under-incarceration problem.
Law and order in our communities doesn't arise spontaneously.
There's nothing good about Russia's activity in Syria.
The president has largely taken a hands-off approach in Syria and granted it as a legitimate sphere of interest to countries like Iran and like Russia. This is very bad policy, and it's going to lead to very dangerous consequences for our partners in the region, which is why so many of them are so opposed to U.S. policies.
The acronym ISIS stands for the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. But increasingly, we see that it's not limited there. We see it in Egypt. We see it in Libya. We see it in Afghanistan.
There's been a lot of disappointments with the Iraqi army, no doubt about that. Some units have performed well, especially their special operations units. But a lot of their units have not.
What I believe is that a lot of the NSA's telephone metadata program is the result of misinformation spread by a traitor, Edward Snowden.
The NSA is not listening to anyone's phone calls. They're not reading any Americans' e-mails. They're collecting simply the data that your phone company already has, and which you don't have a reasonable expectation of privacy, so they can search that data quickly in the event of a terrorist plot.
Vladimir Putin is decisive. He's committed to victory, and he now has aircraft and surface-to-air missiles and main battle tanks in Syria.
If Iran wants their money back and wants to be treated like a normal nation, they need to act like a normal nation.
Unless we get serious about addressing Iran's regional ambitions in places like Syria, then our allies are never going to be confident that we have a strategy for the region.
I spent several months patrolling Al Dora district in Baghdad in 2006 with the 101st Airborne. It's a tough neighborhood. There's a lot of militias operating there, including a lot of Shiite militias, which are backed by Iran.
We have taught Iran's leaders and the world a very bad lesson: that there is a price on the head of Americans to be held hostage.
My heart goes out, as does every American, when I see the videotape of Jason Rezaian and Amir Hekmati and Saeed Abedini coming back to their families.
It's clearly the intent of the Islamic State to strike us here in the United States. And that's why we have to go on offense in the war against the Islamic State to fight them where they are before they fight us here in the United States.
We need to significantly increase the number of bombing runs we're conducting in Iraq and Syria.
We should have imposed new sanctions in 2013 and maintained the strength of our negotiating position, which is what brought Iran to the table in the first place.
Actions have consequences.
The U.S.-Israel alliance is a core part of our strategic position in the Middle East.
Obviously, the United States military can destroy any of Iran's nuclear infrastructure.
I have spoken to Donald Trump about this. He understands the dramatic budget cuts our military has faced.
I can't comment on what every single presidential candidate is saying or doing.
What I can do as the member of the United States Senate is try to do everything I can to keep America safe.
The forces that led to radical Islam, the Muslim Brotherhood, Al Qaeda, Islamic State, can ultimately only be defeated by moderate Muslims around the globe, countries like U.A.E. that have led the fight within their own border to promote tolerance.
We want the president to act to keep America safe.
The Islamic State is using medieval tactics.
We need to be tough once again in the world.
We need to quit appeasing our adversaries, and we need to stand with our allies.
Before the surge started, frankly, after I left Iraq towards the end of 2006, I was worried that we were losing the war. But after the surge, I felt that we succeeded.
We're going to make America a better place.
My thesis was a defense of our Constitution on the terms that the founding fathers wrote specifically in the Federalist Papers. They hoped that our form of government would draw forward men and women who are the wisest, most prudent, and most experienced.
I am focused on the work that the people of Arkansas sent me to do.
By the time the 2008 election arrived, we had finally won the Iraq War, or we were on the road to winning it. We won starting in the summer of 2007 going into late 2011.
I was in Iraq in the worst period, 2006, but from 2006 to 2008, and especially through 2011, the American military and the government of Iraq made huge strides in making that country a source of stability with a relatively representative government that was seeking pluralistic engagement from all the factions within the government.
The world probably wishes that Great Britain had rebuilt its defenses and stopped Germany from reoccupying the Rhineland in 1936.
With Iran, we negotiated privately in 2012-2013 from a position of strength, not a position of weakness. The secret negotiations in Oman. This ultimately led to the Joint Plan of Action of November 2013.
Why would you codify a set of safeguards you might want to change as technology evolves and you face new risks of privacy, in addition to changing safeguards that might need to be relaxed in an emergency situation?
Waterboarding isn't torture. We do waterboarding to our own soldiers in the military.
I decided early on, very early, that the best role I could play is to speak in my own voice, assume my own voice and my own ideas. Even if you support a candidate who ultimately wins, what you say and do is seen through the filter of that candidate.
Donald Trump, like most Americans, like most Republicans, believe in protecting America's core national interests.
It's important to remember that whatever the presidential candidates of either party say, they will have to interact with the United States Congress, particularly the Senate, when it comes to crafting policy... we play an important role. And I'm going to continue to play that role, whoever is president.
I can assure you that I'm not very close to Hillary Clinton. I think she's disqualified herself from Commander-in-Chief by her cavalier attitude towards our nation's secrecy laws.
I have always had confidence in our front line F.B.I. personnel as well as the F.B.I. leadership.
It's humiliating for Barack Obama and, therefore, the United States to have American sailors held hostage during his final State of the Union.
I have introduced legislation - with other senators from both parties, like Bob Corker and Bob Menendez and Joe Manchin - called the 'Countering the Iranian Threats Act', specifically to clamp down on a lot of Iran's nefarious activity throughout the region.
The Congress plays a central role in our constitutional structure.
Bill Clinton worked with a Republican Congress. They certainly had their differences on many issues, but look at what they also accomplished. Welfare reform - that was maybe the most significant social policy achievement in two generations.
I don't believe we should allow thousands of violent felons to be released early from prison, nor do I believe we should reduce sentences for violent offenders in the future.
It would be very dangerous and unwise to proceed with the Senate Judiciary bill, which would lead to the release of thousands of violent felons.
Our enemies and allies alike must know that aggressors will pay an unspeakable price for challenging the United States. The best way to impose that price is global military dominance.
Trying to balance the budget through defense cuts is both counterproductive and impossible.
In our globalized world, our domestic prosperity depends heavily on the world economy, which, of course, requires stability and order. Who provides that stability and order? The U.S. military.
The truth is you cannot decrease the severity and certainty of sentences without increasing crime. It's simply impossible.
Terrorists need no excuse to attack us here. They've shown that for decades and decades. We should be proud for the way we treated these savages at Guantanamo Bay and the way our soldiers conduct themselves all around the world to include the people doing the very hard work at Guantanamo Bay.
America does not torture. We never have, and we never will.
Our national-security strategy must drive our military budget, rather than the budget setting our strategy.
The military budget must reflect the threats we face, rather than the budget defining those threats.
Feminists say no-fault divorce was a large hurdle on the path to female liberation. They apparently don't consult the deepest hopes or greatest fears of young women.
The purpose of our common defense, after all, is to protect our people so that we can enjoy the blessings of peace, faith, freedom, family, prosperity.
Against the wishes of my family, I gave up my legal career, and I volunteered for the Army. I became an infantryman. I went to Iraq and Afghanistan.
Our warriors and their families don't ask for much. But there are a few things we'd like. A commander-in-chief who speaks of winning wars and not merely ending wars, calls the enemy by its name, and draws red lines carefully but enforces them ruthlessly.
The problem of end-to-end encryption isn't just a terrorism issue.
