American,Novelist
The control of information is something the elite always does, particularly in a despotic form of government. Information, knowledge, is power. If you can control information, you can control people.
The U.S. Military is us. There is no truer representation of a country than the people that it sends into the field to fight for it. The people who wear our uniform and carry our rifles into combat are our kids, and our job is to support them, because they're protecting us.
The good old days are now.
There was a time when nails were high-tech. There was a time when people had to be told how to use a telephone. Technology is just a tool. People use tools to improve their lives.
Probably what pushed the Russians over the edge was SDI. They realized they couldn't beat us.
What do I know about sex? I'm a married man.
Never ask what sort of computer a guy drives. If he's a Mac user, he'll tell you. If not, why embarrass him?
It's not right to say that our loss in Vietnam turned out to be a gain. But lessons were learned. And they were the right lessons.
I've made up stuff that's turned out to be real, that's the spooky part.
Fighting wars is not so much about killing people as it is about finding things out. The more you know, the more likely you are to win a battle.
Wars are begun by frightened men.
Ebola is a nasty disease to get. It's scary. But as a weapon, it is probably not likely. Ebola is a difficult malady to weaponize and deliver efficiently.
There are two kinds of people: the ones who need to be told, and the ones who figure it out all by themselves.
The human condition today is better than it's ever been, and technology is one of the reasons for that.
The role of fiction is supposed to be divorced from the role of reality.
I was one of the first generations to watch television. TV exposes people to news, to information, to knowledge, to entertainment. How is it bad?
Nothing is as real as a dream. The world can change around you, but your dream will not. Your life may change, but your dream doesn't have to. Responsibilities need not erase it. Duties need not obscure it.
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
There used to be this country called the Soviet Union; it's not there anymore. Our technology was better than theirs.
Show me an elitist, and I'll show you a loser.
Books and movies are different art forms with different rules. And because of that, they never translate exactly.
I think about the characters I've created, and then I sit down and start typing and see what they will do. There's a lot of subconscious thought that goes on. It amazes me to find out, a few chapters later, why I put someone in a certain place when I did.
Before, it was always, 'Oh, no, here comes Clancy, that insurance agent.' Now it's, 'Oh, here comes Tom Clancy, bestselling author.' But I'm still the same basic middle-class slob.
Learn to write the same way you learn to play golf. You do it and keep doing it until you get it right.
The objective of a terrorist is to create political change in the society he targets.
Man is a creature of hope and invention, both of which belie the idea that things cannot be changed.
