American,Musician
Bad weather always looks worse through a window.
Life is like a piano. What you get out of it depends on how you play it.
Life is like a sewer: what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
On my income tax 1040 it says 'Check this box if you are blind.' I wanted to put a check mark about three inches away.
I have always found it interesting... that there are people who regard copyright infringement as a form of flattery.
An actress must never lose her ego - without it she has no talent.
I know that there are people who do not love their fellow man, and I hate people like that!
I feel that if a person has problems communicating the very least he can do is to shut up.
Political satire became obsolete when they awarded Henry Kissinger the Nobel Peace Prize.
I'm not interested in promoting myself or revealing to total strangers anything about me. That's not my job.
I loved high school, but I wouldn't want to do it again.
If, after hearing my songs, just one human being is inspired to say something nasty to a friend or, perhaps to strike a loved one, it will all have been worth the while.
Apart from that Mrs Lincoln, how did you enjoy the play?
You can't be satirical and not be offensive to somebody.
Be prepared, and be careful not to do your good deeds when there's no one watching you.
It is sobering to consider that when Mozart was my age he had already been dead for a year.
Irreverence is easy - what's hard is wit.
I'm not tempted to write a song about George W. Bush. I couldn't figure out what sort of song I would write. That's the problem: I don't want to satirise George Bush and his puppeteers, I want to vaporise them.
There's something mathematically satisfying about music: notes fit together and harmony and all that. And mathematics has to do with abstractions and making connections.
When you get to fifty-two food becomes more important than sex.
In my youth there were words you couldn't say in front of a girl; now you can't say 'girl.'
Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal, if you don't use your thumbs.
If a person feels he can't communicate, the least he can do is shut up about it.
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years.
The Army has carried the American ideal to its logical conclusion. Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed and color, but also on ability.
I wish people who have trouble communicating would just shut up.
