American,Businessman
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Excellent firms don't believe in excellence - only in constant improvement and constant change.
Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders.
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
Community organizing is all about building grassroots support. It's about identifying the people around you with whom you can create a common, passionate cause. And it's about ignoring the conventional wisdom of company politics and instead playing the game by very different rules.
Celebrate what you want to see more of.
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast.
Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing.
For the blue-collar worker, the driving force behind change was factory automation using programmable machine tools. For the office worker, it's office automation using computer technology: enterprise-resource-planning systems, groupware, intranets, extranets, expert systems, the Web, and e-commerce.
The best leaders... almost without exception and at every level, are master users of stories and symbols.
Regardless of age, regardless of position, regardless of the business we happen to be in, all of us need to understand the importance of branding. We are CEOs of our own companies: Me, Inc. To be in business today, our most important job is to be head marketer for the brand called You.
A passive approach to professional growth will leave you by the wayside.
The top athletes are consummate pros who work obsessively at their craft. Approach yours the same way.
Business is about people. It's about passion. It's about bold ideas, bold small ideas or bold large ideas.
Winners must learn to relish change with the same enthusiasm and energy that we have resisted it in the past.
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else.
Design is so critical it should be on the agenda of every meeting in every single department.
The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.
I think it's wonderful to save the world, but you need to be part of the world, too.
Communication is everyone's panacea for everything.
If your company has a clean-desk policy, the company is nuts and you're nuts to stay there.
South Africa has all the tools to compete in the new global village - an eager workforce, ready to take on any challenge.
One of the biggest problems of 'In Search of Excellence' is that it focused on giant, publicly-traded companies. There are thousands upon thousands of excellent companies. Some of them are two-person accountancies in a community of three thousand people.
I had no idea what I was doing when I wrote 'Search.' There was no carefully designed work plan. There was no theory that I was out to prove.
Vision is dandy, but sustainable company excellence comes from a huge stable of able managers.
Everyone has a chance to learn, improve, and build up their skills.
'In Search of Excellence' was an afterthought, the runt of the McKinsey consulting litter, a hip-pocket project that was never supposed to amount to much.
'In Search of Excellence' - even the title - is a reminder that business isn't dry, dreary, boring, or by the numbers. Life at work can be cool - and work that's cool isn't confined to Tiger Woods, Yo-Yo Ma, or Tom Hanks. It's available to all of us and any of us.
My problem is not that I see all 17 sides of any issue, but I'm equally passionate about all 17 sides simultaneously.
I think economics is about passion. Economic progress, whether it is a two-person coffee shop or whether it is Netscape, is about people with brave ideas. Because it is brave to mortgage the house, when you've got two kids, to start a coffee shop.
