American,Actor
I live a pretty simple life.
I hate going to the gym, so sweating outdoors sure beats sitting on a stationary bike staring at my navel.
Son, never throw a punch at a redwood.
I feel the other element of a western is the land, which is very important in this movie. I mean the land is another character in the piece, actually.
I praise CBS for taking a risk, which is always the price you pay for opportunity. This is not standard movie of the week storytelling. I think movies of the week have fallen into a niche and that isn't my niche.
There was a time I could have been mistaken for Burt Reynolds. I had a moustache and so did he. But he was the number one star in the world, so there wasn't really much confusion.
I don't think you should do something just to prove to an audience that you can do it, that's way out of your wheelhouse.
To me, the excitement is in ordering a fine shotgun, going through the process that everybody who has bought one has gone through for 100 years. You order it, you make a significant down payment, and then you wait three or four years for the gun to be custom-made for you.
My first priority is time with my family.
Do you like my suit? I think this is an amazing suit, don't you think?
It's not that conservatives don't care. We do. We just have different answers than liberals do. It's a difference of the mind, not of the heart.
And besides, because of all she has accomplished, Barbara Jordan has always been a hero of mine.
But, you know there's a lot of westerns - not that they were bad - it's just that they can be remade because they're great stories that aren't indelible in an audience's mind when it comes to both the cast and the story.
Having had that experience... I think, what modern culture wants to see is the relationship with the woman. I don't think you can tell a story on film nowadays where the woman simply is there for the man when he decides to settle down.
I don't feel the obligation to have a big explosion in the first 20 seconds so the audience doesn't turn on another channel. We are trying to make something that looks like a feature film that was bought for television and I think we are succeeding.
I guess after Dances With Wolves they probably tried some derivative westerns, and if they didn't work, they said the western is dead and moved on to something else.
I had a strong, really good upbringing, not puritanical.
I realized I really liked the screen. I knew it was a challenge, but I wasn't afraid of risk.
I think a lot of Magnum was me.
I've learned by hanging out in Hollywood, where I disagree politically with most people, that most people's hearts are in the right place, and the only thing we have to argue about is the way to solve the problems.
I've never reacted well to other people telling me what to do.
If you buy an expensive thing and you never use it, I don't think there's a point to it.
It is scary for an actor when you get hired as a lead. No matter what the plot is, it is your job to do something interesting enough to make them want to get inside the lead character's head.
Shooting clay targets is a very cleansing experience. It's very relaxing. It takes a lot of concentration. It's also very social, since you're usually shooting with friends. You can talk and forget about almost anything else that's on your mind.
Which to this day is a source of enormous guilt, because I left with three classes to go in the business school to sign a contract with 20th Century Fox.
You know I grew up watching the TV series The Rifleman.
