American,Comedian
I think true success is intrinsic... It's love. It's kindness. It's community.
Our culture does not teach us this, but what happens in Vegas does not stay in Vegas. If you cheat in Vegas, it comes right home with you. If you cheat in Vegas, you walk home as a cheater. You lie awake at a night a cheater. You cannot escape it.
When you do something in a nonviolent way, people will die and there will be casualties. But you're taking a different point of view that has a power.
There's one fundamental law that all of nature obeys that mankind breaks every day. Now, this is a law that's evolved over billions of years, and the law is this: Nothing in nature takes more than it needs.
Communism didn't work because people weren't ready for it, it was corrupt, and because it squelched individualism.
As a culture, I think we need to redefine what it means to be happy.
Truth can be a matter of perspective, but I also think there's a truth that exists, that there are laws to the universe the way Gandhi and Dr. Martin Luther King believed.
You can't sow an apple seed and expect to get an avocado tree. The consequences of your life are sown in what you do and how you behave.
I'm from the Madeleine L'Engle school. The more she delves into science, the more she knows there's a creator who's behind these amazing laws, these amazing events. The symmetry of nature, the structure and order of it.
I think laughter is a sacred act.
Hope is the belief we might get it done, and faith is the knowledge we will get it done.
The truth is nobody can own anything. That was an unheard-of concept among indigenous people. We invented that.
Nature is an incredible cooperative. When things operate outside of that cooperative, they die off. It's a very simple rule that nature operates under.
I don't see making films to entertain and making films to inform as separate things.
To me, 'Ace Ventura' is as scriptural and sacred as any movie I've ever done because it's childlike.
One of the challenges of the church is to accept humanity for all it is.
If you look at the Bible as a whole, it's redemptive and beautiful, and it's God's love story to mankind.
Christ is in all, meaning that the divine spark is in all things.
I love Frank Capra. He believed in the goodness of people and one man's ability to fight and often triumph.
Facing my own death brought an instant sense of clarity and purpose.
I don't want to be your hero. I want to be your brother. You know, I want to be your family member. I want to be your equal.
I was paid $8 or $9 million for 'Evan Almighty.' I didn't want that money.
I've been called crazy many times before.
My dad's half-Lebanese, my mom is full Lebanese. I'm three-quarters Lebanese. Irish-Lebanese.
I believe our emotional tension can manifest itself physically.
I was taught in school that I have to look out for number one. That was against everything that I intuitively felt.
