American,Politician
Because the worst of all worlds is when you pretend like you have an immigration policy, you make coming into the United States without our permission illegal, and then you actually don't enforce it.
The issue of remittances where we have millions of Mexicans working in the United States sending back dollars. He said they send back 10 billion dollars a year.
The Democratic Party looks at massive immigration, legal and illegal, as a source of voters.
The Republican Party looks at massive immigration, legal and illegal, as a source of cheap labor, satisfying a very important constituency.
We can control our borders, we just choose not too.
If we in fact were to begin enforcing the law against people who are hiring people who are here illegally, we would go a long way towards eliminating the problem.
The word nobody wants to use, but you see if you are here illegally, that's the punishment, deportation.
You know, I'm a Republican, I'm a Conservative, I voted for George Bush.
He can fight terrorists overseas, but he leaves our borders so they can come in here and do their thing.
This issue, if not addressed, leaves any President, including George Bush, open to the criticism that they are essentially ignoring the destruction of the nation and I believe that with all my heart.
We have terrorists coming into the country both through our Northern and Southern borders.
In fact, the place where we have indicted more terrorists or potential terrorists, is our Northern border.
I believe that what we are fighting here is not just a small group of people who have hijacked a religion, but it is a civilization bent on destroying ours.
Radical Islam has been the foe of Christendom for centuries.
Now how many people in their heart of hearts in that community want to see the demise of this country? How many would cheer, not out loud maybe, but in their heart when things like 9/11 occur and I'll tell you; it's a majority among them.
We strain to tell Americans and aliens in this country that there's nothing unique about America, nothing unique about American civilization, nothing that requires their allegiance, nothing of great value that they should sacrifice for.
We have to fight radical Islam wherever it exists. It's in Afghanistan, it's in Saudi Arabia, throughout the Middle-East in big numbers and it's in the United States.
We have to implant democracies where there are now dictatorships.
You can bring down governments, you can do a lot of things that are in your own interests even though liberals will get very antsy when you start talking about it.
To be called a sovereign nation, a nation has to be able to control its own borders. It is controlling your own destiny in a way, and we don't control our own borders.
They view massive immigration as a massive infusion of potential voters for the Democratic Party, and therefore will do nothing, absolutely nothing to stop that flow of legal or illegal entrance into the country.
Amnesty is a terrible policy, and it's terrible politics. It's a terrible policy because you are rewarding people for breaking the law.
The right to kill another person is not a right that I would agree with and support.
