American,Musician
I'm not a diva. I'm a tadpole trying to be a frog.
I'm a businesswoman who's serious about her money. I want an empire.
I'd lose my mind if I heard my kid call the nanny Mommy.
If you break your knee, you have therapy on your knee, and it's the same for your heart.
Dating is different when you get older. You're not as trusting, or as eager to get back out there and expose yourself to someone.
To do what you love can sometimes be stressful.
If I'm uncomfortable, you'd never know.
I am fed up with men who use sex like a sleeping pill.
You don't want a whole bunch of yes people around you.
Performing live is the greatest high in the world. That's why I do what I do.
Like Scarlett O'Hara, I won't be broke again.
I'll probably be 80 years old and still performing. Music is like fashion, it changes. But some things will always be the same.
I was a 10 million-plus selling artist.
I take an active role in my imaging and how I look.
I know for works for me - those wonderful sad love songs.
I can't record in the morning because I sound like Barry White.
Grammys, American Music Awards, successful albums, I'd pick my kids any day over any of it.
I'm in love with kid's stories and animation.
I love dishes and house things so I kind of lost it a little bit on the house ware. One-thousand thread-count sheets, that's what I indulged in.
I can live a totally normal life and do everything I want to do just as long as I take my medication. My body will give me signals if it gets weak or fatigued, so I know when I need to take a break.
I love my family, I'll do anything for them.
I do have height envy. I'm 5'1 and my sisters are giants so I do have height envy.
My ideal kinda guy, if I was really gonna go there even though he's married, is Mark Wahlberg. To me he's a little black and white, the kinda guy who would understand if I pull my weave out.
In a broken marriage, it can be challenging and tough to get that work/life balance. I love performing but I also love being a mum, and I hate having to choose between them.
Although becoming a singer was my plan A after first hearing Whitney Houston when I was 17, I started off with plan B by going to the teacher-training college that my dad went to. It was a slow coming of age.
I had a 23 per cent blockage in my micro-arteries. At first the doctors thought I needed a heart transplant, then they said I have microvascular angina, which means I will be on medication for the rest of my life.
