American,Politician
If recycling is the future, then we must focus our efforts on mitigating negative impacts to our community while protecting our environment.
As an engineer, you learn there is a solution to every problem. It may take you a while, but eventually you're going to find it.
Our kids have to understand that drinking underage is a poor decision that could drastically affect their chances to achieve the goals they've set.
I love chocolate, and I love ice cream. That's a double whammy there. I constantly have to check myself and say, 'I've already had dessert today.'
When you see the horrible conditions that these animals live in, you wonder why operators of puppy mills have gone undetected for so long.
When millions of law-abiding people achieve citizenship, our communities benefit, and the U.S. economy grows and strengthens.
If Latinos stay at home, we determine the outcome of an election.
No candidate can become president without the Latino vote.
When we act ignorant as a community, we are not doing the right thing.
Who cannot appreciate the smell of bacon? It smells good, but I never want to grab a bite.
Consumers deserve the opportunity to watch their program of choice.
I think it's not up to Congress to dictate what the right amount of diversity is, but I think it's Congress' place to ask the question, to any industry, in talking about what's going on out there. Is there a lack of preparation of the community to be ready to be involved in that industry?
When you have 20 nominations - 20 names on the nomination list of best actor, supporting actor and actress, etc., and there's absolutely no representation of color whatsoever, I think that's a subset of perhaps a bigger problem.
There is no organic process where you can take a diverse community like America and then distill it down to it only looks monolithic without having some kind of inorganic interplay going on that created that outcome.
I meditate, and I try to do that twice a day.
I don't eat pork or beef. I cut that out when my father passed away about 20 years ago. I wanted to modify my diet because he passed away from diabetes. And, you know, it's very hereditary.
Every time I got paid, I would give my parents money. I would save some money, and I would have a little money to spend.
I wasn't the student body this, student body that. I was not much into running for office.
Nearly one-fifth of our fellow citizens are Latino. They are families who are impacted by our education system, by our economy, by our healthcare delivery, and by every policy we make here in Washington.
To truly utilize the full potential of every person in our nation, our laws and representation must track the needs, concerns, and goals of the Latino community.
Hollywood and film portray who we are as a people and what we value as a culture.
When we fail to include diverse, talented faces, reflecting both today and tomorrow's America, we send a poor message to our youth and the world.
It's not up to one individual to decide, 'I'm going to dictate the outcome of what's going to happen legislatively.' That is not a democracy; it's an atrocity.
The FCC was founded in 1934, and their first major action was in 1941 when they broke up NBC. NBC used to be NBC Red and NBC Blue, and they broke them up for the same exact reason: that there wasn't going to be a diversity of voices and because they were vertically integrated.
Comcast is a big voice: they have a tremendous voice across America; they're a tremendous voice in Spanish and English, and they have a tremendous voice in Washington.
I am proud of the fact the community elected a congressman who was born and raised in the community. I am trying my best to be successful for the community.
My father worked with a first-grade education in this country and managed every single day without a hiccup.
Everybody should be defended, and people should be willing to stand with them to let them know that an attack on them is an attack on me.
Every day, opportunities within the hemisphere go untapped, and millions of dollars are lost simply because companies do not know where to begin if they want to expand into new territories and grow their business.
