American,Journalist
Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues.
It serves notice that President Bush is serious about promoting freedom, because free societies are a lot more peaceable than dictatorships and monarchies.
The real sin with Social Security is that it's a long-term rip-off and a short-term scam.
If you think Independence Day is America's defining holiday, think again. Thanksgiving deserves that title, hands-down.
Today there are about 40 million retirees receiving benefits; by the time all the baby boomers have retired, there will be more than 72 million retirees drawing Social Security benefits.
Many people don't give a rip about politics and know as much about public affairs as they know about the topography of Pluto.
Every one of our greatest national treasures, our liberty, enterprise, vitality, wealth, military power, global authority, flow from a surprising source: our ability to give thanks.
George W. Bush broke a mold four years ago: Even though he lost the popular vote, he governed as if he had won by acclamation.
In other words, Social Security is every bit as insecure as the stock market.
Investigators have discovered that dogs can laugh, which can't be too big of a surprise.
It is a common mistake these days to politicize anything and everything, including music.
It makes no sense to pack an auditorium with 5,000 people and then tell them to keep quiet.
Pet lovers know that animals sometimes understand us better than we do, and the annals of human sin and desire provide plenty of stories to drive the point home.
Sometimes, political campaigns make decent people act and talk like perfect buffoons.
Somewhere near you, somebody right now is trying to help the indigent and poor - providing food, shelter, clothing or simple kindness.
Sure, science involves trial and error. Scientists refine theories each day. But as they do, they help us grasp more clearly the wonders of the world and the universe.
That said, ID does not qualify as science because it gives us nothing to test or measure. Science requires replicable tests involving measurable variables.
The art of being sick is not the same as the art of getting well.
The business of peace requires more than showing up with paint brushes, foodstuffs and an oil pipeline or two.
The secret of learning to be sick is this: Illness doesn't make you less of what you were. You are still you.
The United States spends more money on African aid than any nation on earth.
There is no Senate rule governing the proper uses of the filibuster.
To have faith is to believe in truth, believe that truth confers special power on those lucky enough to get a little insight, and to know in our hearts that all these things come from God, which is why we should never get too cocky about our successes.
We believe. We believe in our destiny as a nation. We believe we have been called to do good, to spread the blessings of liberty and encourage the sense of trust upon which free societies depend.
We live in an anaesthetized society.
We've got to rebuild human hearts - and persuade people that hope isn't just possible, but essential.
