American,Athlete
We have a pretty tough schedule coming up. We have to stay strong mentally and must focus on getting better.
Everything feels like you're in slow motion and everything you do seems like it's about two or three plays of what everybody else is doing.
You're going to see ups and downs your whole career.
I am, first of all, a basketball player. I've done this for so very long... For me, it's been essential to be successful on the court.
It hurts. Frankly, it hurts terribly. I have just lived one of the biggest loss of my career. It will be difficult to digest that moment. It is extremely hard to accept. I am disappointed.
Well, actually, I'm a bisexual lesbian in a man's body... but it's more complicated than that.
I don't think I'm boring.
If Tim Duncan had Knicks on his jersey, he'd be a god.
I'm impressed with how the NBA, as a whole, is dressing so well. Guys are being very creative and having fun with it.
My focus is on comfort, so I tend to keep it simple and casual - both during and after the basketball season.
My mom was a model, and her laid-back but put-together sensibility really rubbed off on me.
If I am wearing a T-shirt, it's probably by Wap Two.
Balling is balling; it is all just basketball for me and I'm used to playing both games, so it really does not matter if it is international style, American style; it does not matter at all for me.
Every night you have different match-ups, and you have 82 games, so physically you are going to get tired. You have to be ready mentally to bring your energy and bring the juice every night.
If Tim Duncan had 'Knicks' on his jersey, he'd be a god. He'd be more than Patrick Ewing. With four championships and two MVPs, I think people realize he's one of the best ever, but if he played in New York, he'd be way more famous.
What drives me is winning championships.
You have to know how to keep things in perspective.
Playing in the playoffs is the best basketball in the world, and if you can learn under that pressure, succeed under that pressure, it gives you more confidence the next year.
When I was small, playing NBA Live, that's how I knew everyone in the NBA. That's how I learned about the players.
Watching tape is key. I basically watch every game. It's the only way to break down your opponents.
You never know, the way technology is going, we might all use the games for scouting by the time I retire.
