American,Musician
It is easily overlooked that what is now called vintage was once brand new.
In August most of Europe goes on holiday.
I grew up to the sound of live music in our Brooklyn household.
I could never have a better teacher in those days than my father.
Despite a few really bad days we had quite a lot of fun making Low, especially when all the radical ideas were making sense and things were starting to click.
When I was five my parents bought me a ukulele for Christmas. I quickly learned how to play it with my father's guidance. Thereafter, my father regularly taught me all the good old fashioned songs.
We always started these albums as making demos, that went right on until Scary Monsters.
Today a record producer is even more involved and is often the production's sole musician, one person playing all the instruments one-by-one.
Today's recording techniques would have been regarded as science fiction forty years ago.
The ukulele was the first of many instruments they had bought for me. They got me a guitar when I was eleven, which my son Morgan uses until this day. They paid for 3 years of guitar lessons; they bought me a bass fiddle, which I still play.
Since my teen years I was interested in martial arts.
Rock and Roll has certainly tried to take its toll on me. I'd rather not talk about my past excesses here, although some hardcore rockers might argue that those excesses were responsible for some great records, but I know which side I came out on.
Our last jam session was this past Christmas. Dad played his harmonica, mom sang in English and Italian, and I played guitar. I'm so happy that we could share that musical experience for one last time.
Originally a record producer more or less hired a bunch of professionals to participate in a recording session, the performers and the technicians, and a music director was put in charge. That directly related to a film producer's job.
Oh, it was so hard to leave Paris, just about my favorite city in the world.
Now I know what it's like to be a rock star. No, I didn't sleep with 5 groupies at once. But I was interviewed about 45 times in 5 days in 3 cities.
No one else in our family was a professional musician so this took an enormous leap of faith on their part.
My profession is called record production.
My father loved people, children and pets.
My father had a brilliant scholastic record in high school and was awarded a college scholarship. Unfortunately he had to turn it down so that he could continue to support his family.
My dad's sense of humor was direct and sometimes surreal - his quick wit is well known amongst our family and friends. He raised me on Spike Jones records and W.C. Fields movies, and his sense of humor fell somewhere in between.
Marc Bolan had inspired so many people to pick up a guitar and join a band.
In the last 17 years of his working life, my father was finally rewarded with having landed a great job as first, a maintenance engineer, and then a senior locksmith with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
I make records with an open mind, I always have.
I love Logic Audio and have been using it for years. All my track outputs used to come up on my old board in the same order as in the old Mac G4 - 1 through 32, came up as 1 through 32, for instance.
I keep reviewing my feelings about the supernatural.
