American,Actress
It would be pretty funny to see a Beverly Hills white girl with mad rap skills.
Love is pure and true; love knows no gender.
I just wanna thank all those amazing Internet bloggers out there that hate me day-to-day. I love you! You rock!
Bad shopping habits die hard.
I am proud of my kids, but I also want to make my mom proud of me. I'm still a momma's girl at the heart of the situation.
Audiences could never relate to me as anything other than Tori Spelling.
I am bundle of nerves riddled with irrational fears.
I do have odd habits. I check under my bed every night for the bogeyman. That's just a little thing, though.
I look at Liv Tyler and think 'It's not fair', because I can't find a flaw on her. And on top of that she seems nice, so it's really not fair.
Sometimes, when I'm alone, I put on six inch heels and wear nothing else and dance around in front of the mirror and do my little stripper dance.
I love drag queens and they love me.
We are a very crafty family.
I am now officially ordained. Yep, that's right - Reverend Tori Spelling!
I love sharing my stories and experiences with people and connecting to them on both a humorous and emotional level.
With two kids it's hard to find down time to write so I often write during their nap time.
Whenever something happens that makes me laugh or if I remember something in the middle of the night that I want to share, I jot the experience down.
Little boys are a ton of fun.
I've had the two procedures that probably every other woman in Hollywood has had done.
I love my mother.
It was, you know, probably 80 degrees out in L.A., and my dad took me outside and there was snow. At the time, I thought, 'Every kid doesn't have snow in their backyard on Christmas?'
I love my mom. My mom loves me. We don't have an easy relationship. I don't think we ever will, but I'd rather have a complicated, misunderstood relationship than have no relationship at all.
In all honesty, I grew up a certain way. I never had to worry about money... that was my reality.
I'm lucky that I have such a hands on husband.
Oh my God, I'm not anorexic. I acknowledge that I look thin in photos. I get it.
I'm eating healthy, I just have a crazy lifestyle.
I'm so blessed to have as many jobs that I have, but I do agree that there needs to be some downtime.
There are days when I struggle with wanting to be a full-time, stay-at-home mom, and feeling guilty about that because I work.
I wasn't truly comfortable with myself until I was about 30. I spent so much time and energy wondering if I wasn't worthy, and trying to find people to validate me, instead of validating myself.
People are always saying that Hollywood messes up kids. I'm like, 'No, families mess up kids!' I grew up in Hollywood, and I'm perfectly fine. If my children want to go into the entertainment business, I won't stop them, as long as they're passionate about it.
I never thought I'd have a daughter.
I am a huge fan of gays. They love me, and I love them. They think of me as sort of a gay icon.
I'm not happy not doing anything. When positive things are rolling in, you've got to take them when you can get them.
My whole life story is kind of a backhanded compliment.
I know most people always thank people for believing in them - I actually want to thank people that didn't believe in me.
My reality is the misconceptions about me.
I was always cast doing something athletic. I can't do a cartwheel.
