American,Musician
Once people tell me I can't do stuff, I'm going to go and make it happen.
I'm a fan of Jay-Z, I'mma always be a fan of Jay-Z.
I write my music.
People think a Muslim has to have a turban or a big beard. It's stupid.
My first car was an '84 Ford Taurus. It caught on fire from me trying to change the fuel pump, so that wasn't good at all. Dried leaves on the ground while I was trying to change the fuel pump. Don't do that. Do it on concrete.
I've made club songs, and I've made radio songs, and I've made the car songs.
'Nappy' is a state of mind, not an appearance.
Kanye is the weirdest... He is the weirdest person I know other than me. I've told him that before.
I love vintage cars because you can do so much more to them.
We must all learn to adjust with our surroundings.
Doing voice-over work is something that I love to do, and it is a lot of fun at the same time.
I do YouTube my cars a lot.
Keep in mind, you can use Auto-Tune and you can know how to work it perfectly, but you still have to know how to write a good song.
Those who get stuck doing the same things for too long are bound to get left behind the strong who press on and re-invent themselves.
I think Eminem should use Auto-Tune.
My dad always told me that the best way to get somebody to get at you is to talk bad about them to somebody else.
They can sonically sound like me, but nobody's ever gonna be able to write songs like T-Pain. There's only one of those.
I had to make different kinds of music for everybody but still keep it classic T-Pain at the same time.
I'll treat myself every now and then. Like if I get $100,000, I'll spend $20,000 and put the rest away.
I've got to be sensible sometimes.
I just keep my cars to myself.
I used to sit in front of McDonald's and ask people for dollars to get me a cheeseburger. It was bad.
I was in 30-plus clubs when I was 14 years old.
You can't hate Britney Spears because, you know what, no matter what Britney Spears been doing, she's still on TV.
I don't do the whole, 'Put my name on it, make me famous' thing.
My dad always told me that anyone's voice is just another instrument added to the music.
