American,Actor
I feel like a lot of people have a hard time finding what they do, or they have a job or career and not a passion. That's miserable for me. Just find your purpose; understand that you have one life to live.
I can't be around someone who is negative because I am such a positive person. If you are mean, then we don't speak.
I like a girl who can be a girl but also ready to play basketball.
If you enjoy yourself, then people will enjoy you.
That's what you have to learn with life. It's your life at the end of the day. There's really no right or wrong way to do things. Everybody has a way they think you should do it. So why not do it your way, you know what I mean, respectfully.
When I'm acting in TV or movies, I'm a character. But when I'm doing music, I'm Trevor Jackson.
Zendaya is a truly supportive friend and has a sweet tooth like I have never seen, ha ha.
I feel like we sometimes let our emotions and anger get in the way.
I know everything that I do is going to be more powerful and touch more people in a positive way than if I go out there and cause havoc.
Most importantly, I don't do music for people to want to be a singer, actor, or dancer. I do it because I love it and I want to show others you can accomplish goals.
I think purpose is the most important thing because once you understand that, everything else becomes easy.
It's weird because if I'm not doing anything, I get antsy. I feel like I always have to be doing something.
If I write a song, I'm gonna end up singing it. If I sing it, I gotta dance to it.
I want to be the Denzel of acting and the Michael Jackson of music.
I love to play any character that isn't close to my personality.
Through my work, I've learned that if I love it, whether it's music, acting or any type of entertainment, I can overcome any of the obstacles that come my way.
There are so many people telling you no, but if you love what you do, no one can stop you.
Before I started writing for myself, I was writing country records, and they were coming out dope.
We're always evolving. It forces us to grow.
You take the job, you learn from it, and you move on.
Girls... they test you, and I don't like that. I don't get it. They do things, and then when you respond, they get mad. It's so confusing, I can't even explain it.
You can't be afraid of rejection. That was one of my problems when I was approaching girls: I was always afraid of what they were going to say to me.
I want to influence the younger generation to know that we have the ability to make a change and bring us all together. Black Lives Matter.
I'm that type of person that if I feel like I'm doing the same thing in life, then I'm stuck. Always gotta be moving and doing something different.
Any project that I put out, I never want it to sound like the first one. It can have some vibes or stuff that matches, but I want it to be growth, progression, and you can't be comfortable when you're growing. If it feels good and it sounds good, it's good.
Kevin Gates is probably the smartest person I've ever worked with. He's cool, he's crazy, but he's genius.
