American,Politician
The reason I like the criminal justice system is there aren't Republican or Democrat victims or police officers or prosecutors. It's about respect for the rule of law!
The notion that the First Amendment has no limitations whatsoever is balderdash.
There's a reason that students don't grade their own papers. There's a reason defendants don't sentence themselves. And there's the reason the State Department doesn't get to investigate itself, determine whether or not it made errors in Benghazi. That is Congress's job.
I'm not searching for ways to tell the District of Columbia what to do.
When you go into public service, you understand you're trading something. You want to feel good about what you do, but you're not going to make what people in private sector make.
I don't think the president had anything to do with Fast and Furious. I'm not sure Eric Holder did, which leads to a conversation about whether he should have known about it.
Unless your name is Jack Bauer, you cannot make people talk.
I don't have an issue with whether - from a legal standpoint, with whether or not government can impose the ultimate punishment on people. We do it in capital cases. Police officers shoot fleeing felons.
It always matters whether or not you can trust your government.
Even someone as lowly as an assistant U.S. attorney has to undergo a background check, and you're asked a series of very invasive questions, and you're expected to tell the truth and they're under penalty of perjury. And you're asked those questions so you can't be blackmailed or extorted.
I suspect that with men like General Petraeus, where honor means something - losing your life is secondary to losing your honor.
There's no way we can get to the bottom of Benghazi without David Petraeus.
You may be less likely to pick on someone if you don't know what's in their briefcase or purse.
I don't like bonuses for public services employees who do great jobs, like prosecutors or judges.
I thought that was the crown jewel of the reporter's resume - to actually go to jail protecting a source.
I cannot and will not raise money on Benghazi. I also advise my colleagues to follow suit.
If you can turn off certain categories of law, do you not also have the power to turn off all categories of law?
Honestly, I have heard a lot in my 16 years as a prosecutor.
I believe being a good senator requires two things. Number one, acumen. Number two, interest.
I do not want to stay in Washington.
For 16 years I spoke in trial metaphors, and perhaps I need to get out of that habit.
What did Republicans get for 16 days of a government shutdown with people being hurt? We have absolutely nothing to show for it, other than a damaged brand.
You don't get John Gotti to testify against his driver. You get the driver to testify against John Gotti.
I listen to Gov. Romney have to apologize because he has been successful.
There's no use to having the majority if you are going to be hamstrung by your perception of political vicissitudes.
It is actually costlier to hire an immigrant. And yet the farm worker is almost invariably an immigrant. You can't pay an American to pick blueberries.
