American,Musician
I wake up each and every day with a smile on my face knowing I get to do something musically.
My whole story is just about me having a second chance.
To me, I'm the epitome of what a ghetto child is: I was raised by a single parent; I stayed in apartments my whole life; I don't think I've ever cut the grass.
I encourage everyone to pay attention to the issues that matter to you, from jobs and the economy, to education and our schools, to criminal justice reform. Whatever it is that you care about, make sure you use your voice.
I just be comfortable in my own skin; I might wear anything.
Hip-hop deals with bragging and braggadocio, being boastful. It's always been about who's got the most money.
I want to be a successful landlord. I like real estate.
In my 8th grade yearbook picture I had on 2 chains.
You need to be your own individual.
I can say sincerely, don't take your voice for granted. It is truly what makes us all equal.
People know I work hard.
I want to challenge myself, challenge my styles.
I don't care what anybody else is wearing. I feel like they're all waiting to see what I have on. If you really want to know the truth, that's what I think. They're waiting to see what I'mma do next.
Entertainment is such a great job to have.
I had incorrectly, for all of my adult life until 2008, believed the biggest voting myth that exists - that ex-felons cannot vote.
As I said, I spent most of my adult life thinking I didn't have a vote, and therefore that what I thought didn't matter.
You know, my uncle wore a lot of jewelry, a lot of gold chains.
My pop did a little time.
I like for people to have fun and that comes out in the music.
I've done a song with almost everybody in the game.
Ludacris is a very smart individual. He's about his business. Everything is business with him. So I learned a lot about making deals from him.
You rarely get money out of labels, except for when they open up a budget for a project. Other than that, it's a do-or-die type thing.
The independent route was the best move for me. But I think I've maximized everything I could do independently. I've done everything out the mixtape market. I think getting the big machine behind you is the next stage when you've maximized the independent level.
I don't have any reasons to be disrespectful or throw anybody under the bus.
I enjoy being in control, having a lot of creative control.
