American,Musician
In general, I'm pretty shy and nervous about a lot of things. For me to get on stage for the first time took so many times at an open mic before I finally got on stage and did it.
I was in high school and I had an independent album out, and we kept sending that out, and I was doing shows. No one really dug it. It was very Americana and had a lot of folk elements in it.
I have come to terms with the fact that it's called pop music - that's what I play, and that is what I write. I think it is a pretty broad category.
I base my roots and history in old blues, old country and old bluegrass, and I like rock 'n' roll, and somehow it all came together, and that is what I am playing now.
'The Storms We Share' has been a project that I've been working on for so long.
Just true to form with life sometimes - what you're trying to do doesn't necessarily work out, but what ends up happening can be a lot better. I just relax and say whatever is going to happen - happens.
Getting on stage, for me, was a huge thing when I first started. And back in high school, everyone was in rock bands and I was a singer/songwriter. It just seems kind of lame.
I was a good student. My mom is a teacher, and her side of the family is all teachers. She put a big emphasis on getting good grades.
I like to read really good books - anything that's really great, whether it's fiction, non-fiction, how-to, or whatever.
I love North Carolina.
I grew up doing theater and music, and in fact, I spent more time doing theater, and I'd do music when I could.
The reason I like doing these acting projects is because no matter how much acting I do, I'll always have music in my life. I love having both.
My favorite part of touring is when I see girls that I've been talking to on my site and then meeting them in person. I can't believe how well the fans get along together. Everyone just seems to be really cool.
When I got signed, I wanted to be involved in a charity, but it was hard because I didn't know which problems to start with.
Kids think books are cool, especially when they see that people they think books are cool are reading.
Most entertainment careers aren't going to end in fame.
My family was all musicians. We jam all the time.
I didn't see myself doing TV. It's time-consuming.
The acting thing is the side benefit of becoming a little bit well known with my music.
Music is what I do naturally.
Whether or not I would be able to be an actor without the music I'm not sure, but I feel pretty lucky to do it.
