American,Athlete
Racism is a sign of ignorance, in my opinion. It's people who haven't been anywhere, haven't seen the world.
How many people have different opinions in this world? Every different person has a different opinion of what that bottle really is or what colour it is. If I say that bottle is clear, there will be someone out there telling me that bottle is green or blue.
I prefer to fight a bigger guy. I don't like fighting smaller guys; they give me problems with their agility.
Nothing has run smoothly with me throughout my life. Everything has had ups and downs and lefts and rights, and that's just the way it has panned out for me, unfortunately.
If ever you want to get rid of somebody you don't want to talk to, just mention God. They're out of there.
I am fighting royalty. I have gypsy kings on both sides of the family.
Goliath was a champion, a monster who had never been beaten, and then this young guy, David, came forward, a child who believed in God and did it.
Every time I stray away from the Lord's word, I find emptiness and darkness.
I do like going to the movies, but I like eating tons of sweets and ice cream, so I can't go to the movies anymore.
My Lord and saviour Jesus Christ does not hate anybody.
Although I think of myself as the greatest heavyweight, I do respect the legends of the past for what they did. But they are not my heroes.
I pray for forgiveness. For help and guidance. To be a better person. For the health of my family. For the world to be a better place.
I'm a unique fighter - one of a kind.
People can say what they want about me. But I've got a big heart and will keep going.
I'm a gypsy: no education, no schooling, nothing. I don't care what people think of me. I don't care about being a hero, a role model, a champion.
I'm not homophobic, I'm not racist. I'm not against any people. All I have for people is love.
Foolish people follow the system, get caught up in media news, what the government wants you to believe and all the higher powers want you to believe, and go down the same path as all the sheep in the cattle market.
My only idol is God, and I kick myself when I don't pray regularly enough.
I've said a lot of stuff in the past, but not with any intentions to hurt anybody. It's all a bit tongue-in-cheek.
Any man who puts a pair of gloves on deserves respect because lots wouldn't dream of it. To get in there and go one-on-one, you need your hand shaking afterwards. Many men wouldn't get involved.
My belief is that my wife should be at home looking after my kids and cooking and cleaning. She's a very privileged woman to have a husband like me. Not everyone's in her position, but the ones who are are very lucky. That's my opinion.
I believe all woman look good in dresses; is that a crime?
I will become the greatest, because all travellers have to be able to adapt. That quality, adaptability, is essential to that way of life. Not many boxers have it but I can adapt before a fight to the opponent, during the fight if necessary.
There are 7 billion people in the world, but there's only one heavyweight champion of the world, and that's me.
All I care about is providing and living every day. I don't care about world titles, being a legend, or being a hero.
My mum had 14 pregnancies - but only four of us survived. We had a little sister born for a few days and she died. There had to be a funeral.
I'm a little bit backward. I didn't really go to school.
Whether someone like Klitschko wins, loses, draws, or gets knocked out in five seconds, he is still a big name.
Wilder is not a big draw in the U.S. He maybe sells 5,000 to 10,000 tickets when he's fighting in his own town for the heavyweight champion.
I don't hate old men but listen when being spoken to.
They are the three venues I wanted to box in - I wasn't really interested in Las Vegas and all of them places. The three I always said was Croke Park, United, and Madison Square Garden.
You can take a man out of Ireland, but you can't take the Irishness out of the man.
Growing up, I was brought up around Irish music, Irish traditions.
There was a lot of politics going on, and Ireland were denied an Olympic gold medal in 2008.
There have been many great fighters like Jake LaMotta, Roberto Duran, and Ricky Hatton. Hatton was a great inside fighter.
As a fan, I like watching fighters rather than boxers.
Watching two men jib and jab for 12 rounds is not entertaining for me. I want action, knockouts, big shots, and people getting up off the canvas. That's my ideal fight.
Good will always prevail over evil. I see that in me versus Klitschko.
I have a nice house, nice cars, nice watches, nice things. I've got money in the bank. I'm not in need of a few quid - as it stands. It's all irrelevant to me.
There are lots of people in the world who have money. Lots of people in Morecambe have money, let alone the world. And Morecambe is quite a small place.
I set out in the beginning to be the heavyweight champion of the world. From a very young age, I was going to be the heavyweight champion of the world. Nothing else was a problem to me. That's what I'll finish doing.
Sometimes emotions can win fights. Sometimes letting your feelings out in a fight can win you the fight. When it means the world to you, it's not just a sports contest - a boxing match for money or belts.
Women have to be pure and respectful.
I've had hundreds of challenges at Traveller gatherings. They get a few beers in them, and they start thinking they are Tyson or Ali: throwing punches, swearing, and jumping around with their big fat bellies. I'd love to knock a few of them out.
My brother Shane and I used to spar with each other in the kitchen. We didn't have gloves, so we wrapped tea towels around our hands.
I've challenged Cain Velasquez to a fight three times. He's a little boy who doesn't want to fight. He said no, live on TV.
I will be dictated to by nobody. I'm the man. And if anyone can prove me wrong, their chance is inside a boxing ring. You don't like it, change the station.
I have not met a man as tall as me who is as quick as me, ever.
I've sparred with lots of people and played around with everybody.
Training's training; boxing's boxing. Everyone does the same kind of stuff: they spar, they train, they do whatever they do to prepare for fights.
I already know what boxers do; I've been in it all my life. I know what they do, and I know how they prepare.
Although there's been a fighter before me called Mike Tyson, I'm my own Tyson. I'm Tyson Fury. I ain't trying to be anybody else.
I don't fight like Mike Tyson. I'm nothing at all like Mike Tyson. I'm out to build my own legacy and not live off anyone else's name.
I just need to count the rounds and count me money afterwards.
I'd like to take a course in writing. I'm not the best writer in the world. I'd like to write more neatly, even though people don't send many handwritten letters these days.
I can fight, but that's the only thing I can do. When it comes to anything other than fighting or talking, I'm not very good.
I don't need David Haye and his antics to earn money.
I have lived in Ireland, visited all my life, and when I fight, I represent Ireland.
All my people are from Ireland. I was born in Manchester, but I am Irish.
I'm a fighting man, a fighting man with generations of fighting men before me in my family. That's all we do: we fight.
As you know, I get a lot of abuse on Twitter. And while I'm abroad on training camp, I train three times a day, often for two hours a time, and I haven't got time to respond to all the people that ask questions.
I'm really excited about my future plans, as I'm doing things differently and currently training like a Trojan in pursuit of becoming heavyweight champion of the world.
My first job was working for my dad. He was a used-car dealer, and I used to wash the cars down, clean them out, and so on. I would do stuff for him pretty much every day. It was quite a good job, to be honest.
I was always quite good at fixing and working with cars. My dad's always dealt cars, and I've always been brought up around them. They're one of the things I've always been interested in.
I could drive from the age of nine. My dad had his car pitch at home, and we used to drive the cars around the land, take them up to the tap, wash them, and reverse them back.
A lot of my friends, when I was 14 or 15, they were all up and down, wanting to go out on a Friday night, and my dad had me working really late on Fridays and Saturday mornings and even on Sunday mornings. And when I'd finished all that, we used to spend the rest of the time talking about boxing.
I've got a tidy chin and a decent punch. And, for people who think they can fight and are champions, I'll make it extremely hard.
It's not about how much money I'm getting paid. It's just a love of one-on-one combat. I feel I'm at home. I love the ring entrances, the talking. I'm the master of it all.
If anyone wants to abuse other people for whatever colour, race or creed they are, then it's just stupidness, isn't it?
I'm looking forward to fighting Chisora, getting him out of the way, and then fighting Klitschko for all the belts, but I don't think Wladimir is going to take the fight.
I'm like the man who is always supposed to fight, but never ends up fighting. He just spends money.
I've not been paid millions of pounds for any fights. I've not made any money out of boxing.
I just want to make money, get on with my life, and be involved in good fights. If I'm not going to be involved in good fights, then what's the point being a boxer?
