American,Actress
I'm lucky to have been raised in the most beautiful place - Amherst, Massachusetts, state of my heart. I'm more patriotic to Massachusetts than to almost any place.
I used to be more paranoid and stressed, constantly worrying about my Plan B. But the truth is I don't have one.
Tall, sandy blonde, with sort of blue eyes, skinny in places, fat in others. An average gal.
I love and adore being a mother. It's the greatest gift I've ever been given.
But I think it is always difficult to have high expectations of yourself or anyone else.
My washing machine overwhelms me with its options and its sophistication.
It is better to have a relationship with someone who cheats on you than with someone who does not flush the toilet.
I would love to do something like Austin Powers to show off my comic timing.
Even, today, when people tell me I'm beautiful, I do not believe a word of it.
When asked if I consider myself Buddhist, the answer is, Not really. But it's more my religion than any other because I was brought up with it in an intellectual and spiritual environment. I don't practice or preach it, however.
Before I had my child, I thought I knew all the boundaries of myself, that I understood the limits of my heart. It's extraordinary to have all those limits thrown out, to realize your love is inexhaustible.
For a writer, they say write what you know. As a performer, you find it in yourself, in your heart. You relate to the character. You try to live it, try to have it be real for you.
Desperation is the perfume of the young actor. It's so satisfying to have gotten rid of it. If you keep smelling it, it can drive you crazy. In this business a lot of people go nuts, go eccentric, even end up dead from it. Not my plan.
I spent the first fourteen years of my life convinced that my looks were hideous. Adolescence is painful for everyone, I know, but mine was plain weird.
Fun wouldn't be the right word... it was the most difficult, challenging, physical, extraordinary stretch I've ever had to make, in all those wild regards.
I had to go to a mirror and look at it. I couldn't picture myself in my own head. I had no image beyond a stick figure. I wasn't a mean person as a kid, or dumb, and something has to be said to justify excluding you.
Modeling is basically 'Buy more stuff! Don't you want some more stuff? It will make you look ten years younger and men will like you!' If I'd wanted to be a salesperson, I would have got a job selling.
It's hard sometimes if you think a character should look a certain way and you're being pushed to do it differently. I've had fights over that. That's why it's so important that you work with good people.
Buddhism has had a major effect on who I am and how I think about the world. What I have learned is that I like all religions, but only parts of them.
I grew up in a mostly Buddhist environment.
I was not particularly bright, I wasn't very athletic, I was a little too tall, odd, funny looking, I was just really weird as a kid.
I'm very happy at home. I love to just hang out with my daughter, I love to work in my garden. I'm not a gaping hole of need.
We never left a set until we'd trashed it.
I was an escapee of childhood. I always wanted to grow up.
I've learned that every working mom is a superwoman.
There are so many ebbs and flows in life, but when you're raising small children, your family means everything.
