American,Actress
Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do.
My first real kiss came when I was 10, and it was in an acting class. I had to do a scene from a movie where someone gets kissed under a tree, and I did not want to do it! But my acting partner wanted me to feel comfortable, so he bought a picnic basket with all these snacks. He made such an effort - and it was cute.
Exercise is amazing, from the inside out. I feel so alive and have more energy.
I don't like being stagnant. I want to continue to grow and just be better at what I do, and the only way to do that is to keep stepping outside of your comfort zone.
Do not just look at your boyfriend as just a boyfriend. Look at him as a friend, too.
Long-distance relationships are hard no matter what. When you don't have face-to-face time, it's just different.
I don't go long without eating. I never starve myself: I grab a healthy snack.
You have to be able to love yourself because that's when things fall into place.
You have a choice whether you want to be happy or not. I choose to be happy.
I get to go to all these beautiful places, so it's nice being able to take pictures of it.
I may have had a crush on Zac, but we are like brother and sister, so nothing would ever happen.
I'm really an outdoorsy girl. People think I can't go anywhere without getting all primped up, but I love to go camping, and I'm totally fine with not doing my hair or makeup, not taking a shower and just hiking.
If people don't like me for whatever I do, for being me, then that's too bad. I don't want to change to be something that I'm not for other people to like me.
Touring is tough. You're almost in a haze because you don't really know where you are half the time: You're in a hotel room one moment, and the next thing you know, you're onstage performing for 60,000 people, then you're back on an airplane. It's very hectic and I couldn't do it without my family.
I like egg white omelets with veggies, or oatmeal with almonds and fruit.
I try not to read the blogs or what people say about me. Because that's what brings everybody down - no matter what you do, you're always going to have haters.
I love and really respect strong women. I'm obsessed with Scarlett Johansson and Drew Barrymore and Penelope Cruz. They are just really incredibly strong-willed, intelligent females in the industry.
I am human like everyone else. I am aware that there are people who look up to me. When mistakes are made, they aren't intentional, and I constantly push myself to be a better person.
I've always had problems with guys!
Confidence is key. Sometimes, you need to look like you're confident even when you're not.
My advice to kids is give it your all! Give it 110 percent and don't give up!
I just lip gloss! It doesn't matter if it's $2 or $30.
I just love expanding my horizons and growing as an artist. The only way you get to do that is by doing something that scares you or takes you out of your comfort zone.
I had my first real kiss at Magic Mountain on a park bench. Not the most romantic thing ever.
I try to live my life, do what I want, and just let everything else follow along.
I love funky styles. Not preppy or rock, just funky!
Good boys are nice - don't go for the bad ones!
A good amount of the guys wanted to date me. Even older guys looking at me. It took some getting used to.
I was so unhealthy. I used to go to 'Cold Stone Creamery,' get a tub of Butterfinger ice cream, and eat it all before bedtime. And my fingers were permanently stained orange from Cheetos.
When you're putting good stuff into your body, you feel so much better.
My style is boho chic. I love that time period - the patterns, the prints, the people, the music, the vibe.
I'm not good with catty girls. I'm too laid-back.
I'm becoming more adventurous.
When I was younger, I used to be super, super shy. I still find myself being scared of things.
I want to try doing sportier things, kite surfing and paddle surfing - I think it would give me that extra confidence.
I want to go to Morocco really bad.
I feel like acting is something I've been working towards longer. And it would be great to win a Grammy, of course, but for some reason, an Oscar speaks more to me.
I love Cameron Diaz, and I love Drew Barrymore.
I really do try to watch everything I say. Because one little tiny slip, and it's like the world is coming to an end!
I do always have a wall up. But I feel by doing it, I keep myself safe.
I love children. They're so much fun and I would have a blast spoiling them.
I hope by the time I'm 30 to have a husband and maybe a baby.
My mum and I do cardio kickboxing classes together.
If you're always worried about being on your phone, then you really are missing out on everything that's happening in front of you.
I love finding things that scare me and doing them. That's how you grow.
That's actually how my parents met. They were pen pals. My mom was in the Philippines and my father was in the States, and they wrote to each other. He went out to meet her, and they wed not too long after.
It's important to have people around who love themselves, are true to themselves, who have their own hobbies and their world doesn't revolve around Hollywood. I can always go to my family with any doubts or questions I may have.
My heart is closer to acting than singing. It's always been that way.
I try to not read about myself. I think it's easier to have it out of sight and out of mind.
I had a gypsy upbringing, so I moved around all over the place and can't remember a street I grew up on.
I have a toy poodle, Shadow. She's a little whippersnapper! And I love little monkeys.
Violence has been a part of films since the beginning of time. It's been a form of entertainment.
I did ask Matt Damon for his autograph - and I got a picture, too!
I always used to watch 'Labyrinth' and 'The Neverending Story.' Those were like my two favorite movies that I would watch over and over and over again.
I love doing theater. That's where my home is.
I used to go to Cold Stone Creamery, get a tub of Butterfinger ice cream, and eat it all before bedtime. And my fingers were permanently stained orange from Cheetos.
