American,Actress
I'm part wood nymph. I require mountains and warm, dense patches of moss to thrive.
I love Saturday nights with my best friend and a big bowl of pasta, wanting a good scare, something that will say, 'Listen, your life is not as bad as this. Your life can be so much worse.'
There are women who make things better, there are women who change things, there are women who make things happen, who make a difference. I want to be one of those women.
Sometimes I attract roles that are necessary either for personal growth or enlightenment.
Someone once told me that religion is like a knife: You can stab someone with it, or you can slice bread with it.
Editing is not a part of the filmmaking process I've ever been privy to as an actress.
Your soul either feels lifted by something that you read, or it feels squashed by it.
I've always believed that if you are precise in your thoughts, it's not the lines you say that are important - it's what exists between the lines. What I'm compelled by most is that transparency of thought, what is left unspoken.
In the quiet moments, the discoveries are made.
Music is what our feelings sound like.
I think maybe I was a shepherdess in a past life.
The biggest research of all when I do a character is self-examination. You look at yourself and you ask, 'How am I similar to this person and how am I different?'
In these times, in this harsh, rude, warring world that we live in, where most of the bloodshed is 'My god is greater than your god,' and we're fighting in the name of our god, we have to find a way to peaceably coexist, spiritually.
I have the best husband a wife could possibly have. He's the best father my children could have.
Editing yourself is like an irksome coin toss. You've got to strip yourself of super ego and operate from the id. Maybe I've got my Freud mixed up. It's just hard to trade a beauty shot for the performance with truth and a brightly lit zit.
Ruminants are a perfectly normal thing to possess when you live in upstate New York. It's just moving scenery. It's kind of like the equivalent of Great Danes. It's the way you keep your grass mowed. It's the way you keep your weed-whacking to a minimum.
I don't necessarily need Hollywood.
You don't have to be gay to be attracted to your friend.
There's no wrong way to experience a film.
I think the worst thing that can happen to a good actor is fame.
I have tender, romantic associations with upstate New York.
I am drawn to intimate, often uncomfortable portraits of a woman persevering and awakening.
My father instilled in me - of utmost importance and innate in me is the yearning to determine for myself - to define God, to define holiness for myself.
I've played a lot of mothers in my movies.
It's true: I don't remember what life was like before parenthood.
Offers come all the time, but I'm pretty particular. I really have to be wowed by a character I encounter in a script, or a storyline. I really do need to feel inspiration, otherwise I'm just happy planting perennials and making goat cheese.
You ought to have a perspective when you're making a film.
I'm from the school of, 'if you want more, you have to require more from yourself.'
I can't get my knickers in a twist about my age and ageing in an industry that caters to the ids of 14-year-olds.
I look for struggle in the roles I choose - struggle and perseverance.
I chase after inspiring stories.
I think that films about faith made for faith-based communities have a certain tactic.
I'm saying that the depth of exploration of the male psyche and the female psyche is uneven. I see further, deeper renderings of what it means to be a man.
Do I pray? Yes. Prayer is very important to me.
You don't necessarily have to be religious to pray.
I, for one, am tired of seeing movies about men damaging each other.
Doubt is the middle position between knowledge and ignorance. It encompasses cynicism but also genuine questioning.
The Ukrainian community is tight-knit by nature.
Am I ambitious? I used to be afraid of that word but now I think ambition is a good thing.
The more people know about you, the more face-time you get in the media, the harder your job becomes to create a character in whom people suspend disbelief.
Honestly, I think a good film is spiritual, regardless of whether its subject is faith.
My only real advice to Oscar nominees is, 'If you haven't actually seen a competitor's film, don't fib and say you have and blow smoke up their wahooziewhatsits.' Always best to be frank and tell them the truth.
I'm hooked on Polanski's films, his psychological thrillers. I love 'Rosemary's Baby,' I love 'Repulsion.'
I love to be surprised.
I didn't grow up watching film but as a Ukrainian-American, music and stories and dance are crucial.
We take a lot for granted as second wave feminists, what our mothers and aunts did for us.
I was a Ukrainian folk dancer in my teens, and I toured the country in 1991, shortly before the break-up of the Soviet Union.
