American,Athlete
I never dreamed about being a millionaire - I dreamed about being a football player.
At the end of the day, there are people out there that want to see you fail.
There's only one life. There's no repeats. You only get one life, and you gotta take advantage of it.
It was definitely some tough moments throughout my life, but I kind of stayed focused and came through the other end of the tunnel.
I was always the type of person that whenever I started something I finished it. And, I was always held accountable for my actions.
In the city, a lot of crime happens, a lot of violence happens from time to time.
I just want to continue to play football and be myself.
I was afraid I would see someone from my past who thought I was this big athlete, and then I end up being just normal.
When I was young, it wasn't about the money, it wasn't about the fame and fortune, it was about playing football.
I've had the same barber since I was about 14 years old.
You have to think about your image and how you want people to view you. And if it becomes too much, people will get kind of tired of you.
I'm focused on football; focused on my family right now.
Growing up in Paterson wasn't the easiest thing.
I didn't have outstanding numbers coming out of college and I'm not 6'6 with 230 lbs.
My mom and my father's birthday are on the same day.
I don't need any nicknames.
I kinda wanted to play receiver more.
My mom lived by herself with two kids. Sacrifice was the name of the game at our house.
I can just sense some eyes, some people kinda stare a little bit like they recognize me but don't quite know for sure kinda thing.
I always have to have a six pack or twelve pack of Entenmann's doughnuts in my house, no other brand.
My first year of college was tough. I thought that just being an athlete I could get by. I thought I was okay until I got kicked out, which happened twice.
My mom was dying for me to write a book, she was my biggest advocate.
I definitely want to teach my daughter Spanish.
I couldn't care less about what anybody else has to say.
I want to win championships.
I want to win football games.
