American,Activist
Suffrage is a common right of citizenship. Women have the right of suffrage. Logically it cannot be escaped.
I do not shake hands from a sanitary standpoint.
Why is a woman to be treated differently? Woman suffrage will succeed, despite this miserable guerilla opposition.
Is it fair to treat a woman worse than a man, and then revile her because she is a woman?
I am a free lover. I have an inalienable, constitutional and natural right to love whom I may, to love as long or short a period as I can; to change that love every day if I please.
When I found I had given birth to a human wreckage, to a child that was an imbecile, my heart was broken.
Rude contact with facts chased my visions and dreams quickly away, and in their stead I beheld the horrors, the corruption, the evils and hypocrisy of society, and as I stood among them, a young wife, a great wail of agony went out from my soul.
Let women issue a declaration of independence sexually, and absolutely refuse to cohabit with men until they are acknowledged as equals in everything, and the victory would be won in a single week.
If Congress refuse to listen to and grant what women ask, there is but one course left then to pursue. What is there left for women to do but to become the mothers of the future government?
I come before you to declare that my sex are entitled to the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
While others prayed for the good time coming, I worked for it.
My judges preach against free love openly, practice it secretly.
It makes no difference who or what you are, old or young, black or white, pagan, Jew, or Christian, I want to love you all and be loved by you all, and I mean to have your love.
For a woman to consider a financial question was shuddered over as a profanity.
I shall not change my course because those who assume to be better than I desire it.
The women of the country have the power in their own hands, in spite of the law and the government being altogether of the male order.
Women have no government.
Woman, no less than man, can qualify herself for the more onerous occupations of life.
To go behind a man's hall-door is mean, cowardly, unfair opposition.
My opinions and principles are subjects of just criticism. I put myself before the public voluntarily.
If women would today would rise en masse and demand their emancipation, the men would be compelled to grant it.
I would like above any other place to go to Hartford. I want to face the conservatism there centered and compel it into decency.
I now announce myself as candidate for the Presidency. I anticipate criticism; but however unfavorable I trust that my sincerity will not be called into question.
I endeavor to make the most of everything.
I ask the rights to pursue happiness by having a voice in that government to which I am accountable.
I and others of my sex find ourselves controlled by a form of government in the inauguration of which we had no voice.
