American,Celebrity
As long as you live keep smiling because it brightens everybody's day.
Statistics are used much like a drunk uses a lamppost: for support, not illumination.
Almost all of us growing up have played baseball on some level. It has an inside track with people. It has a unifying effect.
Andre Dawson has a bruised knee and is listed as day-to-day. Aren't we all?
It's a wonderful feeling being a bridge to the past and unite generations.
I guess my thermometer for my baseball fever is still a goose bump.
Don't let the winds blow your dreams away... or steal your faith in God.
Good is not good when better is expected.
I'm going to sit back, light up, and hope I don't chew the cigarette to pieces.
The roar of the crowd has always been the sweetest music. It's intoxicating.
On radio, you're in your own little world. Every time I'd be doing a possible no-hitter - I think I've done something like 25 no-hitters and a couple of perfect games - I would always put the date on the tape. Not for me, but for the player, so that 25 or 30 years later when he's playing it for his kids or grandkids, you have that date.
The game is just one long conversation, and I'm anticipating that, and I will say things like 'Did you know that?' or 'You're probably wondering why.' I'm really just conversing rather than just doing play-by-play. I never thought of myself as having a style. I don't use key words. And the best thing I do? I shut up.
It's easier to pick off a fast runner than to pick off a lazy runner.
Losing feels worse than winning feels good.
When I was very small, maybe 8 years old, we had a big radio that stood on four legs, and it had a cross piece underneath it, and I used to take a pillow and crawl under the radio.
If I categorized home runs that I've seen, without a doubt the monumental one is Henry's... but I've seen a lot of classic, great home runs. Gibson's was probably the most theatrical home run I've ever seen.
I really love baseball. The guys and the game, and I love the challenge of describing things. The only thing I hate - and I know you have to be realistic and pay the bills in this life - is the loneliness on the road.
Thank you for sneaking your transistor under the pillow as you grew up loving the Tigers. God has a new adventure for me.
It's a great time of the year... if you can stand it.
You can almost taste the pressure now.
If I can get a story about a player, I would give you a ship load of numbers, batting averages and all just for that one precious story. That's the kind of thing that I love to do.
I've told several writers this, and, again, I get back to it, but if you want to make God smile, tell him your plans.
It's a wonderful feeling to be a bridge to the past and to unite generations. The sport of baseball does that, and I am just a part of it.
I don't like to be alone, but I do cherish the moments that I'm alone with a good book.
To be honest, I've never been interested in how many games I've done and seen. It doesn't mean anything to anybody. All I know is I'm eternally grateful for having been allowed to work so many games.
That really is my trademark. Day to day, week in, week out. If something happens and the crowd roars, I shut up.
