American,Entertainer
I think there are certain business matters which we must now conduct differently than we used to.
In America it's live by the sword of freedom of expression and be will to die by it as well.
I understand the common man because I understand me in that regard at least.
I have to do something with my mind, or I'll get in trouble.
I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.
The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public, there is no bigger thrill than that.
I'm a real common sense guy who caught a lot of good breaks and who has been very, very fortunate.
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.
I'm excited about it, thrilled with the success thus far.
The Rock will always come back to us.
It's difficult to do that internally, because you're flying five, six hours.
In Europe we could do it, if we fly as soon as the event is over.
The key, of course, is to stay away from the losing years.
As far as sustaining our popularity, I believe we can.
I believe that given the audience attention level, we could do an even more compelling 90 minutes.
We do have our finger on the pulse of the marketplace, if for no other reasons than having all these live events and listening to our audience all the time.
So no, I don't think we've lost our edge at all.
When I'm on vacation here in the States, I can do all kinds of stuff; I can train and keep busy.
I'm not too good at lying still in the sun.
I would dare say that most anyone in public life, if they stay in public long enough, is not treated fairly.
That crossover of whether it's entertainment or news is the biggest crock of b.s. in television today, because it's all entertainment.
I think that the Internet - and I do love the free flow of ideas on the 'Net - is like the wild west of the information world.
One of the problems with the Internet is that a lot of times it is inaccurate.
The standards are being lowered, not just on the Internet, but in all of news and media.
So, I get a kick out of working with the media.
We love our fans, so there's nothing we wouldn't do for them, and we go directly to t hem.
