American,Actor
To me the definition of true masculinity - and femininity, too - is being able to lay in your own skin comfortably.
It's pretty simple, pretty obvious: that people's first impressions of people are really a big mistake.
But the one thing that I did do was establish myself as a good actor.
The search for the truth is not for the faint hearted.
I learned a lot from Dick Wolf. I'll always remember playing that character because it was such a good character. It was great to be able to be a character like that for television. I think the thing that I'll bring from the whole experience, the whole 10 years, is I had never been interested in the television business before.
I am a method actor, but I'm also a film actor as well as a method actor. Characters that don't have humility, whether they are heroes or villains, are hard to relate to. All characters in every aspect of what we do should have humility. If they don't, then they're a cartoon character.
What kind of recognition do I deserve? I don't deserve any recognition.
And I have been able to establish this sort of decent reputation as being a decent character actor.
I'll be working the rest of my life because I'm a character actor and don't have to worry about box office.
The only thing I do worry about is that the more films I do the more visible I am going to become as a personality because of press and because of the sheer quantity of films.
Like De Niro. He's one of the best character actors we have ever had.
The more you are known, the more difficult it is to hide behind characters.
This haunting idea of becoming a celebrity doesn't settle well with me at all.
Then I did Mystic Pizza, just to do something I wasn't fat in.
With Altman, he does discuss everything with you, but then leaves you to it and gives you full rein and lets you improvise and create a character while the camera is rolling.
Look, all you can do when you find your niche is go with it.
If you try to go beyond your interests just for the sake of pretensions or wealth, your art becomes less legitimate.
I found my niche as a character actor, and I've never felt like a movie star or teen idol and never wanted to.
I've never tried to be something I'm not.
No, I knew when I was doing theater in New York that this was what I was supposed to be doing.
And then, as the years went on, I just kept moving along, busting into doors and getting roles, until I started to actually believe that what these other people were saying was true.
I think that being a producer is business and being an actor is art.
My partner Dan Ireland wants me to direct, and I read a lot of scripts - some good enough that I could see myself. But then it's like, so what? Who cares? Let someone else direct it.
People who are extremely inside their head, like he was, are caught in a neurosis that goes round and round. Then something will hook them and take them to their end and they can't control it.
The Whole Wide World is the first movie I've ever produced.
When I was younger I used to pick things just to face the fear.
When you look at people, you should look at more than what you see on the surface; you should try to find a soul.
Until I got 'Full Metal Jacket,' I was doing Off-Off-Broadway plays with three people in the audience.
I guess I say this for younger actors out there: you have to be brave, and you have to be ready to fail, and that's the only way you can be unique. So when a director is confident enough in what they're doing, and they allow their actors to be brave and bring in stuff, the more likely it's going to work out okay.
Doing 'Law & Order' for so long, my fan base was, like, men and women my age, and then doing 'Daredevil', my whole audience has changed. It's cool.
I did a film called 'Fire with Fire.'
When I played Robert Howard in 'The Whole Wide World', I was struggling with it. There's this dual thing where you feel real good about being able to play this juicy part, and then there's constant shame: 'Who am I to pretend to know who this guy was? Who am I to represent this guy for people who never knew him?'
I'm not gonna play a part that doesn't instill some kind of fear in me. If I read a part, and suddenly, I'm thinking halfway through, 'I'm not sure I could get away with this,' I think of everything I can think of to keep me from doing it, that's the one I should do.
When I did 'The Cell' - no matter what you think of that movie, because I have my opinions of it too - it was, you know, I still have nightmares from the research that I did. Not from playing the part, just from the research.
