American,Coach
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.
Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect.
Football is a great deal like life in that it teaches that work, sacrifice, perseverance, competitive drive, selflessness and respect for authority is the price that each and every one of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall.
Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
Winning is not a sometime thing; it's an all the time thing. You don't win once in a while... you don't do things right once in a while... you do them right all the time. Winning is habit.
If you can accept losing, you can't win.
We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious.
Mental toughness is spartanism with qualities of sacrifice, self-denial, dedication. It is fearlessness, and it is love.
Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort, which is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
Teamwork is what the Green Bay Packers were all about. They didn't do it for individual glory. They did it because they loved one another.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Some people try to find things in this game that don't exist but football is only two things - blocking and tackling.
There is no room for second place. There is only one place in my game and that is first place. I have finished second twice in my time at Green Bay and I never want to finish second again.
The will to win is the only thing.
Nobody wants to give up good players.
Why did I choose Washington among offers from other cities? Because it is the capital of the world.
I'll put the Packers' best players on defense. It's best for a team and good for its morale.
The difference between men is in energy, in the strong will, in the settled purpose and in the invincible determination.
Every time a football player goes to ply his trade, he's got to play from the ground up - from the soles of his feet right up to his head. Every inch of him has to play.
They'd better be physically tough when they start pulling on their football pants.
If you're lucky enough to find a guy with a lot of head and a lot of heart, he's never going to come off the field second.
At many a moment on many a day, I am convinced that pro football must be a game for madmen, and I must be one of them.
I've never been with a losing team in my life, and I don't think I'll start now.
We run to win, not just to be in the race.
