American,Entertainer
I like to be dressy casual. I wear jeans and nice sneakers. I wear nice clothes, but not super dressed up. I don't wear too much jewelry. I keep it simple and maybe wear just a little chain.
For me, it's all about the haircut. I don't have a lot of hair to style, so I keep it nice and fresh and tight. I actually go to the barbershop every five days. As soon as your haircut is on point, you have to make sure your outfit is fully ironed, you smell good, and you have clean sneakers on. Pretty much the head-to-toe look.
The root of the problem I have is anxiety, and it's all derived from something - I'm just going to say it, some kind of sadness. It manifests in so many different ways and it affects people differently.
I'm definitely suspicious of girls. I've been suspicious of girls my whole life, though, so it's not anything new.
Nobody wants to be a lawyer - it's hard work. But it was kind of my academic route.
I'm an artistic kind of person. I draw. I've drawn my whole life. When you have an imaginative mind, I think the artistic form manifests itself in different ways. When I was younger, I used to draw murals for people.
I was a huge Spice Girls fan when I was a kid. When I was younger I had a Spice Girls poster on my wall and I watched the movie.
It helps me when I help people.
When I look for self-help books for myself, I used to be scared that I was going to pick up a book that would depress me even more.
I've always been more natural at doing hosting things: reading teleprompters, taking direction and asking questions... I'm actually able to perform a little bit.
My house has always been like everyone's house. You walk in, you're a part of the family, no matter who you are, what celebrity status you are, everyone is treated the same - with love from my mom.
My mom's gonna be the biggest star - mark my words right now!
I look up to Jimmy Fallon. He hosts talk shows as a fan himself, and that's how I do it. When the celebrities come in, I'm excited that they're there. It's not just like a formal, 'Hey, how are ya?' It's like, 'Dude, what the hell! So happy to see you!' That's what Jimmy Fallon does every time.
My mother's my biggest supporter.
You never really see me acting a fool on TV.
I've always been in school plays and performing monologues and taking drama. Now I'm in acting classes. I do it the real way. I want to be a working actor. I would love that. I just like being on a series and having a script, and I want that to be my nine-to-five.
I graduated from CUNY College of Staten Island with a 3.9 GPA in three and a half years.
I enjoy painting and can copy almost anything.
I am fascinated by quantum physics.
I took the LSAT the day 'Jersey Shore' premiered, and after that I was too busy to go to law school.
I have been doing acting my whole life. I did plays in high school. I take it pretty seriously. I used to do a lot of Shakespeare and Shakespearean festivals and monologues.
I made my drama teacher cry. I only took drama to get out of writing papers in English and the teacher was this thespian Broadway geek and here I was this Italian guy from Staten Island and I would put her in tears.
People think for Shakespeare you have to have a big English accent, but it's not true. He designed it so it can be performed in any accent in any time period.
I would love a recurring role on '90210.' I would say yes to just about any role in acting that doesn't tarnish my image.
Partying isn't every aspect to my personality.
I was always the lead role in plays. I like entertaining people. I like when you're on stage doing crazy stuff and the audience gets it.
