American,Novelist
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.
Life is a great sunrise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one.
Complacency is a state of mind that exists only in retrospective: it has to be shattered before being ascertained.
Satire is a lesson, parody is a game.
I think it is all a matter of love: the more you love a memory, the stronger and stranger it is.
The more gifted and talkative one's characters are, the greater the chances of their resembling the author in tone or tint of mind.
Nothing is more exhilarating than philistine vulgarity.
Imagination, the supreme delight of the immortal and the immature, should be limited. In order to enjoy life, we should not enjoy it too much.
The pages are still blank, but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there, written in invisible ink and clamoring to become visible.
The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness.
Existence is a series of footnotes to a vast, obscure, unfinished masterpiece.
Caress the detail, the divine detail.
All my stories are webs of style and none seems at first blush to contain much kinetic matter. For me style is matter.
Revelation can be more perilous than Revolution.
Poetry involves the mysteries of the irrational perceived through rational words.
I have often noticed that after I had bestowed on the characters of my novels some treasured item of my past, it would pine away in the artificial world where I had so abruptly placed it.
The evolution of sense is, in a sense, the evolution of nonsense.
There is only one school of literature - that of talent.
There are aphorisms that, like airplanes, stay up only while they are in motion.
Style and Structure are the essence of a book; great ideas are hogwash.
To play safe, I prefer to accept only one type of power: the power of art over trash, the triumph of magic over the brute.
My loathings are simple: stupidity, oppression, crime, cruelty, soft music.
There is nothing in the world that I loathe more than group activity, that communal bath where the hairy and slippery mix in a multiplication of mediocrity.
Nothing revives the past so completely as a smell that was once associated with it.
A writer should have the precision of a poet and the imagination of a scientist.
A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.
