American,Comedian
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon.
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
No doubt exists that all women are crazy; it's only a question of degree.
Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake.
I once spent a year in Philadelphia, I think it was on a Sunday.
Remember, a dead fish can float downstream, but it takes a live one to swim upstream.
The clever cat eats cheese and breathes down rat holes with baited breath.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bull.
The laziest man I ever met put popcorn in his pancakes so they would turn over by themselves.
A woman drove me to drink and I didn't even have the decency to thank her.
I never drink water. I'm afraid it will become habit-forming.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
Hell, I never vote for anybody, I always vote against.
I like to keep a bottle of stimulant handy in case I see a snake, which I also keep handy.
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.
There are only two real ways to get ahead today - sell liquor or drink it.
I never vote for anyone. I always vote against.
Ah, the patter of little feet around the house. There's nothing like having a midget for a butler.
Once, during Prohibition, I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water.
It was a woman who drove me to drink, and I never had the courtesy to thank her for it.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
Never cry over spilt milk, because it may have been poisoned.
Never try to impress a woman, because if you do she'll expect you to keep up the standard for the rest of your life.
Set up another case bartender! The best thing for a case of nerves is a case of Scotch.
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philidelphia.
I must have a drink of breakfast.
Some things are better than sex, and some are worse, but there's nothing exactly like it.
Some weasel took the cork out of my lunch.
Women are like elephants. I like to look at 'em, but I wouldn't want to own one.
The world is getting to be such a dangerous place, a man is lucky to get out of it alive.
I always keep a supply of stimulant handy in case I see a snake, which I also keep handy.
The cost of living has gone up another dollar a quart.
I never met a kid I liked.
Here lies W. C. Fields. I would rather be living in Philadelphia.
Children should neither be seen or heard from - ever again.
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.
