American,Writer
I'm not afraid of werewolves or vampires or haunted hotels, I'm afraid of what real human beings to do other real human beings.
The Internet offers an interesting combination of advertising and community by participating in the community you can become an advertisement for yourself.
It's a tough job to tell a story when the audience already knows the ending, and the ending is bleak.
Science fiction readers probably have the gene for novelty, and seem to enjoy a cascade of invention as much as a writer enjoys providing one.
Genre labels are useful only insofar as they help you find an audience.
If you can find collaborators whose strengths compliment your own, the result can be more than the sum of its authors.
I was pretty much grown-up by the time I attended school in Britain - or as grown-up as I'll ever get.
An SF author who reads only SF will have little new to contribute, but someone with a broader experience will bring more to the table.
I wanted to be an author for as long as I can remember.
Being a writer was never a choice, it was an irresistible compulsion.
I now have to find a reason to write, every single day.
Now I have to motivate myself much more than I had previously.
For every SF reader of that period, Robert A. Heinlein was also a touchstone.
I went to college, though I didn't take many writing courses.
I found college useful for a lot of other reasons. It exposed me to a great many influences I wouldn't otherwise have encountered, and gave me a lot of time with some very intelligent people whose thoughts are still with me.
When state and religion are one, religion becomes a means for the powerful to remain in power.
How long it takes to write a book depends on its length.
The Rift, which was well over a thousand pages of manuscript, took two years.
I've experienced writer's block, but never for more than a few days.
I've learned that I get blocked when my subconscious mind is telling me that I've taken the work in a wrong direction, and that once I start listening to what my subconscious is trying to tell me, I can work out the problem and get moving again.
I can't speak for the other authors, but what I hoped to achieve was to illuminate certain corners of the Lucas universe that hadn't yet been explored.
Even if you only want to write science fiction, you should also read mysteries, poetry, mainstream literature, history, biography, philosophy, and science.
Everything that you read is an influence on everything you write, and you want to draw as many elements into your work as you can.
Try to meet as many authors, agents, and editors as you can.
I'm in favor of any technology that makes my work available to the reading public at a reasonable price.
The mass-market paperback, for one, is too expensive.
