American,Poet
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
Simplicity is the glory of expression.
Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.
Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.
I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars.
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
Re-examine all that you have been told... dismiss that which insults your soul.
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends.
Be curious, not judgmental.
Whatever satisfies the soul is truth.
To me, every hour of the day and night is an unspeakably perfect miracle.
Viewed freely, the English language is the accretion and growth of every dialect, race, and range of time, and is both the free and compacted composition of all.
Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturbed.
The beautiful uncut hair of graves.
I exist as I am, that is enough.
There is no week nor day nor hour when tyranny may not enter upon this country, if the people lose their roughness and spirit of defiance.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
We convince by our presence.
The future is no more uncertain than the present.
The beauty of independence, departure, actions that rely on themselves.
Do I contradict myself? Very well, then I contradict myself, I am large, I contain multitudes.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
I accept reality and dare not question it.
Stranger, if you passing meet me and desire to speak to me, why should you not speak to me? And why should I not speak to you?
To die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.
Freedom - to walk free and own no superior.
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
The United States themselves are essentially the greatest poem.
The real war will never get in the books.
All faults may be forgiven of him who has perfect candor.
I heard what was said of the universe, heard it and heard it of several thousand years; it is middling well as far as it goes - but is that all?
To the real artist in humanity, what are called bad manners are often the most picturesque and significant of all.
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.
The whole theory of the universe is directed unerringly to one single individual.
Henceforth I ask not good fortune. I myself am good fortune.
The genius of the United States is not best or most in its executives or legislatures, nor in its ambassadors or authors or colleges, or churches, or parlors, nor even in its newspapers or inventors, but always most in the common people.
After you have exhausted what there is in business, politics, conviviality, and so on - have found that none of these finally satisfy, or permanently wear - what remains? Nature remains.
O public road, I say back I am not afraid to leave you, yet I love you, you express me better than I can express myself.
And whoever walks a furlong without sympathy walks to his own funeral drest in his shroud.
And there is no trade or employment but the young man following it may become a hero.
There is no object so soft but it makes a hub for the wheeled universe.
Other lands have their vitality in a few, a class, but we have it in the bulk of our people.
Whoever degrades another degrades me, And whatever is done or said returns at last to me.
Here or henceforward it is all the same to me, I accept Time absolutely.
I say that democracy can never prove itself beyond cavil, until it founds and luxuriantly grows its own forms of art, poems, schools, theology, displacing all that exists, or that has been produced anywhere in the past, under opposite influences.
Let that which stood in front go behind, let that which was behind advance to the front, let bigots, fools, unclean persons, offer new propositions, let the old propositions be postponed.
Behold I do not give lectures or a little charity, When I give I give myself.
