American,Actor
I really believe that when you're playing a character that everything is contained in the script. If I'm pulling from things from my own life, then I think I'm being disingenuous to the character and the story.
I wrote about wasting time, which I suppose is a part of the great human journey. We're supposed to wallow, to go through the desert without water for a long time so that when we finally drink it, we'll truly need it and we won't spill a drop. It's about being present.
I quite like antiques. I like things that are old and the history they bring with them. I would rather fly to Morocco on an $800 ticket and buy a chair for $300 than spend $1,100 on one at Pottery Barn.
The life of a character doesn't just exist between action and cut.
My heroes are Robert Duvall, Forest Whitaker, Ed Harris, Tommy Lee Jones, Anthony Hopkins and Sean Penn.
I don't take a scene or word for granted.
I think I'm much too earnest to be as cool as 'Boyd Crowder'.
'The Portrait of Dorian Grey' beautifully articulates how the altruistic part of ourselves clashes with our essentially narcissistic state.
I'm drawn to villains that are three-dimensional and raw and that I can kind of see in my own life.
You know, I'm from the South, and I wasn't interested in perpetuating a stereotypical southern character.
Like everybody, I've had a lot of pain in my life and I'm a work in progress. You must have a true desire to see the world from a different point of view, and that comes with growing up.
I do not have the angst and the anxiety of my youth. I've gotten to a place where I'm very comfortable with who I am.
Whenever you show up on a set where you haven't been from the beginning - at least myself - I'm kind of quiet. I just watch the politics and how everything unfolds.
I like storytelling, and I feel more confident as the years have gone on about my ability to do that.
I listen to music cinematically. I think about music and how it would make me feel when it's put to an image, a moving image, and I love it.
But probably my favorite music, believe it or not, is sad music.
I'm not good at telling a joke, but I can say a line in a certain way that makes people uncomfortable because they don't know whether to laugh or not, and I love that comedy.
No, but there are people I grew up with from the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains that would give any person on 'Justified' a run for their money in the scary department.
I try to leave a light footprint. I'm involved with Global Green, which aims to educate people about sustainable building and the greening of schools. I try to be aware about the consumption of unnecessary things in a consumptive culture.
I aimlessly travel, meaning I have no agenda other than to get small in the world, be quiet and observe people.
