American,Actress
I am the American Dream. I am the epitome of what the American Dream basically said. It said you could come from anywhere and be anything you want in this country. That's exactly what I've done.
I used my imagination to make the grass whatever color I wanted it to be.
That's the thing about Mother Nature, she really doesn't care what economic bracket you're in.
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.
Things happen to you out of luck, and if you get to stick around it's because you're talented.
When you are kind to someone in trouble, you hope they'll remember and be kind to someone else. And it'll become like a wildfire.
I am where I am because I believe in all possibilities.
I don't have pet peeves; I have whole kennels of irritation.
I don't really view communism as a bad thing.
Born ham, that's basically me.
I'm fighting the label of 'Black' actress simply because it's very limiting in people's eyes, especially people who are making movies.
Actors have no color. That's the art form.
My family is Jewish, Buddhist, Baptist and Catholic. I don't believe in man-made religions.
Everything for me is visual. That's just how my head works.
Normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine.
The art of acting is to be other than what you are.
I think the idea that you know who your inner self is on a daily basis, because... you know. What's good for you 25 years ago may not be good for you now. So, to keep in touch with that, I think that's the first ingredient for success. Because if you're a successful human being, everything else is gravy, I think.
I'm a big old egotistical baby and that's okay. I can accept it.
And I don't believe that I have to stay on one side of the fence or the other. I don't believe that there is any good career move or bad career move. I believe there are only the things that make me happy.
If I was doing a talk show, I would do the kind of show that comes on just once a month, with amazing guests.
There are roles I am never considered for. Meryl Streep roles, let's say. Why not? I really wanted to do 'Ironweed,' for example, because the depression era in this country was one of the best for multiracial people, because everybody was poor. Everybody lived in the tents, and under buildings, and under gratings, together.
An actress can only play a woman. I'm an actor, I can play anything.
Normal is in the eye of the beholder.
For some reason, all artists have self-esteem issues.
I grew up in a time when it would never have occurred to anyone to tell me there was anything I couldn't do.
It's being willing to walk away that gives you strength and power - if you're willing to accept the consequences of doing what you want to do.
