American,Entertainer
Positive feelings come from being honest about yourself and accepting your personality, and physical characteristics, warts and all; and, from belonging to a family that accepts you without question.
The best cookies of all in the world are the ones my daughter Sally makes. They come out all uniform with nice little air holes.
My grandmother's house - she ran it just like her grandmother and her great-grandmother. They didn't have electricity. They had wood stoves that never got cold.
When you hit the big time, big money, big egos, people don't talk. You have no friends.
Thanksgiving just gets me all warm and tingly and all kinds of wonderful inside.
It was a big story and yesterday's soup. Who cares?
When I was just starting out in the business, I used to love to watch Lorne Greene doing the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. I said right then, 'That's what I want to do someday,' and it's been one dream that has come true.
Take a microphone out of my hands, and I'm just plain folks.
August depresses me a little. I don't even feel like eating. And when I don't eat, that's a sure sign of stagnation.
Never slap a man who chews tobacco.
The critics - how come you never see any of them on TV?
Remember Judy Garland? She retired 40 times.
I'm Southern Baptist, not a meteorologist.
I wore dresses all the time. I like to wear dresses.
I think women can cope a lot better than men.
You go from Pampers to Depends!
Nature's a tranquilizer as you get older.
Everything I've ever done in my life has been a fluke.
I get all fired up about aging in America.
I got more mail than anybody on the history of The Today Show, but half of it was to get me off the air.
I've produced more pilots than United Airlines, and they've all been disasters. Every audition I ever took in my life I lost.
Just do the math. In the next 50 to 75 years, people will be living to be 130 and 140. They'll be working until they're 100. It's incredible.
Tom Browkaw said it best. He said NBC could survive without him or the rest of the news division, but not Nancy Fields.
The TV weatherman has always been one of the best, most secure jobs. They change anchors, they change the set, producers come and go. But the weather person hangs on forever!
Will Rogers was an American hero - someone you could get your teeth into and love.
I love commercials.
I'm a country boy.
My dad was an agent for Met Life. In the '50s, I remember the mortality rate was something like - you had - 58 was the average age. Then it was moved up to 62, and then 65, 68.
I loved Harry Truman with all my heart and soul.
When I can, I do 25 minutes of calisthenics every day.
I still start to get panicky each morning before I go on television. I'll say, 'I'm in awful shape, something is wrong,' and if I start to look like I'm going off the deep end, Jimmy Straka, the stage manager, will say, 'You're all right. Calm down.' Then Bryant Gumbel will grab me by the leg or something.
Having a phobia has changed me.
