American,Actor
I never thought of myself as handsome.
No matter how I might feel about myself or my self-image, there is still a part of me that wants to fight to the end.
It's easy to be led astray when you're so broken. People take advantage of you.
My wife bought an extra life insurance policy on me.
God gives me the children's ministry heart and patience. This is what He wants. It's awesome. I don't know where He's gonna take it - but God is building this thing.
We produce programs that honor God and impact our world.
There are things God does for me daily, and it throws me into brain lock, because I know in my heart I don't deserve that kind of grace. I don't deserve that break.
God continues to work miracles in my life.
We're seeing how the videos translate to the live shows and how the technology is really reaching kids.
This is an exact replica of my chest.
This is not what I would have chosen. But I have a heart to be obedient.
We've been called, and He has blessed.
I remember thinking, That's what I need - and that hope was in Jesus Christ.
When you're in that scene, you really wonder if this is all you're ever going to be. You know how vile and filthy you are inside.
I'm cleaning toilets for $30 a day, because I needed that $30, and people are pointing at me, saying, Look at the big movie star. Look where he is now. I just said, I'm where God put me.
I don't think you need to go looking for the enemy. He's going to look for you.
I get scared to death when I see people who say they've found Jesus Christ, and they're out there, and I wonder, who's teaching them? Who's mentoring them?
I spent six years in Bible study because I needed to get grounded. People really need to spend time in the Bible getting to know the God they claim to love.
I realized there was very little in Hollywood I would ever feel comfortable doing. If I kept one foot there and one foot in my Christianity, I would never grow.
My pastor said, Just because you were a celebrity doesn't mean you're supposed to be a celebrity now.
I had never really pictured myself working in children's ministries. I always figured I would be more comfortable with maybe teens or adult ministries.
If there's comfort involved, it's probably not for me.
I want kids to understand that strength doesn't come from what goes on around you. It comes from inside you, and that comes from Jesus Christ.
I suppose what's unique about our presentation is the amount of Scripture that kids get.
I tell kids that people will let them down and people will hurt them. But Jesus Christ will never let them down and never hurt them.
We've both been married before and our previous experiences made us fearful of commitment.
Hollywood has always been good to me. I've never blamed Hollywood for my problems.
I have a strong work ethic.
'Give up... it's time to quit,' I don't think I've ever really accepted those kinds of words in my life or vocabulary.
When you go through a traumatic event, there's a lot of shame that comes with that. A lot of loss of self-esteem. That can become debilitating.
There's a tendency for people to think that celebrities do whatever they want, spend whatever they want, and it's completely out of control. While some of that may be true, I've never met a celebrity who threw caution to the wind and thought they could do anything. That's not the thought process.
I never learned to study in studio school, so I had to teach myself to study.
I got married at a very young age, and of course, for all the wrong reasons, and ended up divorced and lost everything. It was a very difficult time in my life.
I think that in the Christian community, we're lacking a lot of things, and I don't know that it's just children's role models.
The Jews know who they are as a people. The Christians have not come together as a people yet.
When somebody comes to your front door, and they're screaming obscenities at you and telling you to come outside, and you've had your life threatened several times, you take it pretty seriously. It's the reason I have a Rottweiler.
