American,Actor
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.
A fool and his money are soon elected.
We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others.
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
People's minds are changed through observation and not through argument.
Make crime pay. Become a lawyer.
The farmer has to be an optimist or he wouldn't still be a farmer.
I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat.
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock.
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
A man only learns in two ways, one by reading, and the other by association with smarter people.
Too many people spend money they haven't earned to buy things they don't want to impress people they don't like.
The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets.
Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
Everything is changing. People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke.
People who fly into a rage always make a bad landing.
It isn't what we don't know that gives us trouble, it's what we know that ain't so.
The 1928 Republican Convention opened with a prayer. If the Lord can see His way clear to bless the Republican Party the way it's been carrying on, then the rest of us ought to get it without even asking.
If Stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out?
Last year we said, 'Things can't go on like this', and they didn't, they got worse.
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have.
Democrats never agree on anything, that's why they're Democrats. If they agreed with each other, they would be Republicans.
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does.
Worrying is like paying on a debt that may never come due.
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
If I studied all my life, I couldn't think up half the number of funny things passed in one session of congress.
We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can.
People are getting smarter nowadays; they are letting lawyers, instead of their conscience, be their guide.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
Lettin' the cat outta the bag is a whole lot easier 'n puttin' it back in.
When should a college athlete turn pro? Not until he has earned all he can in college as an amateur.
There is nothing so stupid as the educated man if you get him off the thing he was educated in.
America is a nation that conceives many odd inventions for getting somewhere but it can think of nothing to do once it gets there.
It's easy being a humorist when you've got the whole government working for you.
If you ever injected truth into politics you have no politics.
What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds.
The more that learn to read the less learn how to make a living. That's one thing about a little education. It spoils you for actual work. The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living.
Ancient Rome declined because it had a Senate, now what's going to happen to us with both a House and a Senate?
Ohio claims they are due a president as they haven't had one since Taft. Look at the United States, they have not had one since Lincoln.
There ought to be one day - just one - when there is open season on senators.
You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you in a new way.
The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?'
Politics is applesauce.
Don't gamble; take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it.
Liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does in speeches.
The best way out of a difficulty is through it.
Diplomats are just as essential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing it... You take diplomacy out of war, and the thing would fall flat in a week.
When ignorance gets started it knows no bounds.
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff.
A remark generally hurts in proportion to its truth.
I have a scheme for stopping war. It's this - no nation is allowed to enter a war till they have paid for the last one.
So let's be honest with ourselves and not take ourselves too serious, and never condemn the other fellow for doing what we are doing every day, only in a different way.
I read about eight newspapers in a day. When I'm in a town with only one newspaper, I read it eight times.
Being a hero is about the shortest-lived profession on earth.
The time to save is now. When a dog gets a bone, he doesn't go out and make a down payment on a bigger bone. He buries the one he's got.
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
The difference between a Republican and a Democrat is the Democrat is a cannibal they have to live off each other, while the Republicans, why, they live off the Democrats.
Let advertisers spend the same amount of money improving their product that they do on advertising and they wouldn't have to advertise it.
There is no more independence in politics than there is in jail.
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
One Ad is worth more to a paper than forty Editorials.
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you.
The schools ain't what they used to be and never was.
We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business?
If the other fellow sells cheaper than you, it is called dumping. 'Course, if you sell cheaper than him, that's mass production.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
When you put down the good things you ought to have done, and leave out the bad ones you did do well, that's Memoirs.
Chaotic action is preferable to orderly inaction.
Anything important is never left to the vote of the people. We only get to vote on some man; we never get to vote on what he is to do.
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
The only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
I bet after seeing us, George Washington would sue us for calling him 'father.'
Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing, and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even.
This country has come to feel the same when Congress is in session as when the baby gets hold of a hammer.
Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week.
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do.
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
Politics has become so expensive that it takes a lot of money even to be defeated.
Now if there is one thing that we do worse than any other nation, it is try and manage somebody else's affairs.
Communism to me is one-third practice and two-thirds explanation.
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
America is becoming so educated that ignorance will be a novelty. I will belong to the select few.
In Hollywood you can see things at night that are fast enough to be in the Olympics in the day time.
One-third of the people in the United States promote, while the other two-thirds provide.
In Hollywood the woods are full of people that learned to write but evidently can't read. If they could read their stuff, they'd stop writing.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education.
The United States never lost a war or won a conference.
