American,Philosopher
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.
We are all ready to be savage in some cause. The difference between a good man and a bad one is the choice of the cause.
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
If you want a quality, act as if you already had it.
The aim of a college education is to teach you to know a good man when you see one.
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
There is no more miserable human being than one in whom nothing is habitual but indecision.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
Time itself comes in drops.
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes.
Do something everyday for no other reason than you would rather not do it, so that when the hour of dire need draws nigh, it may find you not unnerved and untrained to stand the test.
The sway of alcohol over mankind is unquestionably due to its power to stimulate the mystical faculties of human nature, usually crushed to earth by the cold facts and dry criticisms of the sober hour.
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link, and life is after all a chain.
Whatever universe a professor believes in must at any rate be a universe that lends itself to lengthy discourse. A universe definable in two sentences is something for which the professorial intellect has no use. No faith in anything of that cheap kind!
Why should we think upon things that are lovely? Because thinking determines life. It is a common habit to blame life upon the environment. Environment modifies life but does not govern life. The soul is stronger than its surroundings.
To study the abnormal is the best way of understanding the normal.
The god whom science recognizes must be a God of universal laws exclusively, a God who does a wholesale, not a retail business. He cannot accommodate his processes to the convenience of individuals.
Man can alter his life by altering his thinking.
When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that is in itself a choice.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
Great emergencies and crises show us how much greater our vital resources are than we had supposed.
Everybody should do at least two things each day that he hates to do, just for practice.
This life is worth living, we can say, since it is what we make it.
If any organism fails to fulfill its potentialities, it becomes sick.
There is only one thing a philosopher can be relied upon to do, and that is to contradict other philosophers.
In business for yourself, not by yourself.
The community stagnates without the impulse of the individual. The impulse dies away without the sympathy of the community.
One hearty laugh together will bring enemies into a closer communion of heart than hours spent on both sides in inward wrestling with the mental demon of uncharitable feeling.
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all. And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result is the only thing that makes the result come true.
Action seems to follow feeling, but really action and feeling go together; and by regulating the action, which is under the more direct control of the will, we can indirectly regulate the feeling, which is not.
Metaphysics means nothing but an unusually obstinate effort to think clearly.
Man lives for science as well as bread.
Genius... means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way.
We are doomed to cling to a life even while we find it unendurable.
Every man who possibly can should force himself to a holiday of a full month in a year, whether he feels like taking it or not.
We have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood.
There must be something solemn, serious, and tender about any attitude which we denominate religious. If glad, it must not grin or snicker; if sad, it must not scream or curse.
To be radical, an empiricism must neither admit into its constructions any element that is not directly experienced, nor exclude from them any element that is directly experienced.
The ideas gained by men before they are twenty-five are practically the only ideas they shall have in their lives.
An act has no ethical quality whatever unless it be chosen out of several all equally possible.
To spend life for something which outlasts it.
It is well for the world that in most of us, by the age of thirty, the character has set like plaster, and will never soften again.
Our esteem for facts has not neutralized in us all religiousness. It is itself almost religious. Our scientific temper is devout.
Faith means belief in something concerning which doubt is theoretically possible.
Our faith is faith in someone else's faith, and in the greatest matters this is most the case.
Individuality is founded in feeling; and the recesses of feeling, the darker, blinder strata of character, are the only places in the world in which we catch real fact in the making, and directly perceive how events happen, and how work is actually done.
An idea, to be suggestive, must come to the individual with the force of revelation.
Knowledge about life is one thing; effective occupation of a place in life, with its dynamic currents passing through your being, is another.
If the grace of God miraculously operates, it probably operates through the subliminal door.
A man has as many social selves as there are individuals who recognize him.
We never fully grasp the import of any true statement until we have a clear notion of what the opposite untrue statement would be.
Where quality is the thing sought after, the thing of supreme quality is cheap, whatever the price one has to pay for it.
If merely 'feeling good' could decide, drunkenness would be the supremely valid human experience.
The hell to be endured hereafter, of which theology tells, is no worse than the hell we make for ourselves in this world by habitually fashioned our characters in the wrong way.
The best argument I know for an immortal life is the existence of a man who deserves one.
In the dim background of mind we know what we ought to be doing but somehow we cannot start.
To be conscious means not simply to be, but to be reported, known, to have awareness of one's being added to that being.
The world is all the richer for having a devil in it, so long as we keep our foot upon his neck.
To be a real philosopher all that is necessary is to hate some one else's type of thinking.
The history of philosophy is to a great extent that of a certain clash of human temperaments.
Those thoughts are truth which guide us to beneficial interaction with sensible particulars as they occur, whether they copy these in advance or not.
The 'I think' which Kant said must be able to accompany all my objects, is the 'I breathe' which actually does accompany them.
What every genuine philosopher (every genuine man, in fact) craves most is praise although the philosophers generally call it recognition!
'Pure experience' is the name I gave to the immediate flux of life which furnishes the material to our later reflection with its conceptual categories.
