American,Judge
Marriage is a coming together for better or for worse, hopefully enduring, and intimate to the degree of being sacred.
Free speech is not to be regulated like diseased cattle and impure butter. The audience that hissed yesterday may applaud today, even for the same performance.
Common sense often makes good law.
The Constitution is not neutral. It was designed to take the government off the backs of people.
The association promotes a way of life, not causes; a harmony in living, not political faiths; a bilateral loyalty, not commercial or social projects. Yet it is an association for as noble a purpose as any involved in any prior decisions.
No patent medicine was ever put to wider and more varied use than the Fourteenth Amendment.
The 5th Amendment is an old friend and a good friend. one of the great landmarks in men's struggle to be free of tyranny, to be decent and civilized.
Literature should not be suppressed merely because it offends the moral code of the censor.
The liberties of none are safe unless the liberties of all are protected.
As nightfall does not come at once, neither does oppression. In both instances, there is a twilight when everything remains seemingly unchanged, and it is in such a twilight that we all must be most aware of change in the air - however slight - lest we become unwitting victims of darkness.
Since when have we Americans been expected to bow submissively to authority and speak with awe and reverence to those who represent us?
We who have the final word can speak softly or angrily. We can seek to challenge and annoy, as we need not stay docile and quiet.
One who comes to the Court must come to adore, not to protest. That's the new gloss on the 1st Amendment.
At the constitutional level where we work, 90 percent of any decision is emotional. The rational part of us supplies the reasons for supporting our predilections.
It seemed to me that I had barely reached the Court when people were trying to get me off.
We do not sit as a superlegislature to weigh the wisdom of legislation.
We are a religious people whose institutions presuppose a Supreme Being.
The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.
The critical point is that the Constitution places the right of silence beyond the reach of government.
Tell the FBI that the kidnappers should pick out a judge that Nixon wants back.
The right to revolt has sources deep in our history.
