American,Writer
The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
In deep sadness there is no place for sentimentality.
The purpose of technology is not to confuse the brain but to serve the body.
My relationships with my cats has saved me from a deadly, pervasive ignorance.
You can't fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal.
Visual art and writing don't exist on an aesthetic hierarchy that positions one above the other, because each is capable of things the other can't do at all. Sometimes one picture is equal to 30 pages of discourse, just as there are things images are completely incapable of communicating.
Language is a virus from outer space.
After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say 'I want to see the manager.'
Our national drug is alcohol. We tend to regard the use any other drug with special horror.
Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
I am getting so far out one day I won't come back at all.
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on.
Happiness is a byproduct of function, purpose, and conflict; those who seek happiness for itself seek victory without war.
The only possible ethic is to do what one wants to do.
Like all pure creatures, cats are practical.
Sometimes paranoia's just having all the facts.
In my writing I am acting as a map maker, an explorer of psychic areas, a cosmonaut of inner space, and I see no point in exploring areas that have already been thoroughly surveyed.
Artists to my mind are the real architects of change, and not the political legislators who implement change after the fact.
You must learn to exist with no religion, no country, no allies. You must learn to live alone in silence.
After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it. I sure as hell wouldn't want to live in a society where the only people allowed guns are the police and the military.
Your knowledge of what is going on can only be superficial and relative.
Hustlers of the world, there is one mark you cannot beat: the mark inside.
This is a war universe. War all the time. That is its nature. There may be other universes based on all sorts of other principles, but ours seems to be based on war and games.
In the U.S., you have to be a deviant or die of boredom.
An addict never stops growing. Stupider.
I see no reason why the artistic world can't absolutely merge with Madison Avenue. Pop art is a move in that direction. Why can't we have advertisements with beautiful words and beautiful images?
The face of evil is always the face of total need.
Admittedly, a homosexual can be conditioned to react sexually to a woman, or to an old boot for that matter. In fact, both homo - and heterosexual experimental subjects have been conditioned to react sexually to an old boot, and you can save a lot of money that way.
How I hate those who are dedicated to producing conformity.
The cat does not offer services. The cat offers itself. Of course he wants care and shelter. You don't buy love for nothing.
Hemingway was a prisoner of his style. No one can talk like the characters in Hemingway except the characters in Hemingway. His style in the wildest sense finally killed him.
I started to write in about 1950; I was thirty-five at the time; there didn't seem to be any strong motivation. I simply was endeavoring to put down in a more or less straightforward journalistic style something about my experiences with addiction and addicts.
Most people don't see what's going on around them. That's my principal message to writers: 'For God's sake, keep your eyes open. Notice what's going on around you.'
Thinking is not enough. There is no final enough of wisdom, experience - any... thing.
Some people like neat suburbs. I always am attracted to the rundown and the old and the offbeat.
Scientology is a model control system, a state in fact with its own courts, police, rewards and penalties.
The world wasn't a more tolerant place when I was a young man. Rather, they simply sidestepped all the issues.
If everyone is to be made responsible for everything they do, you must extend responsibility beyond the level of conscious intention.
