American,Historian
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Knowledge is the eye of desire and can become the pilot of the soul.
Civilization begins with order, grows with liberty and dies with chaos.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
The political machine triumphs because it is a united minority acting against a divided majority.
Our knowledge is a receding mirage in an expanding desert of ignorance.
To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.
In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order.
The most interesting thing in the world is another human being who wonders, suffers and raises the questions that have bothered him to the last day of his life, knowing he will never get the answers.
To speak ill of others is a dishonest way of praising ourselves. Nothing is often a good thing to say, and always a clever thing to say.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art.
We Americans are the best informed people on earth as to the events of the last twenty-four hours; we are the not the best informed as the events of the last sixty centuries.
History is mostly guessing; the rest is prejudice.
Truth always originates in a minority of one, and every custom begins as a broken precedent.
The family is the nucleus of civilization.
Nature has never read the Declaration of Independence. It continues to make us unequal.
When liberty becomes license, dictatorship is near.
Bankers know that history is inflationary and that money is the last thing a wise man will hoard.
Tired mothers find that spanking takes less time than reasoning and penetrates sooner to the seat of the memory.
It may be true that you can't fool all the people all the time, but you can fool enough of them to rule a large country.
As soon as liberty is complete it dies in anarchy.
Woe to him who teaches men faster than they can learn.
There have been only 268 of the past 3,421 years free of war.
Civilization is the order and freedom is promoting cultural activity.
Every form of government tends to perish by excess of its basic principle.
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice.
