American,Actor
That red carpet has to be felt to be believed.
Nobody became an actor because he had a good childhood.
A favorite cast? Lisa Kudrow, Anthony Hopkins, Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, and my wife.
Yeah, I made it. It sneaks up on you. You're some schmuck and you wake up one day and you go, Good God, I'm the cheese.
I'm a firm believer that character is highly overrated. Character is a trick that we do with the audience's collusion.
Oh yeah, that's the Holy Grail, Pirates of the Caribbean. Johnny Depp, he's the real deal, isn't he? He doesn't get the girl, and he doesn't care.
Ninety percent of the preparation we do as actors is just jive. It doesn't do anything.
When Fargo came out, I hired a publicist for the first time in my life. I thought, if ever I was going to make it, that was then.
Everyone hooks up with George Clooney. He's a genuinely cool guy. He's using his powers for good.
Stephen King writes a lot of things that are really charming and quirky, and that are more ironic than horror.
The Spirit Awards are great too, they'll say anything because they're not televised. Another great drinking night.
There are some older women out there who are just knockouts, real beauties, and they're not getting the roles they should.
I'm really proud of the writing on Door to Door, and I think that's the Emmy that meant the most - the writing.
I have a tendency to say yes to a script or no to a script. Not yes based on a rewrite.
It started with the Godfather, this operatic violence. I don't know.
I got an agent. He said, what do you wanna do, and I said, I want an Oscar nomination. That's your job, that's what I'm paying you for. And I got it.
When I was in New York, I was making a living. We had a summer house and a car that I could put in a garage. That's something for a stage actor.
I'll tell you this about the Oscars - they're real.
When I watch a film I get swept away. I don't really watch the camera.
We must admit that it is quite common that people do have affairs with their leading ladies and men.
If I like the story and it's well written, and it's a character I want to play and they'll pay me, then I decide to do it.
Directors work 10 times harder than anyone else. Get paid a quarter.
I was a dog in a past life. Really. I'll be walking down the street and dogs will do a sort of double take. Like, Hey, I know him.
I think theater is powerful. The best experiences I had in the theater are more powerful than the best experiences I had in movies.
I think I've been in situations where they looked at me and just see some rich white guy - they don't see me at all.
I'm sure I have a process, but it mostly takes place in my dreams.
