American,Educator
If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything.
The final test of a gentleman is his respect for those who can be of no possible service to him.
Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good plays, good company, good conversation - what are they? They are the happiest people in the world.
God speaks to me not through the thunder and the earthquake, nor through the ocean and the stars, but through the Son of Man, and speaks in a language adapted to my imperfect sight and hearing.
Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be tolerated until they acquire some sense.
A well-ordered life is like climbing a tower; the view halfway up is better than the view from the base, and it steadily becomes finer as the horizon expands.
A student never forgets an encouraging private word, when it is given with sincere respect and admiration.
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible service to him.
One of the secrets of life is to keep our intellectual curiosity acute.
If happiness truly consisted in physical ease and freedom from care, then the happiest individual would not be either a man or a woman; it would be, I think, an American cow.
If I were running the world I would have it rain only between 2 and 5 a.m. Anyone who was out then ought to get wet.
If you develop the absolute sense of certainty that powerful beliefs provide, then you can get yourself to accomplish virtually anything, including those things that other people are certain are impossible.
I divide all readers into two classes: those who read to remember and those who read to forget.
The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century.
Whenever it is possible, a boy should choose some occupation which he should do even if he did not need the money.
In a start-up company, you basically throw out all assumptions every three weeks.
If I didn't start painting, I would have raised chickens.
A bibliophile of little means is likely to suffer often. Books don't slip from his hands but fly past him through the air, high as birds, high as prices.
A cat pours his body on the floor like water. It is restful just to see him.
There is a strange reluctance on the part of most people to admit they enjoy life.
The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts.
You can learn more about human nature by reading the Bible than by living in New York.
You can be deprived of your money, your job and your home by someone else, but remember that no one can ever take away your honor.
The belief that youth is the happiest time of life is founded on a fallacy. The happiest person is the person who thinks the most interesting thoughts, and we grow happier as we grow older.
