American,Dramatist
Be nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down.
If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research.
Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something.
In the battle of existence, Talent is the punch; Tact is the clever footwork.
Don't talk about yourself; it will be done when you leave.
There is something about a closet that makes a skeleton terribly restless.
I hate careless flattery, the kind that exhausts you in your efforts to believe it.
You sparkle with larceny.
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
The first hundred years are the hardest.
The most efficient water power in the world - women's tears.
It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while, he knows something.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
A fellow who is always declaring he's no fool usually has his suspicions.
I know of no sentence that can induce such immediate and brazen lying as the one that begins, 'Have you read - .'
If you count all your assets you always show a profit.
All anger is not sinful, because some degree of it, and on some occasions, is inevitable. But it becomes sinful and contradicts the rule of Scripture when it is conceived upon slight and inadequate provocation, and when it continues long.
The cuckoo who is on to himself is halfway out of the clock.
I can usually judge a fellow by what he laughs at.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
Life's a tough proposition, and the first hundred years are the hardest.
Art is science made clear.
Do not be desirous of having things done quickly. Do not look at small advantages. Desire to have things done quickly prevents their being done thoroughly. Looking at small advantages prevents great affairs from being accomplished.
A slave has but one master. An ambition man, has as many as there are people who helped him get his fortune.
Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up.
