American,Musician
The most daring thing is to be yourself and to do exactly what you want to do at that point in time and not to be worried with what other people are doing or what's popular.
Whatever I do, I do it because I want to do it and because it's completely, 100% me.
I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success.
My live performance, it just comes from feeling an energy and emotion from the crowd.
I critique myself way harder than anybody else could critique me.
Since I was younger I've been making the best out of nothing.
I never want to confuse people or go over their heads.
I don't take time off.
I've done a lot of work to get where I'm at, but I have to keep working.
Even with whatever people want to label me with, there are so many other sides to me.
People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.
I'm always hustling.
You don't have to be a certain thing to be cool. If you're white, you don't have to act black or whatever. Just be you and know who you are.
I think wherever you go, when people hear good music, they will react to it.
I groom, but it doesn't take me a long time to get to what people see.
Brand names aren't important to me at all.
'Khalifa' is Arabic, it means successor, leader, shining light. My granddad is Muslim and he gave me that name.
Every day is new. It's just a new day. I look at six hours at a time.
I love my wife. We FaceTime and we talk on the phone and she travels to come see me when she can. But she works as well. But we see each other a lot more than people would think, though, because we make it happen and we love each other so much.
I've been pretty focused my entire life, and now that I have a family, I'm just going to keep that focus, but it's going to be a family focus.
I want to be an icon.
I don't have problems with people, because if I do, I address it.
The name 'Wiz' comes from me being the youngest dude in my age group of people that I hung out with. I was pretty good at anything I tried to do, so they would call me a young wiz.
I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there.
I never got nervous performing my own material.
Just growing up in Pittsburgh and knowing different neighborhoods, having family there and just loving it, it's like no other place.
