American,Director
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
Tradition is the illusion of permanance.
I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
I'm not afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
I failed to make the chess team because of my height.
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream?
Comedy just pokes at problems, rarely confronts them squarely. Drama is like a plate of meat and potatoes, comedy is rather the dessert, a bit like meringue.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying.
I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government.
I've never been an intellectual but I have this look.
To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
In Beverly Hills... they don't throw their garbage away. They make it into television shows.
You can live to be a hundred if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
I'd call him a sadistic, hippophilic necrophile, but that would be beating a dead horse.
Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
It's not that I'm afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies.
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
Man consists of two parts, his mind and his body, only the body has more fun.
I think being funny is not anyone's first choice.
Right now it's only a notion, but I think I can get the money to make it into a concept, and later turn it into an idea.
Why are our days numbered and not, say, lettered?
I ran into Isosceles. He had a great idea for a new triangle!
I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys.
Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Marriage is the death of hope.
Students achieving Oneness will move on to Twoness.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down .
I was nauseous and tingly all over. I was either in love or I had smallpox.
I don't have to 'freedom-kiss' my wife when what I really want to do is French-kiss her.
Who bothers to cook TV dinners? I suck them frozen.
I tended to place my wife under a pedestal.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
I am two with nature.
