American,Musician
Silence is refreshment for the soul.
Most of us are imprisoned by something. We're living in darkness until something flips on the switch.
It sounds corny, but I've promised my inner child that never again will I ever abandon myself for anything or anyone else again.
If I can make a connection, one connection, to any one listener in the world, I consider that successful.
I don't take my fans' love and dedication for granted.
The failures and successes are necessary for learning.
I have always loved the process of making the music, reading the letters from the fans who get married to my music, have children to my music and play my music at their funerals.
I also believe my musical abilities are a true gift from God.
I never took a music lesson in my life, it just came naturally.
My music is about the journey, about love and the human experience.
When you are real in your music, people know it and they feel your authenticity.
I used to only worry about the #1's and all of the awards. But that was a long time ago.
I know that the internet has helped a new world audience find me.
Digital downloading of music has affected us all in adverse ways.
I am most proud that I stayed true to the music of my soul.
I always make music that is true to my spirit.
I am a child of God.
The love of these people and of my fans mean more than any award or special accomplishment.
Without love in you life, you have nothing.
I am a fan of today's sound as long as we don't get too slick, and yet I am very reverent of my roots.
We are losing our superstars like Johnny and June Carter Cash and that breaks my heart.
There's a place for all types of country music as long as there is honesty and realness and a real human experience for the fans.
I have a very deep and wide relationship with my fans.
You have to fill your cup. You then give away the overflowing, but you keep a cupful for yourself.
It took me 36 years to be able to be by myself and like it.
I've learned lately that no one is going to hand me a permission slip and tell me to take time out for me.
