American,Politician
It is critical that parents and other trusted adults initiate conversations with kids about underage drinking well in advance of the first time they are faced with a decision regarding alcohol.
Individuals with kidney disease who are able to obtain treatment early experience a higher quality of life and are able to maintain more of their day-to-day activities, including keeping their jobs.
As of 2002, two million Latino adults had been diagnosed with diabetes.
Winning the peace is harder than winning the war.
We cannot undo the past in this misguided war in Iraq.
We are on pace this year to have a trade deficit that is larger than $800 billion. We have never faced that before, but we continue to put forward trade agreements like these that leave us naked to competition that is neither free nor fair.
Twenty million more have Chronic Kidney Disease, where patients experience a gradual deterioration of kidney function, the end result of which is kidney failure.
Today, we have a trade regime which has led to the largest trade deficits this country has ever experienced.
The Smithsonian museums are among this country's most endearing treasures and I look forward to helping maintain and enhance their coveted works of art.
The good news is that parents are the leading influence on kids' decision not to drink alcohol.
I hate to say it but I think it has become very obvious that our system for devising trade agreements, so very important to this country's functioning around the world, has not only broken, but it has broken completely.
February 19, 1942, is the year in which Executive Order 9066 was signed, and this was the order that called for the exclusion and internment of all Japanese Americans living on the west coast during World War II.
Diabetes occurs at twice the rate in the African American community as it does in white Americans.
But 18 years after the passage of the Civil Liberties Act, there still remains unfinished work to completely rectify and close this regrettable chapter in our Nation's history.
As a regent, I hope to bring that important perspective of a typical family visitor in combination with my background as a Member of Congress and a proponent of the Smithsonian's efforts to reach all Americans.
African Americans make up about 13 percent of the U.S. population but comprise 32 percent of patients treated for kidney failure, giving them a kidney failure rate that is 4.2 times greater than that of white Americans.
According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, the first use of alcohol typically begins at age 12.
According to the American Heart Association, the prevalence of hypertension in African Americans in the United States is among the highest in the world.
According to Teenage Research Unlimited, 51 percent of 13-15 year olds say they will be faced with making a decision regarding alcohol in the next three months.
If we finally chose as a country to take responsibility for the wars that we believe we must engage in, and rather than borrow money to exercise that authority to go to war, we actually pay for these wars, that would save us over a trillion dollars, because that's what we have spent in Iraq and Afghanistan - all through borrowed money.
I will fight like the dickens to protect Social Security.
Having passion does not mean you have to descend into bickering and fighting.
We need to make investment to get the economy going again, to give the private sector the confidence.
We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns.
This is precisely why you choose to run for office and get elected. You're asking the people to let you be their voice. I don't think there is a more powerful and intense experience than the opportunity to be the voice of the 307 million people living in this country.
Shame on me if I don't try to do more with what I have. It would be... a terrible thing to waste this opportunity to try to make a difference.
