American,Actress
I pretty much make time for that weekly manicure.
I grew up in Greenwich Village. Dad was friends with John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
People just kind of associate me with kicking some ass.
My taste in music and entertainment is quite eclectic.
Yancy is actually a Native-American name, but I'm Irish. Go figure.
Women have been kicking ass for centuries.
Whether it goes to series or stands by itself, I'm proud of what we did with it, not only from the standpoint of what it could have been, but for itself.
To say I'm the easiest person to live with would be a lie.
Once you get into a part, and someone sees you, you get asked to do it again.
My mother's side of the family was in the production side of theatre. My grandfather, Jose Vega, was a general manager for Neil Simon shows on Broadway.
My junior high was dreadful. I see a lot of my fellow alumni on America's Most Wanted.
My grandfather was a cop in Long Island. I often try to draw on things that I've heard about him.
My father used to sing to me in my mother's womb. I think I can name about any tune in two beats.
Imagine if it happened to you: All of a sudden you find this thing on your wrist and people are telling you it has powers. I would be a little skeptical myself.
I've spent a lot of time and money trying to keep my anger in control.
I've always played strong women who are doing their own thing.
I'm the oldest 26-year-old I know. A lot of experience has been crammed into a short amount of time. Some days I feel a good 65, 70. Like I want to lie down.
I'm open to sci-fi, but I was never a diehard fan. I have no idea why it keeps following me. I'm extremely lucky, I guess; it's a lucrative venue.
I'm just an actress. They try to give me as little information as possible.
I'll try anything once.
I think sometimes women who are supposed to be strong are also written as mean and vindictive.
I think seeing some of the past can be helpful, especially if you're into crime solving.
I never worked less than 16-hour days on South Beach.
I love old movies. The '40s theatre pace is fantastic.
I hope I don't just sit around moping for two years.
I had to skydive for the movie and I was terrified. Like everybody, I thought it was going to be one of those experiences that changes your life. It didn't.
