American,Athlete
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six.
If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else.
Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too.
When you arrive at a fork in the road, take it.
Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
You can observe a lot by watching.
Congratulations. I knew the record would stand until it was broken.
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.
Little League baseball is a very good thing because it keeps the parents off the streets.
Baseball is ninety percent mental. The other half is physical.
I'm not going to buy my kids an encyclopedia. Let them walk to school like I did.
In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is.
I wish I had an answer to that because I'm tired of answering that question.
You don't have to swing hard to hit a home run. If you got the timing, it'll go.
Pair up in threes.
I never figured I'd go into the Hall of Fame. A kid from the Hill.
It was impossible to get a conversation going, everybody was talking too much.
The future ain't what it used to be.
I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat and if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isn't my fault that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?
If people don't want to come to the ballpark, how are you going to stop them?
You should always go to other people's funerals; otherwise, they won't come to yours.
You wouldn't have won if we'd beaten you.
It ain't over till it's over.
He hits from both sides of the plate. He's amphibious.
I usually take a two-hour nap from one to four.
Nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded.
I think Little League is wonderful. It keeps the kids out of the house.
I don't mean to be funny.
If I didn't make it in baseball, I won't have made it workin'. I didn't like to work.
We have deep depth.
I never said half the things I said.
I always got nervous the nights we played in the World Series. First pitch, I was nervous. Then after that, forget it; I'd start playing.
I liked George Weiss when he was with the Yankees. He loved the Old Timers' Day. He loved it. And he invited all these people to come, all these players to come.
If the people don't want to come out to the ballpark, nobody's going to stop them.
I liked St. Louis, when they were in the American League, because that was going home. I had all my family and friends there.
If people don't want to come out to the ball park, nobody's gonna stop 'em.
There are some people who, if they don't already know, you can't tell 'em.
The towels were so thick there I could hardly close my suitcase.
All pitchers are liars or crybabies.
Even Napoleon had his Watergate.
How can you think and hit at the same time?
I just want to thank everyone who made this day necessary.
I'm a lucky guy and I'm happy to be with the Yankees. And I want to thank everyone for making this night necessary.
I always thought that record would stand until it was broken.
I didn't know much about golf growing up.
A lot of guys go, 'Hey, Yog, say a Yogi-ism.' I tell 'em, 'I don't know any.' They want me to make one up. I don't make 'em up. I don't even know when I say it. They're the truth. And it is the truth. I don't know.
It's pretty far, but it doesn't seem like it.
I don't like seeing myself on television. I don't like it.
I guess I've got a smart wife.
I don't blame the players today for the money. I blame the owners. They started it. They wanna give it to 'em? More power to 'em.
Mickey Mantle was a very good golfer, but we weren't allowed to play golf during the season; only at spring training.
