American,Musician
In my world, of course, it don't matter. You could be a gangster with a dress, you could be a gangster with baggy pants.
We need money. We need hits. Hits bring money, money bring power, power bring fame, fame change the game.
I like everything that people say. No matter what they say. You gay, you a punk. You got a nice girlfriend, you're ugly, you can't rap, you're the hardest.
Atlanta is the number one place to live. You live better, you eat better, the rides are better, vehicles is better deals. It's better people. More mean people, but at my level you want it to be about business, so it's perfect for me.
When it comes to swag, there's no gender involved.
Ninety percent of my clothes are women's.
Wayne and Drake, it takes them so long to do a song. I understand why, because they want it to be perfect. But I think I can do a perfect song in 10 minutes.
You have to be yourself.
He's so sophisticated... Kanye is like 'Fifty Shades of Grey,' he's interesting, so you want to be around him.
I'm the type of person to put myself in everybody else's shoes.
Whatever I think of, that's what I do. I wake up and think, 'I want to buy a car', I buy a car. I wake up and be like, 'I just want to lay in bed with my girl', I do that. I wake up and want to rap, I rap. So whatever I think of.
It's like, boom! - I've got a girlfriend. It turned out to be a good thing because it made me a rapper.
I feel like there's no such thing as gender.
The reason why I moved from Young Thug to Jeffery was because I felt like I did a wrong turn.
When I was in high school, I had a gambling problem.
I was in the streets at eight, nine years old.
I hope to be like Bill Gates, bro. With all the money in the world.
I stayed in the ghetto. Then I stayed in condos, then I stayed in penthouses, and then I stayed in mansions.
It's dangerous to be anybody popular.
I've got a condo in Miami, but I don't live in it.
I can't remember 16 bars. Unless you write it, you can't. I just do it bar for bar.
Anyone can rap if you've got brains. So I just went with it.
Ain't no problem with me and Kevin Gates; everybody just trippin'.
I don't ever want to be like a peasant. I want to always be all right. But motivation is fans - not your kids, your mum, none of that. All of that matters, but number one is your fans.
I ain't just collab-ing with anybody. Because I don't care about making friends. I got enough friends.
I ain't want my kids to grow up and call me Thug. I don't want anybody to kind of look at me like that. So I'm gonna just use my real name.
