American,Musician
When you're wearing a motorcycle helmet, people don't know who you are. So I just wander around and, yeah, it's pretty awesome.
Talent alone gets you nowhere. You really have to have the grit, and you gotta have a love for people.
I try to get away and take my motorcycle on a ride whenever I can. I'll take my bike out before the show and just cruise.
I was probably 21 or 22 years old when I realized the prose that I live by, which is, 'You get what you give.' The more good deeds that you could do in your life, the more fulfilling and enriched your life is going to be. I truly believe that.
Other people pull off amazing festivals and events and things like that. I think ours is a little bit different, and that's what makes us distinct.
I don't like cooking just for myself; I enjoy feeding other people, particularly outdoors.
To me, country music has always been the home for a great song.
Getting to have a higher purpose other than just being successful is very necessary for me.
In my opinion - in Georgia, there's a town called Lula. And Lula, Georgia, has the best peaches.
I just hope everybody stays with us. We are not trying to be snobs or jerks. We are in a whirlwind trying to figure out the best way to be accessible.
'A Pirate Looks at 40,' we had to do that song. I've been covering that forever.
Good music makes you feel something.
You've got to be willing to put the time into seeing who's got talent and who's going to do a great job.
If I hear one more tailgate in the moonlight, Daisy Dukes song, I wanna throw up.
Some people are gonna hate anything; they're gonna hate when anybody tries to go or do anything, and that's usually the people who don't ever create anything themselves.
Everybody in my band is a lion, and everyone's mastered their own domain... And we have a platform, and we have built it painstakingly and punched ourselves in the face every way we could to get where we are.
It doesn't seem expected for us to do something like that, but I love electronic music. I spend a lot of my time listening to that and just trying to understand what makes it work - what makes it move people the way it does and why they have some of the best-selling festivals in the world.
We can help show data on how much the kids can improve when their home life changes a little bit.
I always thought it was sad that you couldn't get anything really good to eat at concerts, so we sit down with our fans before every show and eat a gourmet meal that we made for them.
I don't want to look back and say, 'Yeah, I was really successful, but I failed at fatherhood because I wasn't there.'
You have a feeling when you're recording, like, 'This is gonna translate really well,' and when you see it live, and it kind of proves that, that's an amazing feeling.
Each song has its own life.
The Southern Ground warehouse is rocking and rolling in Atlanta, with a T-shirt shop and a leather shop; everything we're selling at our shows we're making or publishing ourselves.
The lyrics are so important to me. And that there is something going on in the lyrics. That the song actually has something to say.
My brother's 21 years older than me, so I grew up doing more adult things. Like listening to old music.
I've been making some more electronic music, which I really enjoy doing.
To get to record and to do things with the legends, and with the people that are your musical heroes, that's the biggest honor as an artist.
The Doobie Brothers are one of my favorites of all time.
I hope everybody enjoys our input on 'Black Water' - it sure was a lot of fun getting to record it.
Our boundaries have dissolved, and we're going to still do things that are somewhat familiar that people like, but we're also going to stretch out and take chances beyond what we've done before.
We're all continuing to grow up and get better as musicians, and the chemistry as a band continues to deepen.
Not a lot of the country format I enjoy listening to.
I'm opinionated because I care so much about the music and the songs.
I try to be really conscious. I don't want to ever look back and regret not raising my kids and not being around.
Country fans and country listeners deserve to have something better... a song that really has something to say, something that makes you feel something.
People come up to me sometimes and ask for a picture but don't even say hello. They sort of forget that I'm a person.
If we had to pose for every single person at the Eat & Greets, we wouldn't get to speak to anyone that's there, and we definitely wouldn't get to serve them food.
There are still great artists in the country format.
There are still artists that do a great job with a song, and they care about the lyrics, and it's not just mindless drivel.
I had a restaurant in Georgia for a while, and I really miss feeding everybody.
A lot of concerts leave you wanting for something good to eat or drink while you're there.
Everybody in my family cooks, so growing up and being around it... if I was going to spend time with everybody, it was helping them in the kitchen.
Camp Southern Ground is a lot more than a camp. It's more of a campus.
Our music has been an incredible gift to help us make a difference.
The world needs some help.
I'm from Georgia, and everybody gathers around food in the South.
We bled writing these songs, we bled in the studio, and now we're out bleeding getting them right live.
We're fabricating a state-of-the-art concessions system for our touring, so we can feed the people and give them everything they need without having to wait on it.
All my siblings being all different ages meant I got exposed to music that was 20-30 years older than me. And that was a big influence.
If you break down most rock songs and look at the lyrics on a piece of paper, it's all about melody. It's all about presentation. And a lot of bands are really great, but you can't understand a word of what they say.
I didn't think I liked country music. Then I got into Garth Brooks.
I remember the first time I heard 'The Thunder Rolls.' It was dark, and we were driving to the beach. There was the thunder outside and the thunder in the song. It was eerie.
I have seen a lot of people, including myself, make a lot of tip money because of 'Black Water,' so this is a full circle moment. To collaborate and recreate this iconic song is just an amazing moment as an artist.
You can de-select the songs that you don't want to have on the record, but I hope we always put something out that has a lot of songs that the majority of people will love.
I don't ever want to stop making country, and I don't want to stop making electronic music, either.
We don't want to abandon any of the market we have now. We just want to gain new market.
We ended up New Year's Eve playin' a show. My date had stood me up, and I remember walkin' back to my friends with, like, two minutes before midnight and thinkin', 'I'm not gonna have anybody to kiss on New Year's.' And there she was, standin' right there, and I remember kissin' her, and then that was game over.
Family comes out whenever we know it's gonna be steady on a run that's continuous.
If I'm chartering in and out and flying home after I play, that doesn't make sense. But where we can bus, then we'll bring the family out and spend time with them during the day.
We love our fans and are very connected with our fans.
Thanks so much to all the fans. To all our team, to all our wives, especially, that believe in us and that we come home to, and everybody here that's given us a shot.
It's an honor to live on a legacy, getting to do what we love to do and try to be the best musicians that we can possibly be.
I'm gonna tell y'all what we tell the crowd every night when we play back in the States. We tell them to remember people sleeping in a sandstorm so that we can be free.
I have an outdoor kitchen at home in Georgia, and I try to never eat inside.
When I was growing up, my dad and I would go hunting and camping every weekend. Like everyone in my family, he is an amazing cook, and I've tried to learn a lot from all of them.
It's always humbling, knowing where we came from. From being friends with the janitor in the bar and being friends with the waitress - because they were some of the only people that were listening when we finished playing - to this, we are able to appreciate every single person and every single piece of it, because we came from nothing to this.
We want to support Nashville, support the community there and be a part of it.
To be a Southern Ground artist, you have to be a lifer. It's not about winning a karaoke contest or a television show to become famous. It's about really paying your dues. It's people I'm fans of and want to help in the business.
It's important that people come see our show, because we are performers. We wanted people to see that.
We just kept going down the road, we kept trying to make the next record, the right choices to get there.
I love to smoke things; there's usually something always in the pot outside. That smell of something in the smoker just reminds me of home.
I've got a couple of Harleys and a couple of Ducatis.
We're really blessed that we've been as well received as we have been.
