American,Actor
I wish I could say I see my little brother more. We used to fight all the time but now that I don't see him very often I cherish the time I have with him.
I've grown up a lot, I'm on my own, and I've learned some valuable life lessons.
I think if you're fame-hungry, go out to a nightclub and get drunk... why do that? I don't understand how some people would want fame so bad that they'd go out and get negative attention to earn it.
You always have something to learn from people who have been through more than you. Be open and receptive to what they know.
I think every single girl has something different and special about her. You find one who clicks with your vibe.
Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm.
There's a way that you can throw negativity out there that seems rebellious. But I've always taken pleasure in a different kind of rebellion, which is putting a positive spin on everything, trying to enjoy myself at all times.
Think on your toes, use what's around you, and come up with something organic and fun.
Working out is my biggest hobby. It's my Zen hour. I just zone out.
A girl can tell I like her when I blush or start telling bad jokes.
If I splurge on anything, it's cologne. I love smelling good.
I bought an electric scooter in sixth grade. Bankrupted me.
I might not be the greatest actor, but I walk into every project willing to work hard.
I like when a girl knows what she looks like and dresses to accentuate those features.
From day one, I got addicted to being on stage and getting the applause and laughter.
I was influenced when I was younger by the cartoon movies that Disney put out, like Cinderella and what not. I watched those movies over and over when I was younger and the music is ingrained into my head. Nowadays, I'm still humming the tunes. It taught me the fundamentals.
I want to be a well-rounded, versatile performer.
Every day is a new experience and I take it as it comes.
I wore goofy hats to school and did musical theater. Most people thought I was a dork. But if you have a sense of humor about it, no one can bring you down.
I don't know if I believe in love at first sight, but of course I believe in two people having chemistry right away. A girl should be really easy to talk to. When I lose track of time because we've been talking, I think that's really fun.
There are a lot of people who can slide on talent their whole lives; they're just naturally gifted. I've never considered myself one of those people. I enjoy outworking the opposition.
Spider-Man's probably my favorite. You see, Batman is a billionaire and there's nothing really cool about a billionaire saving the world. But Spider-Man is Peter Parker, a conflicted character who puts on a suit and saves the world. I love that.
There's really nothing but one audition for a Disney Channel movie that separates me from 2,000 other brown-haired, blue-eyed guys in L.A., you know?
Being known for musicals is a great thing.
It's weird, but I don't feel like think I deserve any of the attention. There's really nothing but one audition for a Disney Channel movie that separates me from 2,000 other brown-haired, blue-eyed guys in L.A., you know?
I've always cared about fashion and what I look like. I don't like to spend a lot of money on designer clothes, but I do like to look good.
A woman called me interesting once, and it kind of blew my mind. She said, 'You're one of the most interesting people I've ever met,' and I was like, 'Wow.'
I can draw really well. And I like to paint. I'm a bit of an artist.
I love action-adventure-type films - mythical adventures like 'Lord of the Rings' or superhero films like 'Batman.'
I connect with people on a daily basis.
I've always been singing. Since day one. I started doing musical theater and you have to sing in musical theater and so that's where I got most of my training. So singing on stage, you just inevitably, when you're around other vocal artists, you get better at singing.
I wouldn't just have other people write songs and me go out and sing it. I would sit down with a guitar and write 11 or 12 good songs for an album and that is gonna take a long time.
I think if a girl is easy to talk to then that's the first thing I look for. It's great when you meet a girl and three hours later you're like, 'Oh my gosh, we've been talking for three hours, what happened to the time?'
Every time I go to big events, it's a trip. I feel like that kid who shouldn't really be there.
Little Zac had it easy - but he didn't realize he had it easy, so he took it for granted. I think going through 'Hairspray' and other projects helped me learn about the business and life in general.
I usually spend Valentines Day with my friends. But if I did have a girlfriend, I'd bring her flowers and candy.
I think the only real knowledge I had before I went to Iowa was what I learned from 'Food Inc'. But once I got there and developed these extensive relationships with the farmers, I realized that we're basically made of corn.
Without a doubt, I'd love to do Broadway. I actually can't wait to get back to musical theater.
Sometimes, especially when it's cold, I get dry skin, so I scratch a lot. I scratch my arms incessantly.
The awkward thing for me is when the realization happens that I actually might like this girl. Then I become awkward.
Right when 'High School Musical' was taking off, one of my little cousins called and was really excited to tell me there was a huge 'I Hate Zac Efron' club at her school. I'm sure they're doing great. More power to them.
I left home at 17 and I've been on the road ever since.
I just want to make great films and be good in them. And I think that my perception of what's great in a film is constantly evolving.
It's the moms who are overaggressive. A lot of times their daughters are very sweet and cordial, and the moms tend to grab you and scream and want to kiss you. You gotta watch out for the moms.
My dogs are crazy. They're always getting into some kind of trouble... but then again, they're my most loyal friends.
If I had a daughter, and some guy came home with her, I'd be on him like a hawk. When I meet people's parents, I know my place. It's not that hard.
If there's a party and they won't let my friends in, I'd leave. No question.
I know I've been lucky. But it's what you do with that luck afterwards that really defines whether you stick around.
It's not that I'm opposed to doing a big-budget action movie. But it has to be the right project.
