American,Actor
I am really driven, but my drive doesn't effect the conversations I have in my head about life, and my worries and fears and insecurities.
It used to be that you came out of school, and you got married - those who were going to get married. But my peers are getting married in their early 30s, so now there's like this extra 10 years of that angst.
I love 'Scrubs.' It's the best day job in the world.
I always liked the story of Noah's Ark and the idea of starting anew by rescuing the things you like and leaving the rest behind.
I have a great relationship with my parents. I have not been on lithium.
I'm by no means condemning prescription medicine for mental health. I've seen it save a lot of people's lives.
That image is a couple different people's homes that I knew growing up.
The way I write is that I'll actually have a conversation out loud with myself. In a weird way, I just kind of get schizophrenic and play two characters.
I didn't necessarily have a total idea when I was writing the movie of where everything was going. I just wanted to have really realistic dialogue and write like people I knew talked. I tried to keep it very real.
Actually when I gave out the script, I gave it with a CD of all the music I wanted to put in the movie, and again, we never thought we'd get all that music.
I said, I'm on this TV show and I love doing it, but I don't want to be known always as the silly 'Scrubs' guy... So part of me was like, You know what? Life's short. Let's go for it.
I think I felt compelled in a way because if I hadn't written the part, I never would have been offered the part. There are at least 10 guys who would have been offered the part before me.
Gay men in L.A. are all a bunch of tens looking for an eleven.
Everyone has an idea that they think would be a great movie. Everyone has a cousin who they think you should work with.
My mother's a psychologist, my stepfather's a psychologist, my stepmother is a therapist and my dad's a lawyer. So it was all prominent in my life. I don't know anyone who doesn't know someone on some form of prescription medicine.
I was kosher until I had my Bar Mitzvah, and I parlayed officially becoming a man into telling my father I wanted to eat cheeseburgers.
Everyone has a warped vision of Hollywood and what success in Hollywood is like.
In fifth grade, we had to write a story and read it in front of the class. When I read mine out, the class were just belly laughing. And I remember being like, 'This is the coolest!' So I want to dedicate my life to trying to make people laugh. I can't imagine doing anything else.
I am really driven, but my drive doesn't affect the conversations I have in my head about life, and worries and fears and insecurities.
They put all this money into these huge films and then no one goes to see them. That sort of shows they're out of touch. Then everyone in town passes on my little movie and it does really well.
The best way to travel abroad is to live with the locals.
I came when I was in high school as part of a student exchange program with the Jewish Community Center in New Jersey, to Ramat Eliyahu. You come and volunteer for five weeks at a day camp. I was a teenager - I couldn't really appreciate it as much, and now I come back as an adult and I can really get the flavor of the city, and I love it.
I want to take piano lessons, I want to study at university, I want to travel, I want to do other parts, make another movie.
I know every politician spins the truth a little.
I think I suffer from some mild depression.
I don't care about image and all that nonsense. I'm in sweat pants every day. I don't play the game at all.
