American,Actor
We are witnessing an enormous shift of collective consciousness throughout the world. We are at the precipice of great transformation within our culture and government.
Our society needs to recognize the unstoppable momentum toward unequivocal civil equality for every gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered citizen of this country.
What scares me? Oh, now that's a big question. I don't know what scares me - cockroaches, nuclear apocalypse. Fear is an interesting thing. It has a place in all of our lives. I try to be as fearless as possible. I don't always succeed, but I like to think I try.
It became clear to me in an instant that living a gay life without publicly acknowledging it is simply not enough to make any significant contribution to the immense work that lies ahead on the road to complete equality.
I don't immerse myself in the Internet chatter because it opens you up to a whole source of danger.
Other actors are not my concern, and that's their life and that's their journey. Everybody has to get to a point in their own time and their own way.
My desire to be valued is manifested in cultivating relationships with my friends and family.
Again, as a gay man I look at that and say there's a hopelessness that surrounds it, but as a human being I look at it and say 'Why? Where's this disparity coming from, and why can't we as a culture and society dig deeper to examine that?' We're terrified of facing ourselves.
The interesting thing about my character Sylar is that my strengths as an actor seemed to go completely against the shape of a character in the shadow.
I believe in the power of intention to change the landscape of our society - and it is my intention to live an authentic life of compassion and integrity and action. Jamey Rodemeyer's life changed mine.
I just find that there's something about looking back on interviews, whether for purposes of remembering what I said about something or if it's for posterity when I'm 75.
Every time I get on an airplane I have a routine. I cover the inside of my nostrils with anti-bacterial ointment. I'm popping Zicam like it's candy. And I drink, literally, from L.A. to New York, six bottles of water.
I came up during the 'Star Wars' generation and that was sort of the thing I plugged into much more. It was a little before my time and I think it was sort of grappling with these intellectual ideas that were a little advanced for my young mind. At the time. But now I have a much deeper appreciation for it.
I don't really approach a character as to whether or not it's good or bad. I just approach a character as to where it lives in me.
'Heroes' really changed the game for me in a way that nothing before it had.
Parents need to teach their children principles of respect and acceptance.
I try to be as fearless as possible. I don't always succeed, but I like to think I try.
We are at the precipice of great transformation within our culture and government.
Gay kids need to stop killing themselves because they are made to feel worthless by cruel and relentless bullying.
I recognized that I had a window of opportunity that had opened because of my exposure as an actor.
I'm a big believer in the notion that our greatest potential lies in our darkest parts. To a certain extent it's only in facing those parts of ourselves that we can truly grow, and I think that's true of all of the characters I've played, certainly in the past few years.
I think it's like, you know, you can't get ahead of yourself, because no amount of success or exposure or opportunity is going to really matter or be ultimately fulfilling unless you can be totally present in what you're doing right now.
I love when you aren't accountable to anybody or anything, and you can just be wherever you are.
It is my intention to live an authentic life of compassion and integrity and action.
I would love to be a voice in this maelstrom of chaos and obsessive celebrity infatuation that says, 'Let's talk about something that matters'.
I find that communication as an actor and person is an important part of who I am. And I'm really drawn into the psychology of those dynamics.
