American,Athlete
I play golf for a living. I'm grateful for that. It's a beautiful game, provides a great opportunity.
I'm a foodie. I enjoy it a lot, and contrary to what it looks, I eat a lot. My comfort food, of all things, would be southern soul barbecue.
I've got a great support system, starting with my wife and family, to my agent, my instructor, and my mental coach.
I'm not the most charismatic, maybe emotional, fun-packed individual on the golf course; I get that.
Goal setting will never stop. I will continue to work hard and practice hard and see where things go.
I like to look good on the golf course.
Some people thought I'd be on the PGA Tour, that I'd win tournaments, play in majors, contend in majors, win majors. I thought they were crazy.
I have no superstitions. I don't have to have a Sunday outfit. I don't have socks or underwear I have to wear.
I just see myself as an athlete and a competitor, someone who just works really hard at trying to get better at golf.
I'm kind of a grinder. I'm a Cinderella, an underdog story who fights.
Elmcrest CC, in Cedar Rapids, is where it all started when I was growing up. The tree-lined course has a very demanding layout that requires you to be accurate off the tee and avoid a number of well-placed water hazards on some of the holes.
Whenever I'm in Des Moines, I always make a trip to Manhattan Deli for a sandwich. I spent a lot of time there when I was going to college at Drake, so it's usually my one 'go-to' food stop when I'm in town.
You need to make a trip to Des Moines in August, because the Iowa State Fair really is a sight to see. The Iowa Fairgrounds are usually packed for those 11 days, and you get a real sense of what a classic Midwest fair is all about.
There are a bunch of places to stay in Des Moines, but I'd suggest finding a place on the west side of town. It's a great urban area that has a lot to offer tourists.
When you're trying to accomplish lofty goals, and when you're attacking something of great magnitude, you have to have help.
I'm a Christian guy, and when it comes to my priorities, it's the utmost. For me, just to calm myself down, to keep my perspective when I'm playing, to not make too big a deal of it... that's where I go to. The peace that comes with that allows me to play free golf.
I've come a long way since 2007 when I kind of launched my golf career.
I feel like God gave me the ability to play a game. I try to take it very seriously. I realize it's just a game.
I don't know if I have a brand. I just see myself as an athlete and a competitor, someone who just works really hard at trying to get better at golf. I guess I'm kind of the feel-good story who's seen every level of professional golf.
Sports formed me. I was always decently skilled but lacked size, so I had to resort to using my skill versus my power. I strategically play golf because that's all I can do. It's the same on the basketball court. I try to get open and shoot it. Or I use the open space on the soccer field.
Golf is not my priority. I would hope people see me as a Christian man who loved his family, who loved being in the heat of competition and sometimes succeeded at it; who understood that golf was his job and that he was very lucky to play it for a living.
I discovered what it meant to 'live for Christ,' and that it honestly was something I wanted to do. The facts were there, and I could sense the Holy Spirit at work.
Early in the winter of 2002, I gave my life to the Lord. Before I was one, I always thought being a Christian would be boring. In reality, it has been the complete opposite.
I like to play what I call a-motional golf. Emotion doesn't grab me that much.
I had good skills, but my lack of size and speed kept me a little behind the best kids in the other sports. Golf offered a more level field. I would have rather played other sports, but golf picked me.
If you put me in the fairway at my average distance into a par 4, 175 to 180 yards, and you put another player in the rough 120 yards from the green, over time, I'm going to wear him out.
