American,Author
Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply.
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
Men may rise on stepping stones of their dead selves to higher things.
I must go deeper and even stronger into my treasure mine and stint nothing of time, toil, or torture.
I hate birthdays.
I confess that reading proofs is a pleasure. It stimulates and inspires me.
Writing was like digging coal. I sweat blood. The spell is on me.
I love my work but do not know how I write it.
I need this wild life, this freedom.
Today I began the novel that I determined to be great.
The difficulty, the ordeal, is to start.
Love of man for woman - love of woman for man. That's the nature, the meaning, the best of life itself.
I am tired. My arm aches. My head boils. My feet are cold. But I am not aware of any weakness.
What is writing but an expression of my own life?
This motion-picture muddle had distracted me from my writing.
Every once in a while I feel the tremendous force of the novel. But it does not stay with me.
I am full of fire and passion. I am not ready yet for great concentration and passion.
These critics who crucify me do not guess the littlest part of my sincerity. They must be burned in a blaze. I cannot learn from them.
I see so much more than I used to see. The effect has been to depress and sadden and hurt me terribly.
The Indian story has never been written. Maybe I am the man to do it.
I did not have one bad spell during writing - an unprecedented record.
It was a decent New Year's, but it took a million officers to make it so.
I will see this game of life out to its bitter end.
What makes life worth living? Better surely, to yield to the stain of suicide blood in me and seek forgetfulness in the embrace of cold dark death.
There are hours when I must force the novel out of my mind and be interested in the children.
No one connected intimately with a writer has any appreciation of his temperament, except to think him overdoing everything.
