American,Actress
Glamour is about feeling good in your own skin.
I'm learning the power of going away for the weekend and keeping myself company.
People think of Latina women as being fiery and fierce, which is usually true. But I think the quality that so many Latinas possess is strength. I'm very proud to have Latin blood.
It takes a lot of courage to face up to things you can't do because we feed ourselves so much denial.
I love aging. Why would I want to be 21 for the rest of my life?
Our censorship has sort of gotten a little too far. Too much censorship is just as bad as having none at all. Children need to be exposed to things, because if they don't see it, eventually, it's not like it's not going to happen, but it's just that there needs to be a balance.
As a woman, you spend so much time either cooking or getting ready to go somewhere. I like to have music when I'm doing either of these things.
Call me crazy - I love elk meat!
I'm more of a guy's girl. I like having a beer in a bar, and I don't bicker or sit down and do my nails.
Happiness is nothing but temporary moments here and there - and I love those. But I would be bored out of my mind if I were happy all the time.
I'm a sci-fi girl. If I can have anything in life, I'd want tons of great science-fiction movies and stories. It's so progressive, beautiful, and imaginative.
I don't understand labels. I don't need anybody to tell me I'm Latina or black or anything else. I've played characters that were written for Caucasian females, I just want to be given the same consideration as everybody else, and so far that has been happening.
Basically, there's not enough sex in movies, that's it. I'm trying to say it, people. I miss sex in movies because sex is natural, guns are not.
Growing up, my dolls were doctors and on secret missions. I had Barbie Goes Rambo.
I don't like things like little sandals that look fragile. I like to look strong and commanding.
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.
There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin. But God as my witness, I am going to try to do everything I can to keep this ass together for as long as I possibly can - without going against nature.
It gets pretty boring when all you are is the support system for a male character.
I want to be in the small percentage of women who don't settle for conventional roles.
I had to quit ballet because it felt like a part of me was dying inside.
In dance you use every party of your body except your voice. I wanted to start acting because I wanted to use my voice.
Music is a very big participant in everything I do, from the moment I wake up to the moment I go to bed.
If there's anything that I've always said about myself is that to me, it's much more important for me to get to work with filmmakers that I've grown up loving and admiring.
I just want to be a part of great stories, whether I'm part of an amazing ensemble cast or I'm leading it or the antagonist or whatever.
I just want to be part of great stories that are told and for them to be relevant.
Physical roles give me a chance to learn something new.
I want to be the best daughter, sister, friend and wife I can possibly be - because when I die, I am not going to be buried with my Oscar.
I want to love life.
