American,Actress
I love a good massage, and they gotta go deep.
It's human nature to want to be with other people.
I think a lot of people, especially women, feel like to be whole, you need to find part of yourself in another person - probably because of the fables we're told as kids.
There's a lot of people desperately seeking to find 'the one,' and I think we should learn to be more at peace with ourselves.
I think women are really self-analytical in a way that men aren't.
See, I will always shop, and that's sort of a problem. Clothes are always exploding out of my closet!
I think growing up in New York, you see so much at such a young age, there's no bubble to escape into.
I think all our characters are an amalgam of people we know in our world and ourselves.
Most actors and actresses are performative as people.
I guess actors are very sensitive people. We're porous.
I've always been a writer, and in high school, I was the editor of my school newspaper and I got a writing scholarship. It's always been a passion of mine.
I have a hard time waiting for things to happen.
There's no shame in owning a New Kids on the Block t-shirt. They were my first concert when I was eight.
We are very puritan in America. We still hold true to these really antiquated values, this idea of the sanctity of marriage.
I'm a big lipstick girl - I'm old school that way.
I spent my teens and early 20s shopping almost exclusively at thrift stores.
I'm a health-food junkie, so all of my food is a splurge, money-wise!
In my view, relationship movies never get old because humanity will never not be confounded by their relationships.
I think 'Girls' is pretty brilliant.
In most movies there is a Prince Charming who rides up and saves the girl.
Nobody's life is wrapped up neatly in a bow.
I love 'Husbands and Wives,' Woody Allen's movie. It's like one of my all-time favorites. I could watch it over and over again.
Most single women have been in that situation where there is a silent guy in your group. You don't see him as boyfriend material. He's just there, but you know all the same people.
Being a single woman is like going off to war.
Women always try to see the one good part of The Weird Guy because the dating landscape is so bleak. Women will say, 'He's very odd, but he likes to cook. He's creepy, but he makes good pancakes!'
For any couple, once you delve into the idea of non-monogamy, you're entering pretty frightening territory.
