American,Dramatist
Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose.
Trees and plants always look like the people they live with, somehow.
No matter how far a person can go the horizon is still way beyond you.
Sometimes, I feel discriminated against, but it does not make me angry. It merely astonishes me. How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company? It's beyond me.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Those that don't got it, can't show it. Those that got it, can't hide it.
Mama exhorted her children at every opportunity to 'jump at the sun.' We might not land on the sun, but at least we would get off the ground.
The present was an egg laid by the past that had the future inside its shell.
I have been in Sorrow's kitchen and licked out all the pots. Then I have stood on the peaky mountain wrapped in rainbows, with a harp and sword in my hands.
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.
Sweat, sweat, sweat! Work and sweat, cry and sweat, pray and sweat!
I do not weep at the world I am too busy sharpening my oyster knife.
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
I did not just fall in love. I made a parachute jump.
It is one of the blessings of this world that few people see visions and dream dreams.
It would be against all nature for all the Negroes to be either at the bottom, top, or in between. We will go where the internal drive carries us like everybody else. It is up to the individual.
It seems that fighting is a game where everybody is the loser.
But for the national welfare, it is urgent to realize that the minorities do think, and think about something other than the race problem.
It seems to me that trying to live without friends is like milking a bear to get cream for your morning coffee. It is a whole lot of trouble, and then not worth much after you get it.
Nothing that God ever made is the same thing to more than one person. That is natural.
Anybody depending on somebody else's gods is depending on a fox not to eat chickens.
It's no use of talking unless people understand what you say.
When one is too old for love, one finds great comfort in good dinners.
It costs you something to do good!
Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board.
If you want that good feeling that comes from doing things for other folks then you have to pay for it in abuse and misunderstanding.
