Scottish,Athlete
If you're going to be wrong, be dramatically wrong.
I don't think anyone enjoyed it. Apart from the people who watched it.
Even though they won't finish in the top four this season, they will still be of the contenders next season.
Everybody likes Brazil and we want the Brazilians to come out.
He's sharp, he can score and he doesn't worry about missing.
I don't expect to see them in the top six but I think of all the teams that have come up in previous seasons, I think Manchester City are the biggest club.
I played against the Brazilians in '82, who were definitely the best team never to have won the World Cup.
I think if Tottenham are going to be top four side, the fans and the club will need to get away from the philosophy of 'pretty football', that's got to go.
I think the reality is that, that money was probably badly spent.
I think when people talk about ambition and talking to him, it might have seemed that he wasn't ambitious.
In '82 Brazil showed that you can't win the World Cup without a solid defense.
It's incredible considering the public perception that he was tight fisted and he was more than prudent, and lacked ambition to take Tottenham to where the fans wanted them to be.
Manchester City have been in the doldrums for a while, they came up and went straight back down again.
Potentially he could be. He scored the goal four years ago in France against Argentina that was extraordinary.
The boy can do anything, but to be the star of the World Cup you have got to get to the final and win it!
The Italians are very strong defensively. They showed in Euro 2000 how good defensively they are.
The pressures are intense, because the rewards for success and the penalty for failure are more and more.
The World Cup needs a brilliant Brazilian team.
These guys live and breathe football; they get something out of going to the training ground every day.
We got stuffed 4-1, but it was just great to play against, it was like an education. You think you are half good and then you go and play against a side like that!
What I always do is just look at the players, look at the best 11 they can put on the pitch.
When George Graham was there they complained, harking back to better days, but I think that's a fantasy.
I hear people saying 'the way the game should be played'. Rubbish. That's the worst saying in football. You win the game, then worry about the way it should be played.
I wouldn't say they're neglected, but everybody is going to grow old and we should be looking after the older generation more than we do at the moment.
I had no plans once I finished my football career, which was a problem, so I had to go looking for work. Television was the one area that it was easier to get a job than anywhere else.
People say I'm bad at a lot of things. One I agree with is that I'm a bad driver.
