American,Athlete
Be yourself. Don't try too hard - it shows.
A woman's outfit says a lot about her.
I think swagger's a confidence. It's a confidence of you knowing that you work hard for your success. A lot of times, you can't develop swagger if you haven't worked hard to succeed.
If you've got style, you'll show it, no matter the city.
Of course New York is the Mecca of style in America, but don't knock Phoenix - it's not as big, but there are lots of people with style there.
You can tailor garments all you want, but if it doesn't fit in the arms or legs, it never will.
You've got to have the right attire for the right event. I attend a lot of dinners, a lot of concerts, and I have to be on the red carpet; each has its own dress code, and I have to be prepared. Jeans and a hoodie are great for a concert, but a dinner party?
My father used to always give me a basketball, a skate board, and a bike every Christmas. That's all I wanted every year.
I try to celebrate all the holidays that the Scriptures talk about.
Swag is something that I've had for a long time.
To be a great player or a good player in the NBA, I have to work on my perimeter game.
Education is very important, and I understand that.
I think I'm a little more mature than the average guy.
Shawn Kemp was the player that I grew up watching, when he was with the SuperSonics.
People have times when they want to go through different looks.
I love Terry Porter.
The N.B.A. is not an easy job. As you get older, you play this game for 82 games a year, and you play 11 or 12 years, your body tends to break down.
I knew I was good because I was the only 14-year-old who could dunk backward.
I never had a doubt that I would make it to the NBA, even when I wasn't playing.
A lot of people think I grew up with just my brother and me, but mom was there even when she wasn't. We had a good household.
My mom, she was, at a young age, caught up in the worldly ways. At that time, it was very intriguing to be out partying and having fun. As a young mother, she was caught in that.
I was just a regular kid in poverty, struggling.
I went from just a regular nappy-headed kid in poverty to Amar'e Stoudemire, New York Knicks captain superstar. But there's a lot in between that allowed me to get from point A to point B.
I'm not a religious person; I'm more of a spiritual person, so I follow the rules of the Bible that coordinate with and connect with the Hebrew culture.
The Bible is a history book.
I study Torah all the time.
