American,Athlete
Sports teaches you character, it teaches you to play by the rules, it teaches you to know what it feels like to win and lose-it teaches you about life.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.
Be bold. If you're going to make an error, make a doozy, and don't be afraid to hit the ball.
The main thing is to care. Care very hard, even if it is only a game you are playing.
Victory is fleeting. Losing is forever.
Everyone has people in their lives that are gay, lesbian or transgender or bisexual. They may not want to admit it, but I guarantee they know somebody.
I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion.
When they take surveys of women in business, of the Fortune 500, the successful women, 80% of them, say they were in sports as a young woman.
In 1973, a woman could not get a credit card without her husband or father or a male signing off on it.
I like entrepreneurial people; I like people who take risks.
No one changes the world who isn't obsessed.
It's just really important that we start celebrating our differences. Let's start tolerating first, but then we need to celebrate our differences.
Ever since that day when I was 11 years old, and I wasn't allowed in a photo because I wasn't wearing a tennis skirt, I knew that I wanted to change the sport.
I didn't really care if I had a coach that much, me personally, because I was brought up to think for myself.
I wanted to use sports for social change.
I was always in the tennis business-from 1968. I was in tournaments and also on World Team Tennis teams as well.
If your partner wants to be private, you have to respect that.
Sports are a microcosm of society.
In the seventies we had to make it acceptable for people to accept girls and women as athletes. We had to make it okay for them to be active. Those were much scarier times for females in sports.
It is very hard to be a female leader. While it is assumed that any man, no matter how tough, has a soft side... and female leader is assumed to be one-dimensional.
I think younger players probably just think they are who they are-they don't think about coming out. Unless you're number one in the world, nobody cares, usually.
A girl didn't get an athletic scholarship until the fall of 1972 for the very first time.
Any therapist will tell you that when you're ready, you will come out. To be outed means you weren't ready.
I always liked co-ed events best so we have two men and two women on each team.
