American,Athlete
Every day is not perfect.
Life deals you a lot lessons, some people learn from it, some people don't.
But when you lose a family member or something tragic happens, that stays with you forever. You never get over it. Knowing that you have to deal with that for the rest of your life... Football is important, but not as important as you once thought it was.
Sometimes you get caught up in what's going on around you. The reality is that you are just a regular person. At some point, the career will be over, the bright lights turn off. That can come back to haunt you if you're not just a regular guy.
Injuries obviously change the way you approach the game.
You're never guaranteed about next year. People ask what you think of next season, you have to seize the opportunities when they're in front of you.
God, he deals you blows that at sometimes you think you can't handle and in the last year there have been things that we thought we couldn't handle but we've dealt with it up until this point.
I may be a successful football player, but I feel like such a failure.
My wife, she still gives me a hard time, and says I hunt too much or I like to play golf too much. And she's probably right, but it sure beats some of the things I used to do.
I think every player should think that he's a difference maker.
It's been six years since I have had a drink and I have two girls, and my priorities are a lot different now and I just can't believe I was that guy. And I would not go back, I would not trade the way I am now for anything.
If I'm going to play, it's going to be 100-percent commitment.
I'm proud of everything I've done.
I really believe this team has a lot of potential - whether it's this year or in years to come, I don't know.
Every game I've ever played, regardless if it was pre-season or Super Bowl, meant the same to me, and I laid it all on the line.
As you get older, you look at things differently.
I can't believe I survived, not only my life, but I am still playing football 'cause half of those eight or nine years I don't even remember.
I, most talented players don't always succeed. Some don't even make the team. It's more what's inside.
Obviously talent gets you to a certain point, but it's what you do with it, how you handle.
Even in past years, when I wasn't in the Super Bowl, I wished I was.
Because after my first year I had a lot of success, took everybody by storm, came back the next year thought it was easy and didn't have near the season I had the previous year. It was kind of a wake-up call. And so, life goes on.
I've seen a lot of people jump on and off my bandwagon.
It's fun leading this offense. I don't think we've hit our peak.
With each game I play, each season I play, everyone would agree with me, I'm running out of chances.
And having a strong family, you know we've lost some members of our family and had some setbacks, but I think a good family and kids all those things I thought at one time... you got to be kidding me... Those things are so important they enable you to go on.
I consider adversity being good sometimes, you know.
I like my teammates.
Wisconsin's a special place.
I've always been a Packer, always will be a Packer.
It's been a wonderful career, I couldn't ask for anything more.
I think people have all faced decisions at times where you never know.
My intention... isn't to create controversy.
I've been pretty fortunate.
The way I played the game, the way I live my life, is very emotional.
You know, I've had my ups and downs.
You know I used to listen to music a lot more.
I really like all music, but mostly Country, older R&B, and the good classic rock.
In the NFL a lot of times everyone gets caught up in the business side of things. For them it's all about money and it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth.
There was a time when all I cared about was the next game, the next party, the next tee time.
I grew up a Saints fan, an hour from the Superdome.
As a coach, they would love to sit there and say, 'It's going to be five steps, you're going to hitch up into a perfect pocket, you're going to look at number one - no; you're going to go to number two - no.' It doesn't work that way.
Nothing, for the most part, surprises me anymore.
In spite of reports about playing with various teams, I'm enjoying retirement with my family and have no plans to play football.
I knew I needed surgery and I didn't want to have it and I ended up having it.
I think the 16 years that I spent in Green Bay speaks for itself.
There are those people who are in your corner no matter what, you can't do any wrong, even when you do wrong. And then there are those people that no matter what you do they are going to dislike you and that's not going to change.
Maybe I'm old-school, but I always thought you honor a contract.
Sure, sometimes guys pass you up in salary, and maybe it's a lesser player, but it's all based on what a team has as far as value in that person.
My job is to throw passes and be a leader.
I love doing what I do.
You can lose a game but, I see guys every week including myself, you lose a game, it's a tough loss, you're down, two weeks later you forgot about it. You know it's amazing how down you were, but all of the sudden you're like it never happened.
I accomplished so many things, so early in my career.
I don't need to have a retirement, retire your jersey, all that stuff to solidify my career.
