American,Athlete
My dad's not here, but he's watching in heaven.
Instead of playing with army men or whatever, I played golf, like for hours every day.
I keep defying the odds, you know.
I play golf because it's fun.
When I got my tour card I cried. When I got my first win - and my first pay check - I cried. All these things make me cry.
I love France. France is a nice place.
Paris is a beautiful city.
It's a dream come true for Bubba Watson from Bagdad, Florida to have the green jacket on.
I don't take anything for granted.
Winning the green jacket is great - I can pay for all the diapers I'm going to have to get.
My life is fulfilled.
It's an honor to see that green jacket in the bedroom closet, but I'm not going to become somebody else because I won the Masters.
I have a good team around me. I have people I trust around me. If I go the wrong way, they will yell at me. Just as they have in the past.
I was shooting in the low 70s and 60s by the time I was 12. That's the great thing about golf. It doesn't matter how old or young you are. If you're 90 and can shoot a good score, people will want to play with you.
Kids below 10 or 12, I think they just need to learn by playing at golf. Later on, in high school, when they develop muscles and everything, that's when they need to see about getting lessons.
People always ask 'Why is Bubba different?' They're just trying to figure it out.
I'd love to be part of the process of building cars.
I am uncomfortable with heights, I'm scared of the dark and I am scared of big crowds.
There is a lot of learning I have to do and a lot of growing up I have to do.
I have to chose my words carefully.
My goal at every tournament is to finish top 18. At the end of the year if I could finish every tournament top 18, that would be pretty good.
Everybody can see that my swing is homegrown. That means everybody has a chance to do it.
I'm a golfer not a history major.
If I have got a swing, I have got a shot.
I don't play golf for fame.
I just wanna be me and play golf. I'm just Bubba.
