American,Athlete
Control what you can control. Don't lose sleep worrying about things that you don't have control over because, at the end of the day, you still won't have any control over them.
A person that says, 'Losing is not difficult,' I don't even want to be around that person. And obviously, that person has never won anything relevant in their life.
I see myself not only as a football player, but an entertainer and icon.
I'm an example of why people deserve second chances.
The quarterback is an extension of the coach and has a certain type of swagger mentality, on and off the field.
Music can bring about different vibes on the field, off the field, urban life, going to church, leaving church. Everything the world may bring, there's a song for it to put you in the right frame of mind.
Word of mouth travels faster than anything else.
I don't even want to touch on the topic of black quarterback, because I think this game is bigger than black, white or even green.
I think for me, or for anyone who plays the quarterback position, it's almost an unspoken word when you think about leadership. Some guys can be a leader and be a running back or a lineman, or wide receiver, strong safety, or linebacker. But when you speak of quarterbacks, it's automatically a default that you're supposed to be a leader.
I. Hate. Excuses. Excuses are a disease.
I don't ever want to seem like I'm trying to command attention through the way I dress - but I have certainly been known to wear everything from a flamboyant suit to something very mellow and classic. I aim to just look and feel confident.
I have unbelievable trust in my offensive line that they will get the job done. Not only them, but the running backs and as a quarterback, I have to do my job in getting the ball in the right people's hands and doing what I do best.
I know when it's getting close to game time, I create a different playlist for each and every game. Before the game, to game time, to warm-ups, going to the stadium, I have a different playlist that puts me in a different mode.
I said on numerous occasions how I feel about my father. I love him with all my heart.
Playing this game, you cannot have nothing holding you back. If you're thinking, you're wrong automatically.
What happens when you take a lion out of the safari and try to take him to your place of residence and make him a house pet? It ain't going to happen. That's the type of person that I am. I'm that lion.
Well, I'm trilingual myself. I am, I know how to speak Spanish, English, obviously, and I speak pretty good Ebonics.
I grew up trying to be like my idols, and one of the main people in my life was my father. He played football, and when your father is telling stories about the game he played... Everybody wants to be like their father.
The thing that makes the great players great, and that separates players from different players is, when you going out there whether being prepared or not, you have to react. And if you're thinking, you're already a step behind.
You know, I'm an African-American quarterback. That may scare a lot of people because they - they haven't seen nothing that they can compare me to.
Because when I go places and I talk to kids and I talk to parents and I talk to athletes all over, and they look at my story and they see a person, African-American or not, they see something that they can relate to.
One day I hope to open my own day-care center. My passion for kids is through the roof.
My father always wanted me to play a musical instrument, and I never had that type of skill.
There are three or four places in the country where people think of fashion: One is L.A., obviously. Another is New York. And I think Atlanta has to be in the top five cities where fashion is very big.
My place of refuge is definitely watching movies and playing video games. I know that's kind of hard to fathom.
I don't want to be the center of attention, which is ironic. I hate having all eyes on me - unless it's for my job, and my job is playing football. I'm not that attention-hungry.
