American,Athlete
The best kids are going to become the best. But the best thing about it is that you're going to learn lessons in playing those sports about winning and losing and teamwork and teammates and arguments and everything else that are going to affect you positively for the rest of your life.
You have to free your mind to do things you wouldn't think of doing. Don't ever say no.
Track and field is the best way to reach out for kids. It doesn't matter how fast you are. You always want to beat someone.
Life is about timing.
Amateurism is the strongest form of discrimination in sports. Because it discriminates against the underprivileged, it discriminates against the poor. If we want sports to go back to the wealthy, let's make it amateur again.
At the end of the day, if you're a professional athlete in track and field you are the CEO of your company.
The trials on the road to world harmony are no greater than the courage of those who accept the challenge.
We cannot rest until we make sure that our families can afford to live and raise their kids here, that our seniors can remain in their homes and afford their health and pharmaceutical costs.
Every New Year's Eve, I have a pact to do something I never thought I'd do. So I created this list. You have to free your mind to do things you wouldn't think of doing. Don't ever say no.
Scientists have proven that it's impossible to long-jump 30 feet, but I don't listen to that kind of talk. Thoughts like that have a way of sinking into your feet.
I'm not supposed to be able to speak clearly, and decipher what's going on in the media. I'm supposed to be the typical amateur who's 22 and scared to death and can't believe he won the Olympics.
I always wanted to be wealthy. I did.
I enjoy my life, I love track, I'm set for life financially.
I've always known that sporting people frequently suffer from joint problems because of the repeated strain they put on their bodies to get to the top. But somehow I never thought it would happen to me.
Whether I'm 40, 50 or 60, I'm going to be as physically strong as I am able.
I'm not Carl Lewis the athlete any more. I'm growing into a new person with new interests and new goals.
I'm very serious about becoming a dramatic actor. I don't want to play cameo parts walking on as Carl Lewis the athlete. I want to go on stage or screen and be taken seriously.
'm so fortunate to have done what I love to do for so long, but the day I retired was one of the best days of my life. Not because I was happy to get away from the sport, but because it was clear in my mind that I had done all I possibly could, and that it was time to go.
I know there are a lot of people out there who have the best intentions but not the voice, so it's about people like me to give them a voice and hear their ideas.
I don't feel I'm qualified to be a coach outside the high school level. I think I would need to do more education to really be a good coach.
I'm not a coach and I know it. I'm too busy and it doesn't pay. I'm expensive. But I would always advise.
An athlete and actor are really two different temperaments, night and day. As an athlete you really keep things out and as an actor you really bring things in.
I found the emotion that as an athlete you block out, and it really helped me to understand myself as a person. I'm a really emotional person and it helped make me a better person.
Why do we have 47 million people without health care? Because America has become about 'me'. What's happened to 'we' as a people? I believe in that and that resonates to most people.
Most people want to become movie stars and I just want to be in the business. I already was a star. If I get the part of a lifetime and it blows up, then that's wonderful. But if the acting doesn't work, fine. I'll just be a producer. And if the producing doesn't work, fine. I've got a lot of other stuff.
I'm a businessman and actor and I still make appearances.
