American,Athlete
Having patience is one of the hardest things about being human. We want to do it now, and we don't want to wait. Sometimes we miss out on our blessing when we rush things and do it on our own time.
Tuscaloosa, Alabama - I love you.
Nothing has been given to Deontay Wilder. So with that being said, nothing is going to be taken from me. So I must stay focused. I must. I must. It is an absolute must to stay focused.
This is the hardest part for me. Just the waiting - the waiting to fight. The work has all been done, and you just have to wait.
I had a lot of great moments with David Haye.
At the end of the day, I am going for all the belts, so I am going to have to go through all of them. And I would live to fight the U.K. guys - even in the U.K.
When I structured my career, I looked at Muhammad Ali, which is my all-time favorite and an idol of mine, and what he has done for this sport. He was a real-life hero.
I was born a leader, never a follower. I never felt peer pressure. If the group goes left, I go right.
The British scene in boxing, not just the heavyweight division, is popping.
It's contagious to do great. But once that one bad apple falls, everybody else will fall, and that's how it is.
My dream was to play for Alabama - football, basketball.
I will be that guy to change this sport, especially in the heavyweight division. A lot of people have lost interest. I'm the right man for the job... I want to make it bigger and better than it ever have been before.
I'm always getting confused with LeBron James. Everywhere I go, I'm LeBron James.
Going to Russia is going to be nothing for me. I'm going to treat it like it's the U.S. because, at the end of the day, it's one man, one ring.
To build my legacy and be that person I want to be, this is what it's going to take: to get on the road and travel. Let's do it that way.
Some guys like to fight on even playing grounds, and some guys like to cheat.
You have to, as an individual, know how to tune that stage of your life that's in the past out.
People can be too harsh, especially with social media. It brings a person down.
All my prayers go out to Tyson Fury. I know it's difficult to be in his situation.
We know Fury likes to entertain and promote.
I'm not playing around in 2016.
I never want to hurt no one to the point so they can't go back to their children.
My right hand is a monster.
When one guy is doing good, it makes all the others want to achieve greatness.
I'm looking forward to the fighting with no headgear - I'm jealous. I kind of want to go back to the Olympics to experience no headgear.
You always pray for a healthy child, and in this situation, Naieya was born with Spina Bifida... We had choices on the table, and choices to terminate the pregnancy. We could have went on with our lives, and that would have been it, but we decided to take on the challenge.
I want to defend and put my title on the line as much as possible. If the top in the division are ready to try to come and take my belt - and the key word is 'try' - I'm ready to give them that opportunity.
I have so many things that I want to do with my life. I just don't see myself being a fighter forever. Boxing is my love and passion. It also opens up and sets up other things in my life as well.
I am very comfortable travelling and going into other territories.
I can adapt to any environment or any situation I need to, so I am ready to go to Russia. You take what you get or start crying about it, but I am re-doing 'Rocky IV.' I am doing the black 'Rocky.'
I am going to get world-wide recognition from whoever wants it, and whoever wants to challenge me.
Against Bermane Stiverne, they said he was going to be the toughest test, but I passed that with flying colours.
I'm one of the baddest, hardest-hitting heavyweights in the business. Right here from Alabama, baby.
Of course I want the Furys, of course I want the Joshuas, but the question is, do they want me?
It don't matter if I got a broke hand, got a torn muscle: I'm going to fight like heavyweight champions do.
I don't play boxing.
The craziest thing about it, I used to hate fighting, but you had to show how tough you was; you had to show you wasn't no punk.
When they throw punches, the breathing, the sparring. The heavy bags being hit. All of that - it was a heavenly sound to me.
Whether somebody think badly of me, whether somebody don't feel that I should be doing this or I should be doing that way, I don't really care. Whether they think that my fatigue is being laid, legs are skinny, I don't care.
If I have to go through Fury after my Povetkin fight - and I never look past my next fight; I am not that foolish - to get those belts, I would love to fight him next.
Fury made a name for himself in America, and as a fighter, you have to establish yourself there, first and foremost, to be known worldwide.
This is no game. You get up in there, and you take some punches. You risk your life, and then let me see you talk then. That's why I don't respect people who criticize fighters.
We knew Stiverne was tough. You've got to give it to him. He's got a tough chin.
I didn't even know about amateur boxing, period.
My daughter will find some of the sweetest words to tell you that can make a grown man cry. She still gives me the same inspiration. She still motivates me.
Size doesn't mean anything - not all the time.
I'm not losing no time soon, or ever, till I retire.
I want to put my name in history. I love history.
I always picture my grandkids looking at their grandfather and saying, 'My grandfather was the last or the first to do something.' There's nothing like setting goals and watching yourself get there, accomplishing that goal and putting your name to a part of history.
Some guys may play around and say a couple of things, but if I say it, I mean it. I may laugh, it may be funny, but if I say I'm going to get you, I'm going to get you.
I'm not going nowhere, no matter who I fight.
I think Joshua has been doing a good job winning his fights and beating the guys in front of him. You got to congratulate him for his success.
When I come to spar, I definitely come to spar; I definitely come to fight.
Everybody has their due season. And it's all about what you do in your season.
People have to realize that God has blessed me with power. He hasn't got me this far for no reason. I feel like God has a plan for me in this sport. That's how I have came up this fast.
I don't just rely on my right hand when I'm in the ring. That's the least thing I think about. I think about the preparation I've trained for, and I try to execute. And guys can't stand up to the power. I've been blessed with that, and it's something that can't be taught.
Once I knock Szpilka out, I want all the Polish fans to come on the 'Bronze Bomber' train as I bring the heavyweight division back to the top.
I'm the guy who has everything it takes to be heavyweight champion of the world. It's not just about being great inside the ring: it's about being able to do great things outside of the ring. Not everyone has that. I love to be out there with the people.
It's a great feeling to be the WBC champ of the world, but there's more to gain from this.
I definitely got into a lot of fights when I was a kid. I never understood it. I was one of those quiet kids. I never picked with no one.
No matter how many fights I got into, I was always the victor. I didn't like it, though. I remember being 12 years old, and I looked in the sky, and I said, 'God, I don't want to fight no more. I'm tired of fighting. I know what I want to do in my life, and fighting's not going to get me there.'
When I was up in college, I had a friend, and he was the only guy who knew I wasn't going to be able to attend school no more because I had a child on the way. I remember we was right at the lunch table. I was like, 'Man, I should start boxing.' I felt like every fighter that's on TV made a lot of money. I was like, 'You gotta make a lot of money.'
I don't know how a man can live with himself to get to the top knowing he didn't do it the right way.
I just love boxing. I'm in love with the sport.
I want the people to be able to see me and be able to see a great performance.
I still think about the first time I met Lennox Lewis, and he took the time out to talk to me, and he showed me different techniques. I'll never forget. Lennox was one of those guys that set the standard. He's a hard act to follow. But I love a challenge.
People who know me know that if I say I'm going to do something, I'm doing it. I am hungry. I am determined.
Anybody who knows me knows that I don't just love this sport, I am in love with it. I am really in love with this sport. I am obsessed with boxing. I eat, breathe and sleep it. You know, I do it all; this is my life. This is not a hobby for me. This is a lifestyle for me, and I address it accordingly. I take it very, very seriously.
When I am in the ring, all I think about is knocking my opponent's head off, getting him out of there. Hurting him. Putting pain to him. I will have no mercy. I will have no pity.
If Bronze Bomber got loose in the streets, it won't be something nice.
I wanted to show the world what Deontay Wilder is all about. I'm a heavyweight, and I'm exciting.
