American,Athlete
I play to have fun. I play to win. I play for my teammates.
People take everything out of proportion. Everybody loves to stir something. If you listen to everything you hear, there's a lot of different directions you'd be leaning.
I know I have a lot of expectations to live up to, which I need to do and am willing to do.
As long as you don't fold up and curl up into a ball, you'll be all right.
I can deal with losing as long as one is trying to win. If you're losing, and you're not trying to win, that is not fair.
I thought it'd be different. Kind of like, a lot of weight lifted off of my shoulders, as I don't have to worry about finances for the rest of my life, or my family's. But it wasn't like that. It was more - there's things I need to get done.
I could always hit the ball really far, but you don't need to be strong to do that.
That is where I got my childhood memories, watching the Home Run Derby as a kid. Maybe some kids are watching me. I would like to return that.
High school is what kind of grows you into the person you are. I have great memories, good and bad, some learning experiences and some that I'll take with me the rest of my life.
I want to have records on the field and do things on the field. That's what this is about.
I have only a relatively tiny gap of being at my best, in my prime. And I want to make a difference during that time.
Why would you give me so much money and not try to win? What on earth is the point of that? They have to be serious about winning going forward. There's no other logical explanation.
I don't want to get in trouble here, but the All-Star Game shouldn't count for anything. It should just be for fun.
I wanted to be a pro athlete. I knew that.
I hate striking out, but at the same time, I'm much better at letting them go rather than, earlier in my career, worrying about it so much before the next at-bat against the guy. You grow as you play, and every year, I work to cut them down.
I hate it, but a popout is the same as a strikeout. It's a matter of productive at-bats, a matter of how you do it.
If there's a runner on third with less than two outs, I clearly do not want to strike out.
I do what I love every day.
There's not much you can complain about - you're a Major League Baseball player; you're getting paid to play a game. People want to be you, wish they could do what you do. There are some complaints here and there, but there really aren't any significant ones.
I always tried to be Mark McGwire and hit homers like he did. I was kind of following his race, too, when he was trying to break the record.
I like to connect with fans, usually positive stuff. If there is negative stuff, you just look past it and talk to the people that appreciate you.
I play 'MLB 2K,' 'Madden,' and some old-school 'Mario Kart.'
You're not always happy with things that go on in life on a daily basis. There's nothing I can do. You've got to deal with it and still take care of myself.
It's not like my body has changed since I've played in high school, beyond being more mature. It's not like my power has changed, either.
I played basketball, baseball, and football. I never had much downtime. But I think playing multiple sports helped tremendously in my baseball career. I have the agility of all three combined into one.
I like that I've been able to maintain a good stomach and chest. Push-ups and sit-ups are my go-to. It is the simplest routine and the best thing to maintain my stomach and chest. I'll do about 100 of each a day, usually when I'm already warmed up.
