Armenian,Athlete
Manchester United are not just some club. To be part of this club also means to be part of a great history.
I never give up when I encounter obstacles in my way. I just continue going until I reach my career objectives.
I keep working hard, and this will pay off.
You cannot always have good times in your life.
Manchester United are not just any football club.
When your dreams are close to coming true, it does not feel real at first.
As a footballer, you just have to try to learn what you've done bad and what I could do good.
For Manchest United, every cup is very important. A trophy is a trophy.
It was definitely not the salary that made me join Manchester United; I went for football reasons - for the history of the club, the league, the fans, and the coach because he is one of the best in the world.
The most important competition is always the next match.
In my case, my mother had to be my mother and father, so I am thankful to her.
My father played five years for Valence in France's second division. I'd always cry when he would leave for training. Every morning, I'd say, 'Dad, take me with you. Please, please take me with you!'
I play football like chess. You have to think a lot and anticipate what could happen after you make your move.
I am very proud to join Manchester United. This move is a dream come true for me.
You have to try and do everything to show your best qualities; otherwise, you will not be here anymore.
My time with my father would be very meaningful, but also very short.
I like to play attacking, like a winger, or an attacking midfielder, so it depends on the coach, where he's looking at me for which position.
The most dangerous area is the centre, which has to be either attacked or defended in football, and it's the same in chess.
I'm trying to do everything with my family members, my friends, who are watching me every day, every game I am playing, so they are trying to help me to say what I did wrong and what I did well, and I try to improve myself.
I never promise something; I always say that I will try. Because if you promise something and you don't do it, you will always be under pressure.
I want to do everything to get to a new level.
English football is really different to football in other countries.
As tough as it was for us with my father gone, my mother and sister were always pushing me. They even let me go to Brazil by myself when I was 13 to train with Sao Paulo for four months.
I dreamed of being like Kaka, and Brazil was the home of that creative style, which the Brazilians call ginga.
The Brazilians are amazing in their nature. You cannot describe it; you must feel that warmth when you're around them to understand.
When I returned to Armenia after four months in Brazil, I was still quite skinny and weak, but I had technique and skill.
I can be very serious, but if I'm being honest, I'm very happy with the way my life has turned out.
When you walk onto the pitch at Old Trafford, it is not just a pitch, it is a stage. If my father could see me on that stage, I think he would be very proud. I was always kind of chasing him, and I think even though he's not here, he helped me to get to this place.
I've learned a lot from my mistakes.
Tactics are just a part of football because the players are playing.
Everything is up to the players and not the tactics. They're just small details that can show you the way to play.
It's always important to read, to know something about this world, so I try to learn, to know, to see what I can learn for myself. Be it from books, TV or the Internet, I try to know what happened in the world.
I had three very successful years in Germany with Borussia Dortmund, but I had the opportunity to move to one of the biggest clubs in the highest-profile league in the world.
I was always taught by my father to challenge myself and to continue to evolve in my career, and I saw the move to Manchester United as an opportunity to grow as a player and as a person.
There is not much sun, but I didn't move to Manchester to go to the beach.
I like to win the difficulties, because when you win the difficulties, it makes you stronger, so I'm trying to do everything to come up to a new level.
If you play football, you have to try to do the maximum, so I'm always doing the maximum for myself because, after my football career, I want to sit down and think I did something good.
I always wanted to become a football player, and I thank my parents, as they helped me so much to realise this dream. They always supported me on my path.
Not so many Armenian players are given the chance to play in the Champions League, and this is really important for me, because I want to do everything to impress the children who are watching me playing.
Every person has to keep in mind that they can grow up and reach the top, no matter where they are born, whether it's in Russia, in Ukraine, in Europe; they've still got the opportunity to show their talent and the culture of their people.
I am very excited - it's a big opportunity for me to play for Manchester United, a new challenge for me. I will try to do my best.
I really enjoy my life in Manchester, my training, my games, everything.
Coming to Manchester, maybe I didn't show all my potential, but in every game, I'm trying to do my best because it's very important for me, the fans, and the club. Maybe in some games it doesn't work, but I still keep working and trying to improve.
Everything comes from your mind. You have to push yourself to get things going in your direction. If you are stubborn, nothing will help. If you are sad, nothing will help. You have to keep positive and to work very well for your next chance.
I did not want to later look back in my life and say, 'Why would you not make times change?'
I read about the history of England, of Manchester. I wanted to know how people here live, their interests.
When I came first to Dortmund, Jurgen Klopp said, 'Listen, Mkhitaryan, it's your family name - it's too long. So Henrikh, it's too long. Let's call you Micki. Are you okay?' I said, 'Okay, no problem.' And since that day, they started calling me Micki.
Do not think about records, because one day, they will break.
If you make a mistake, your opponent can punish, and you end up losing the game.
Everyone is at their best against the champions.
It's not easy when you have a new manager because you have to try and adapt yourself to him, the team, training sessions, and the game.
Even when I wasn't playing, I always had a smile on my face because if I acted sad or mad, it wouldn't help me.
It's another pleasure to score at Old Trafford, so I will try to do me best to do that.
I remember once Manchester United were ahead of Manchester City by eight points and ended up losing it, so everything is possible in this life.
It's always a pity to lose or draw at the end of the game; it's always painful.
When we're leading during the game, we have to squeeze the opponent.
You can lose to any team and then beat your top opponents and still not be in the top four.
I think the most important thing is to play to help the team, winning the games - that is the main thing for me.
I don't think I will play every game, depending on the tactical situation, depending on the opponent, but I will do everything to try and help the team.
