American,Athlete
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.
We're going to win Sunday. I guarantee it.
I don't care what a man is as long as he treats me right. He can be a gambler, a hustler, someone everybody else thinks is obnoxious, I don't care so long as he's straight with me and our dealings are fair.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
I've figured out that life in general is a team effort; it's a team game.
When you win, nothing hurts.
You learn how to be a gracious winner and an outstanding loser.
First, I prepare. Then I have faith.
I was focused on athletics, outdoors, sports.
To be a leader, you have to make people want to follow you, and nobody wants to follow someone who doesn't know where he is going.
As a football coach, everything in your life comes after your football schedule. I just could not make that commitment.
I think there's always going to be a problem dealing with firearms, with knives. It's the animal we are that cause the problems.
The name of the game is 'kill the quarterback.' Every football team tries to knock the guy out of the game that's handling the ball.
I don't think that I've ever been a backup.
I was lucky enough when it came to sports and work ethic to be taught some basics that continue to be important.
My ego's not the kind that says, 'I want to be an actor and be accepted as that.'
I took my time to find the perfect girl.
Till I was 13, I thought my name was 'Shut Up.'
When we won the league championship, all the married guys on the club had to thank their wives for putting up with all the stress and strain all season. I had to thank all the single broads in New York.
What I do is prepare myself until I know I can do what I have to do.
I think that at some point in your life you realize you don't have to worry if you do everything you're supposed to do right. Or if not right, if you do it the best you can... what can worry do for you? You are already doing the best you can.
I'm lucky.
I was born with the gift.
Times have changed. The athletes have changed.
I was a workhorse; there was never a practice that I didn't enjoy.
Of course, in pro ball, they never hit the quarterback in practice.
Pressure just makes you go a little more. I kind of like pressure.
Until my senior year, baseball and basketball were my best sports; and even when I was a senior, I still wanted to play baseball professionally. But the family wanted me to go to college, and I guess I agreed with them, or else I would have accepted some of the offers I got.
I have no idea what my batting average was in high school, but I know it wasn't below .450, and that's pretty good hitting where I come from.
I think I could have become an outstanding professional baseball player, but I don't think I could have reached the heights that I have in football - being one of the very top players in the game, being a world champion.
I don't like going out on a date unless I know the broad a little bit beforehand. By the way, 'broad' to me is not a detrimental term for women; it's simply another word for female. Anyway, I don't really go out a whole lot, because there aren't many girls I like to take out and spend a whole evening with - at least not an evening in public.
Most of my recognition comes from us winning that championship. The words may not come out - 'Super Bowl III' - because a lot of the folks at the grocery store, gas station or mall weren't even born when we won the Super Bowl. But they're aware of it. It has had a tremendous impact on my life since then.
After I hurt the knee, football wasn't nearly as much fun. I was limited. But you make do with what you have. I adjusted some. I was lucky to play as long as I did, with the different kinds of injuries I got. I played with two severed hamstring muscles in my leg late in my career. I could barely run, other than to drop back to pass.
After my first knee operation, in January of '65 before I went to the Jets, Dr. James Nicholas told me everything went well and that I could probably play four years in the NFL. The surgery was trailblazing to a certain extent.
