American,Athlete
The only thing 'championship' about Wimbledon is its prestige.
What is the single most important quality in a tennis champion? I would have to say desire, staying in there and winning matches when you are not playing that well.
The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose. Life is a learning process and you have to try to learn what's best for you. Let me tell you, life is not fun when you're banging your head against a brick wall all the time.
Do you have any problems, other than that you're unemployed, a moron, and a dork?
I'll let the racket do the talking.
With commentating, I've had a chance to show the humorous side of my personality that I didn't use on the court. It's fun, and I don't take myself too seriously. I have good broadcast teams with me, but I'm not a huge stats guy. I think they post the numbers too quickly, and I'd rather let the match play out a bit first.
I was always fighting the establishment, trying to run through brick walls.
I didn't get along with most of the players I played against, but the one guy I did get along with was my greatest rival, so it can be done.
The older I get, the better I used to be.
I didn't serve and volley until I got to Wimbledon in '77.
I went to play in Brazil when I had just turned 18 and was the world's top junior player. I got to the airport, and no one knew who I was. I couldn't speak any Portuguese, and no one spoke English. Then someone said something that resembled 'tennis,' and I went with that.
Nadal and Roger Federer have great respect for each other. I think Novak Djokovic gets under those two guys' skin a little bit, and maybe they don't want to admit it, and I think that's, in a way, healthy.
You have to keep persevering. An actor goes to a lot of auditions and doesn't get the part.
If you look at the top 100 players, you would see that the great majority of them have had at least a couple of surgeries. That tells me that we have to protect the players.
I am finicky about making sure my sneakers are pretty tight. It is almost like a superstition for me.
Everybody loves success, but they hate successful people.
The greatest compliment I ever got was when people called me an artist, and I understand that solo aspect of being an artist, when you're in there by yourself, trying to do something great, and people who don't even know you can come up and just dump on you.
The good part of having six kids is, there's always one who wants to hug you and say, 'Daddy, I love you.'
I like John McCain, or he seems like a cool guy in a lot of ways. I don't agree with a lot of his policies, but he still seems like a cool guy.
I'm a tell-it-like-it-is kind of person; I don't like being misled or someone not telling the truth. That upsets me.
It means a lot to be back in New York. Particularly since one of the last senior event scheduled in the States was supposed to be here in New York. We were supposed to play in Central Park right after 9-11 and when 9-11 happened obviously things changed.
The perception is I didn't get along with umpires, obviously, and I didn't, on the court. But off the court, we had a good vibe.
Well I think that's probably one of a few, where I grew up in the City of New York, it's got a lot of energy, my parents are Irish-American so there was a bit of yelling going on in my house but it seemed normal.
When I was 15 and playing in Kalamazoo, I ran into a light pole on the side of the court and was knocked out for a little while - when I woke up, I was seeing stars!
I am someone who gets pretty worked up.
Sometimes you get hungrier when you taste it.
I'm generally happy, although my kids and wife may sometimes argue with that.
No other athlete in any sport has ever had to go through what I have to.
Tennis was a white, upper-class sport, and I wanted it to be treated like other sports were.
I won't admit to having a poster of Borg on my bedroom door. But I certainly found him to be someone who got me way more into tennis.
I would have thought that a woman would have become president before a black man.
What I think is frustrating for Americans is that it feels like more was going to change with Obama.
It seems like the richer you are, the more chance you have of paying less tax.
When I came on the tour, I thought, 'Why don't they treat tennis players the same way they look at football players?' Because I've got news for you: when they are on the pitch, they are not saying, 'Hello, how are you?' out there.
I can barely remember what I was like 36 years ago when I was 21 years old.
I've never seen a good tennis movie. They all were terrible.
I like to be close to water and the ocean, particularly. I love to get out and body surf. I like mountain biking, too.
London is great, but New York is the greatest city in the world.
I went on safari in South Africa just after apartheid had ended.
I remember when I was younger taking more pride in Wimbledon than the French. That and the U.S. Open - they were the ones I wanted to win.
There's a certain beauty and majesty to Wimbledon. The elegance, the way the grass looks on TV.
I'd never left America until I was 18.
I don't think enough players channel the energy of the crowd. If it's done properly, and you don't let anger overwhelm and distract you, it's like a shot of adrenaline in the arm, and it gets the crowd pumped up.
When I walk out there on court, I become a maniac... Something comes over me, man.
If people do things without thinking them through, that rubs me up the wrong way.
I happened to be one of those guys who doesn't play much golf.
The best way I knew how was to give 110% and want it more than them, and walk on the court and every moment of the match feel like it was the end of the world, in a sense. So that worked for me in a lot of ways. There were times that it hurt me, but for the most part, it helped me.
Roland Garros is the only one of the four majors that is 15 days, and that is too long.
It's only human nature to want to know what you can do on your own or with someone else.
When I felt I was rejected by my first wife, and she said, 'Some day you will thank me for this,' you know what? I do. And so, sometimes it is darkest before the dawn. You can think it is bleak and you can't see. You never know.
You hit a wall at some stage when you don't want it so bad, but you don't know when that's going to be - as far as competition or as far as health is concerned. Sometimes it's just natural. You just taste it, and you want it so bad that you find other gears.
If they think I'm better at commentating than I was as a player, then I must be pretty darned good at commentating.
The sting of losing is bad.
I'm sure a lot of players say it, but winning is almost so you don't lose. The thrill of winning is not as great as the pain of losing.
What made my matches against Borg and Connors interesting was, comparing it to boxing, it was like a puncher and a counter-puncher.
If you watch a guy go out on court and have a meltdown, you're not going to think, 'Oh my God, now I'm screwed.' Or you're not going to think, 'The umpire's going to give him calls because he's just told him he's an idiot or the pits of the world.'
If you're out there and things are going badly, are you going to cry or break down?
I was always taught that you needed to be intense and never lose your focus.
One of the things I respected about Connors was that one second he would be spewing a four-letter word, the next second he would do something that had people falling off the aisles. Yet he never seemed to lose his concentration.
You look at a guy like Michael Jordan: I can't believe there will be other basketball players like him.
I can tell you from experience that when you get that pent-up and crazed, it can be distracting.
Nick Kyrgios, if you don't want to be a professional tennis player, do something else.
I always got along with Borg, who was my greatest rival. People like to see me and Connors, me and Lendl, go at it. We didn't like each other.
I can't advocate people not liking each other. But... I'd prefer it.
If you really want to get it more exciting, no linesmen. And have the players call their lines. That would make the game more exciting, I promise you. It would be awesome.
They would go back and listen to my matches, and two days later, I'd be fined. Because no one heard it while it was being played, but they heard it on some mic behind the court. Is that the way it should be? I don't think so.
Jack Nicholson didn't get anything until he was in his thirties. You have to persevere and put yourself in positions, and sooner or later, you will break through.
I just remember watching Federer the first year he won Wimbledon. He was struggling with his back problem. I remember it vividly. It looked like there was a chance he was not going to finish. He had that look in his eye. Then, somehow, he found the wherewithal to dig a little deeper, and suddenly he wins the thing, and he's a different player.
Look at Becker and Djokovic. If you look at Novak's record since Boris has been there, it's been phenomenal.
I used to take pride if my kids were playing basketball, and I'd be there, and I wouldn't say anything. People were obviously expecting me to yell and scream at the ref and at them and everything. I wouldn't say anything.
Sitting there clapping and smiling... it's difficult. You're like, 'Don't worry about it, you just double faulted, you just played a really dumb point. Keep positive.' Then more clapping. That would annoy me as a player.
I did a terrible job of composing myself. I was a spoiled brat from Long Island who benefitted from the energy of New York.
I got a lot of publicity, but it steamrolled. Event organizers weren't used to that kind of behavior, so later, they tightened the rules.
Sometimes my negativity worked to my advantage, and early in my career, it got me going. But you need to understand that you're not just fighting opponents, you're also fighting yourself.
I'd love to see all the guys play their best because I think it's better for tennis.
I'm 56 years old. I like to get out on the court. I continue to try to play the best I can. Obviously, I'm nowhere near where I was when half this age. But I can still hit a pretty decent ball.
You can't give away points and games against someone like Murray. You're not going to make it to the top with that kind of effort.
Kyrgios has got to look in the mirror if he wants to become a top player and win Grand Slams.
I thought doubles was a good way for me to practice and get some reps in - I didn't like to train in the gym as much as players these days.
I grew up watching Dr. J, and I was like, 'Oh my God, this guy is the greatest basketball player I ever saw.'
Nadal is one of the great champions - a class act.
There was a line call that didn't look so great. I went ballistic. Called the umpire a jerk. Whacked a ball into the stands. Then smacked a soda can with my racket, and got soda all over the King of Sweden, who was sitting in the front row.
The best thing I ever did was when I was offered a million dollars to go play in South Africa and didn't take it. I was 21 years old, and part of it was like, 'Well, if they're offering me this obscene amount of money just to play one match, there must be something really wrong.'
I'm going to vote for Obama. I'm going for the change.
I was a Yankee fan until 1981. That was the year the Yankees were two up on the Dodgers and lost four straight. And George Steinbrenner apologized to the city.
I was a different kind of player as a kid and didn't do too much shouting and screaming. If things didn't go my way, I tended to get a bit overwhelmed. All I wanted to do was cry on my mom's shoulder. I didn't know how to handle defeat in front of a crowd, and I didn't want to be the loser.
As I got older and started moving up the ranking, the matches got more important, and my emotions ratcheted up. I guess I hid my real feelings behind the anger.
I can't speak for other people, but I still hate losing. When I did lose, I found it easier to yell than to cry. Guys aren't supposed to cry, are they?
Of course for your main rivals, you're going to get extra motivated for it, particularly if you haven't played him for a long time.
The mistake, if I made one, in the late 1980s, was thinking I needed to change my game.
I used to get two racquets a year. As you can imagine, they didn't last me too long.
I had a harsh lesson in 1996, when I lost four times to Andres Gomez on clay.
My best tennis at my peak was when I played a lot of matches.
I've seen tennis clubs close in Manhattan and garages put up in their place, and I'd sure like to be part of reversing that trend.
Do women golfers say they could go out and beat Tiger Woods?
I would put tiebreakers in the fifth set, no question about it.
I would not have an event before the majors. I would build them up. It very rarely happens that a player plays the week before, wins the event, and then goes on to win the slam.
In general, people are administered drugs too readily.
Women have it better in tennis than any other sport, but you shouldn't push them to play more than they're capable of playing.
You're asking too much of the women. They shouldn't be playing as many events as men. If tennis is best served by women playing events with men, so be it.
They should be required to be in less events; there should be less events for the women. It seems it takes an actual meltdown on the court or women quitting the game altogether before they realize there's a need to change the schedule.
There's always a concern when you play the week before a major. That's not the easiest time for a scheduler or a promoter, I would think.
If you yell at your box, I'm not really sure it's something where it should be a penalty. It seems like you hurt yourself.
I don't take myself as seriously as I did when I was playing, and it works, and I think people see the self-deprecation in my commentary.
