American,Athlete
There isn't a lot written about the motorcycle culture.
I grew up listening to a lot of soul music, and a lot of folk music.
I've certainly experienced physical pain in my life.
So you know, my plan was that I was going to make records, and be a rock star. And that's really what I wanted to do. And I sang from the time I was very young.
I've never loved anybody the way I love my children.
You know, we travelled a lot when I was a kid because my father was wherever the work was.
When you grow up around it, I just watched my father work really hard. He wasn't around as much as I would have liked. And when I grew up, I understood why.
Um, I have an enormous faith in God. I have an enormous support system that also has that same belief.
To be shapely when you're in the seventh grade is not exactly what everyone's looking for, or they weren't then, as someone was telling me the other day. now, that's like a really great thing to do, to be, but then it wasn't.
So they've actually - it's not that her character is a singer, but she had ambition to do that at an earlier time in her life. So I've actually sung two or three times now on the show.
Music is extremely intuitive, which acting too in a different way.
It was really fun. It was fun for a lot of reasons. It was fun because nobody thought that we would be successful. It was on a network that wasn't even there at the time.
I'm very comfortable as a singer. In fact, I think it's more - I identified my self-esteem, my self more in those ways when I was growing up. I really - it was kind of my calling card as a kid.
I'm a pretty emotional person.
I think we respond well when we do something well.
I think I'm a soulful singer.
I loved Peg Bundy. I am so happy that I got to do that. It was really fun.
I love to perform live.
I don't know, Y'know, I always wanted to be one of those cheerleader girls and I never was that, and I was never sort of cute and perky, and I always thought it was fun to be cute and perky, and those, I don't know what those girls are doing now.
I didn't actually begin professionally acting until I was 30.
For me it's also - the music is equally as important. I mean I think as somebody who writes music, there just has to sort of be the marriage between both.
Each time I seem to go through one of life's huge things, I want to play music.
But I started it when I was going through a transitional time in my life. At the end of it, it really sort of symbolized it. I had made room to change, and room to grow. I recorded it in a little room.
And this one I wanted to do some covers. So I just really sang some of my favorite songs.
And then I think now we are - you know his - like I've always said. His spirit is so large that we feel his presence around the show, and we always will. He will always have a voice.
And I think that's why I was going to be a musician. I was very rebellious. And I didn't want to be an actor. My father used to say to me you should be an actor if you want to be in the arts.
My thing about having another child was, time's-a-wasting!
I do tend to play characters that have a lot of costume and hair change. I sort of like the change of physicality thing.
I love interpreting other people's music.
There's so many great songs already written, it's kind of really wonderful you don't have to write your own.
I love to play gigs.
I have teenagers, so I listen to a lot of music. They turn me on to great music.
You realize mortality is everywhere.
We all have that desire to be kind of wild and bad.
I have this whole new audience now.
I work with all these amazing voice actors that do a kajillion voices.
I always had a struggle, which I still do, when you're playing a character and it's not necessarily your morals or your values. You're playing a character, but the way the media will sometimes ask you if these are your opinions, you know - they make you responsible for that, and I take issue with it because I don't believe in censorship.
'Married with Children' was racy. It was sexist. It was a lot of things, but mostly it was funny.
You know, episodic TV directing is a very long and arduous job. You have very short schedules, short short shooting days, and you have to get lot of pages done.
My parents were very artistic, but busy.
I really like sort of disappearing.
I was very rebellious.
