Irish,Athlete
I do a good job of staying positive and just moving on.
It's important to have a healthy balanced diet but not to get too bogged down about it. It's important to enjoy your food, too.
When you're so consistent, people have to stand up and take notice. I don't think people recognise or praise consistency enough.
Anything other than a gold medal will be disappointing.
I'm in a privileged position, but I still feel like the best is yet to come, and people still haven't seen the best of me yet, and that is so exciting for me.
It's such a shame, really, because we were known for our country of saints and scholars, and we grew up with such a great tradition with St. Patrick, and he is the one who brought Christianity to Ireland, and we celebrate St. Patrick's day every single year, but there's very few practising Catholics or practising Christians.
People say, 'You will be 30 years old; you're too old. You'll get your nose broke,' say dad's a pushy dad. You hear stupid things and put them out of your mind.
I want to tell girls, it's not about make-up and how you look that's important; you are so much more than how you look.
I tend to think year-by-year and tournament-by-tournament.
I don't get complacent, because I know if you slack off, you're going to be found out. This is international boxing, and every fight is a tough fight.
Mental strength is something you either have or you haven't.
My training diet can be quite strict when I'm coming up to competition; it's a weight-making sport, of course. But I eat quite healthily anyway, and it's less strict when out of competition.
I love all sorts of food, chocolate especially. I eat well, but I like the odd Chinese, like anyone!
I wouldn't really call myself a feminist. I obviously want equality and equal opportunities to the men.
I just happen to be a woman and involved in sport, but that doesn't necessarily make me a feminist.
I would love to be able to speak my own language and maybe have an interview in Irish, maybe after my fights.
I love playing for Ireland, and I love soccer, but when it comes down to it, I would choose boxing as my number one sport, as I'd miss it too much if I wasn't involved.
Fighting at the Olympics has been my lifelong dream, and I cannot believe I am there now.
There's not a lot of positive role models of women in newspapers and magazines. I think it puts pressure on girls. They think that the image put out, it's the way you have to look.
Sport is a great way to keep fit. It's a stress reliever.
You're clearing your mind during a workout. Boxing is a great sport for girls; it's really safe.
It's so true: the fight is won or lost in the gym, and those words really stuck with me throughout my career.
No world championship has been easy for me.
Every fight has been hard. Every world title I've won has been hard fought, and every European title I've won has been hard fought as well.
It doesn't matter who other people are saying the favourite is; I'm still going in to win the gold medal.
I'm just sorry I couldn't come home with a second Olympic gold medal.
I'd love to have a chance to fight in the World Series Boxing for women, but nothing has been done about that.
I know how it feels to lose.
I think it's important to feel those losses because I never want to feel like that again.
I always go into a fight thinking the decision is going to be fair, and I relish these fights where the atmosphere is so fantastic.
I've boxed many people in their own backyard plenty of times - in China, I boxed a Chinese girl in the final of the world championships, and I've boxed Russians before in their home nation as well.
I don't really change much; there's not much I can do about the judging in front of a home crowd.
I go into every fight trying to win as easy as I can.
Age is a chronological number. That's all. There is plenty of time for my life afterwards. I'm still a young woman.
I'm in the public eye. I'm recognised a small bit more. That's part and parcel of it.
The heaviest I've ever been is 65 kilos. That was during my Leaving Cert when I was just studying and eating chocolate.
Sometimes, the plans in your heart aren't God's plan.
The Olympics is a dream of mine.
I'd like to thank everyone for all their support and prayers. I'm so humbled by that.
When I have a few weeks off, I catch up with my friends, but after a week or so, I just can't wait to get back in to the boxing club and start training.
Boxing was just another one to keep me going as a child.
We do the weigh-in, then go for a walk, then have breakfast, then I listen to worship songs on my iPod because I'm a Christian. I always read the same Bible verses, too. We do the same warm-up a lot of the time as well. But, I have no superstitions before a fight.
I don't feel much pressure at all. I have great family support, and they take a lot of pressure off me. They help to control media and public interest.
It's ridiculous having the pros in an amateur sport, but at the same time, there's a lot of pros who are going to struggle over three rounds.
I think, probably, my best asset would probably be my all round game.
I can definitely box on the front foot as well as the back foot. I don't think that's really an issue.
I don't even wear miniskirts on a night out, so I definitely won't be wearing miniskirts in the ring.
There have been a lot of challenges over the years that I have overcome.
The pressure was huge going into London, definitely.
It's always tough to stay at the top for so long.
Definitely, there's a lot of strength in depth in my division.
I wouldn't be where I am without my dad. He's a genius.
I always feel like the freshest boxer going into competitions.
I owe so much to my dad and what he has done for me. And it's hard work doing what he has done, so he's entitled to a break.
I never think about losing. That's why it's so hard to accept a loss.
The Bible is my sport psychology manual.
God is my psychologist. And my dad is probably the best sport psychologist in the world.
It's so great to be able to inspire these young women today to get involved in male-dominated subjects.
I know exactly what that's all about being in a male dominated sport. Sometimes it just takes one person to step out, to be a pioneer, a trailblazer, really.
There are so many career opportunities out there now for young women, and it's great to have the opportunity to encourage them to get involved in these new careers.
After I came back from London with a gold medal, my focus straight away was to defend it four years on.
I think every fight is a tough fight, but I'm not settling for a bronze medal.
I always come into these competitions hoping to come away with a gold medal. I won't relax until I have the gold medal around my neck.
It's the training that's the hardest. It's the preparation. The months and months of preparation that nobody really sees, that's the hardest part.
I can enjoy myself and express myself in the ring.
People need to get out and do some more exercise, especially children who are stuck inside with computers.
Going to the cinema or a meal can be difficult, with people asking for pictures or autographs.
Don't call me famous, but it's hard to be out with my friends now.
It's great for my confidence getting a letter saying 'All I want from life, Katie, is you and health.'
I would have loved to have met Roger Federer.
I never went through an easy fight. Every fight has been hard fought.
It is frustrating, but all I can do is just keep winning, and hopefully, people will stand up and take notice eventually.
