American,Athlete
I learned to put 100 percent into what you're doing. I learned about setting goals for yourself, knowing where you want to be and taking small steps toward those goals. I learned about adversity and how to get past it.
As a professional, I think we're not being judged solely on technical ability anymore. People really want to be entertained and enjoy what they're watching.
I always try to start out with some type of goal. Then I work backward and think of what I need to do to get there, and give myself smaller goals that are more immediate.
At 6 years old, the ice became a place for me to express myself. Because I was so shy off the ice, it became my safe haven, with music and freedom and self-expression. That was my emotional outlet.
I'd try to channel my nervous energy in a positive way into strength and endurance. It didn't always work.
The past couple years training with Kurt have really brought inspiration into my skating.
I've had a lot more fun with the training.
My experience at the 1992 Winter Olympics was my fulfillment of dreaming the Impossible Dream.
Now, I am thrilled to be a wife and mother, and I hope to be as good of a mother as my own mother, Carole.
Being an athlete, you know how to train and prepare your body for a performance and you're able to do it under pressure.
Figure skaters have awful perceptions of hockey players.
I don't mind the sparkle - I think it's kind of a tradition in skating. I don't think the men really need sparkles, but for the women it's part of the glamour of our sport.
As a teenager especially, I just wanted to do my thing and not be noticed.
They say, once you have a child, your heart is forever outside your body. I totally understand that now.
Growing up as an athlete, I started skating very young. My parents didn't know anything about the sport, so they went with the flow. I had two great coaches who gave great advice and gave guidelines for my parents. My parents let the coaches dictate what was going on on the ice.
I burnt myself out of skating. I was ready to focus on being a mom.
Before turning pro, I would never have just left my skates sitting in the locker room unattended.
There are two or three performances in your life that are absolutely on, where all the planets are lined up for you and you feel you're invincible.
This experience has been once in a lifetime.
Skating was something I really wanted to do; my parents knew nothing about it. They said they'd support me as long as I was trying my hardest and enjoying it.
Dorothy Hamill was my big idol as a kid. She'd won the Olympics in 1976. She was America's sweetheart with her personality, her talent, her haircut.
I didn't want to skate for someone else or for certain marks.
Having achieved my own dreams, I want to give to kids who are less fortunate, who struggle with everyday obstacles. I want to give them something positive in their lives: support.
I've realized how precious life is. When I was younger, I was more adventurous. I felt invincible. I was game for everything. As a mom, I don't want to get injured because then I can't take care of my kids.
I never wanted to feel I hadn't worked hard enough.
I don't know how many people really knew who I was before the Olympics and that's the fun thing of the Olympics - you get to know someone who captures your heart, hopefully.
