American,Athlete
Exercise to stimulate, not to annihilate. The world wasn't formed in a day, and neither were we. Set small goals and build upon them.
It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it.
Health and fitness is who I am. It's what I do.
A systemic cleansing and detox is definitely the way to go after each holiday. It is the key to fighting high blood pressure, heart disease, cancer, and other health-related illnesses.
Mother Nature just gave me the ultimate physique.
Parents must lead by example. Don't use the cliche; do as I say and not as I do. We are our children's first and most important role models.
When doing your aerobic exercise, go at a comfortable pace until you've developed more stamina.
With the proper motivation, you can do anything. I was just a poor kid that ate pork and beans out of a can and apple sauce. I went from rags to riches. But it does take a lot of determination, inner strength, drive, and discipline.
I do some dairy. I'm careful on that; it needs to be hormone free. But everybody has to have ice cream!
Exercise is one of the best ways in preventing the rapid growth of obesity in America.
With all of the holiday cheer in the air, it's easy to overlook the ingredients in the foods. Ingredients such as salt, sugar, and fat - all of which leads to diseases such as high blood pressure, diabetes, strokes, heart disease, and cancer.
To be physically fit is just a small aspect. You can be a beautiful physical specimen, but you're empty as far as what it takes to be a person, and that shows up real fast.
I was able to get along with everybody. I really enjoyed all of those guys. They were unique in their own ways, and I think that's what made the sport fun. We had a great time laughing and having fun.
I've watched a lot of guys through the years, and they hold their breath until they finally win The Big One, thinking then they can exhale and chill out. You have to breathe through life, man. Have fun.
PR is extremely important, and being able to use it in the right way means everything. You have to market your success.
When little old ladies recognize a guy who was Mr. Olympia, that's saying something. That means I've been able to cross lines as far as marketability is concerned.
More than ever, we as parents and a nation must do something about the growth of obesity in our children. We must do more than just talk, we must be concerned enough to act.
Recent studies have revealed that children 8-10 years old are being diagnosed with Type II diabetes, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure at an alarming rate.
As the proud father of two teens and past Chairman to the Presidents Council on Physical Fitness and Sports, I am committed to educating parents and especially young people on ways to live a long, healthy and active life.
Most kids will not volunteer to eat veggies. At times you must step up to the plate and enforce the rule of authority as a parent.
Enrolling your child in a recreational sport sponsored by your neighborhood recreation community centers is a great way to keep kids active.
Muscle and water is critical in burning fat.
Beginning with exercise, the best training program available for real results is circuit training.
Rule of thumb: Eat for what you're going to be doing, and not for what you have done. Don't take in more than you're willing to burn off.
The circuit training program along with a healthy clean diet is the way to excellent results.
Walking is great to be used as an exercise program.
