American,Athlete
It's amazing. Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.
If you go around being afraid, you're never going to enjoy life. You have only one chance, so you've got to have fun.
Follow your dreams. If you have a goal, and you want to achieve it, then work hard and do everything you can to get there, and one day it will come true.
It's sexy and beautiful to be strong.
I snack on fruit and nuts. In the middle of my long workouts, I'll have a protein shake.
I always channeled what I felt emotionally into skiing - my insecurities, my anger, my disappointment. Skiing was always my outlet, and it worked.
I love skiing fast. You're going 80 to 85 m.p.h. down an icy slope, and I love it.
I want to keep pushing the limits to see what's possible. That's the nice thing about ski racing - no one is stopping you from going faster.
In the end, it's a mental maturity to let your best come out.
Medals are decided by hundredths of a second, so I need assurance that my vision is perfect every time I compete, no matter what the conditions.
I don't really believe that you need to be married to someone to be their life partner.
When my parents were getting divorced, I just said to myself, 'Go to sleep, and tomorrow you can go skiing.' I cried myself to sleep, and in the morning I was up on the mountain, and I was good.
I'm not trying to race the whole men's tour; I just want to race one time. If you know me, which most people on the World Cup do, they know that this is a legitimate goal of mine and not a publicity stunt.
When I first moved to Vail, it was like I was a little celebrity. You know, everyone knew my accomplishments. I was a young, fast teenager and making waves in the ski world. And it was really cool.
My childhood dream was to win the Olympics, and I've done that. Everything else is icing on the cake.
I get up early, but it doesn't mean I like getting up early.
I hate being helpless, and I hate having to ask people to do things for me.
I'm never tired of winning, and I'm never tired of skiing.
Mascara is my go-to product before stepping out of the house.
I never thought my face would be on the cover of a Red Bull Six Pack.
People get nervous driving around corners, thinking they're going to tip over. But you can go soooo much faster through the curves than you realize.
Athletics at the highest level is a sport within a sport.
When you fall, get right back up.
There is a dessert dish in Austria called Kaiserschmarrn - it's kind of like a sweet raisin pancake with eggs and sugar. It's definitely not something I can eat often, but if I've done well at a race, sometimes that's my celebration treat!
You have to be a little crazy to be a downhill skier.
I really like figure skating.
I want to show America who I am and inspire young kids.
You can get a big gust of wind, and your Olympics are over.
For someone to say I am overweight is completely ridiculous.
Ski racing is not about how much you weigh. If weight was the key, everybody would be sucking down food.
I feel like winning a world championship was a hurdle I had to get over.
Since childhood, sports has been one of the most important influences in my life.
I'm proud to be part of any Olympic team.
I'm not trying to get five medals. I'm not trying to be Michael Phelps.
My mom is positive and optimistic.
The thing is I have no ACL. So unless I get surgery, there's nothing really magical that I can do that's going to make it better. I just can get my leg stronger, my muscle stronger and try and support it a little more. But that has a small impact. My knee is loose, and it's not stable, and that's the way it's going to be from here on out.
I've been to a lot of photo shoots, and I see these girls that are just really thin. They're not healthy. They don't work out.
Records are the only thing that remain of an athlete, the only thing that people will remember. If I want to ensure that people don't forget me, I can only stop once I've set the bar as high as possible for anyone coming after me.
Golf is all about patience - one tournament is four days long, 18 holes a day.
In the winter, I'm always in Europe. July and September are New Zealand and Chile camps. I'm always on the road.
I ski very aggressively, and the angles that I create with my body are similar to some of the male racers.
You are only limited to what you push yourself to, you know? You can always get better.
I can be normal by myself; no one notices me.
I've always loved working, doing interviews with the guys on the 'Today' show; everyone's really easygoing, and I always feel comfortable on the show.
I've never once heard my mom complain about her stroke.
Ninety percent of the day is working out. Sometimes I get my nails done and go to the grocery store.
The Olympics were the most pressure I've ever felt.
I won't lie - I picked up the occasional gossip magazine in the past because I thought that maybe 5 to 10 percent of it was true. Now I think it's zero percent.
I'm not an idiot; I try not to look, but I see what people say about me on Facebook. I see other things written. But I don't care.
Being on one crutch to no crutches is a huge difference.
Just in general, staying healthy and active is important.
I don't know where I'm supposed to meet a boyfriend. It's weird.
I'm not a crier.
Setbacks motivate me.
I'd like to keep my personal life private. In reality, I know that's not possible. In the present, I'm trying to pretend it's possible.
My crazy training-and-competition schedule leaves very little time to focus on my hair.
Olay BB Cream is a lifesaver, and I wear it every day while I train and compete. Twenty-four-hour hydration and sheer color helps me look flawless even when faced with that unforgiving Jumbotron!
My mom is really tough.
Life's short, you know? Especially as an athlete. Your career is very short, and you use the opportunities that you have because you're not going to have them again.
I want to be known for my athletic achievements, not my celebrity.
Skiing takes so much out of me, and when I start a family, I want to do it 100%.
Nothing really compares to the original 'Law & Order.'
I can't picture myself being the people I always looked up to.
I always ate healthy, but it wasn't scientific. Now it's a high-protein diet and no carbohydrates. I have more consistent energy, and I don't get tired after a meal. It does take a very detailed meal plan.
Facebook and Twitter have changed how people follow ski racing. In past Olympics, you couldn't stay in touch with the fan base that followed you during the Olympics. They thought they had to wait four years to reconnect.
I find folding laundry very relaxing.
I don't know if I'll ever get used to the idea that strangers know who I am. I don't know if I want to.
The history of skiing is important to me.
I remember when I met Picabo Street, you know, how in awe I was of her and how much she inspired me, and I really hope to be that for young kids.
I use men's skis because, honestly, they work better for me. They're longer, they're stiffer, they're harder to turn - but at the same time, they're much more stable.
I take risks - that's my life on the slopes and off.
My favorite ski run in the U.S. is International on the front face of Vail Mountain.
I've always heard that heli-skiing in Alaska is amazing. I would love to be able to do that at some point in my life.
Vail's a very important place for me. Everyone kind of took me in and accepted me in that town, and they still have to this day. I wouldn't be a downhill skier if I hadn't been there.
I have a little Nintendo DS, and I play these brain games that are supposed to stimulate your mind.
Especially when I'm in the gym, I get really motivated by hip-hop.
I have three cows, and I'm looking forward to more in the future, so I'll have a little herd.
I love 'Saturday Night Live,' and it's such a funny show. I don't know if I'm funny enough to be on it but definitely would be interested in doing it.
I enjoy just showing people other sides of me, especially everyone always sees me in my helmet and ski suit. It's nice to just show everyone me, just me in my everyday clothes or just me in high heels or just me not in my ski gear, basically.
It's hard to give tips to skiers if I don't know how they ski, but I think the most important thing in skiing is you have to be having fun. If you're having fun, then everything else will come easy to you.
Even growing up, I was always the helper-outer, the sous-chef to my parents.
It seems kind of silly, but it's really nice to chill in the kitchen with a friend and bake. It relaxes me, and mixing is probably my favorite part.
I try to eat on the healthier side, but baked goods are hard to resist. I just love sweet things.
