English,Athlete
I never quit. The times when I have quit in the past because I couldn't face trying harder have stayed with me, and the guilt is not worth it.
It's no big deal if I disappoint strangers.
When you are on a climb, you always pick out people's words of encouragement, and it can push us on, without doubt.
I've been successful because I've never been someone to shy away from taking responsibility.
I have to make sure I get the right amount of protein and iron, and I take supplements for that. I think people would be surprised if they saw my diet, though; it's very normal.
I am proud, but I'm annoyed with myself for not believing in myself enough.
I don't look at my emails on the weekend or after 6 o'clock in the day.
I mean, for me, the reason I ride my bike and race is because I love doing it, not because I'm seeking recognition for it.
I need to learn to be happy and enjoy the achievement rather than already thinking about what I could have done better.
I need to go out on a ride feeling full and feeling ready.
I remember taking my stabilisers off my bike with my dad in the back garden. It was a small little bike, and it was called Poppy, had balloons on it, and was purple.
I remember if the telephone rang after 9 o'clock in the house, my mother would say, 'Who's ringing at this time?' We just wouldn't answer the phone.
I find weddings too procedural sometimes. I just want a big, fun party.
I'm quite un-traditional.
I feel really lucky. There wasn't a doubt in my mind when Phil asked me to marry him.
There are a lot of people I look up to and respect, but there's nobody really specific I would call a hero.
The UCI have to make the decision to put in rules into women's cycling that they have in men's cycling: you know, like a minimum budget to run a women's team and that sort of thing so that it becomes more professional.
I'm old-fashioned.
I love being world champion.
Any woman in any career has to think about when they have children, if they want to have children, and how it's going to affect their career.
When I have children, it will be my choice, and I won't feel under any pressure.
When I have a family, I will be retired.
I won't try and combine training and a family.
I don't particularly buy into all the nutrition fads and that sort of thing.
As long as my weight is healthy, then I eat what I want.
It's very special that the Olympics is in London. As a first Olympic experience, it's going to be pretty incredible.
It's difficult to change things in a positive way.
I have got lots of silver medals, from Delhi in 2010 and London in 2012, so it would be nice to pick up some golds, and the Commonwealth Games is a great place to start.
The harder the race, the better.
My family will be disappointed only if I'm disappointed, and hopefully that won't be the case. I'm trying to view the Olympics like any other race and I think the London course will suit my style.
It's fantastic news that the Aviva Women's Tour will continue in 2016.
As a British rider, it's a privilege to be able to compete on home roads. The British public have really taken to cycling, and you can see that when the race goes through different towns: the community really gets behind it.
I'm excited to see the growth in women's cycling, and I think the Women's Tour has had a really positive impact on that change.
I'm not a victim, and I don't need to behave like one.
I have never cheated anybody out of a victory, I have worked hard for every single race that I have won.
For the rest of my life, I realise people are going to ask questions of me, but at the end of the day, I am a clean athlete, and I have worked hard.
It hurts me to consider anybody questioning my performances.
Integrity is something I strive for in every part of my life.
I will hold my head high in Rio and do my best for Great Britain.
I am sorry for causing anyone to lose faith in sport.
I'm suited to harsh conditions, I don't like racing in the heat.
Cyclists need to obey the Highway Code, not run red lights, and not ride with iPods on, and motorists need to be more respectful and look out for cyclists.
I pay my taxes.
I like being part of the Great Britain setup. I like feeling I'm at a race that is important and the pressure that goes with it.
I'm 100 per cent motivated. I haven't done enough yet in cycling to be satisfied.
I've never thought about it in training, 'If I do this, then maybe I can be on the SPOTY shortlist.'
It's really important for cycling and for women to be on a sporting stage which is in the mainstream and across the board, not just my own sport.
As a female athlete, I think it's really important to stand up on a podium and represent females and what we're capable of, and I always try to make political statements with what I do rather than with headlines.
A family is something that I definitely want, but I'm 26, so I have plenty of time, and I try not to kind of confuse the two because, if I'm lucky enough, I want to make having a baby a personal decision rather than a career-defined one.
I'm not at the point of accepting it yet - but I will have to come to the point of accepting that people will doubt me forever.
I will never cheat in any walk of life.
I feel extremely guilty that I've had to put team-mates through extra media questions.
I think about Rio every day. Every day in training, it's something that drives me forward. I want to be Olympic champion.
I am one of the best in the world, and it's a position I should get used to being in.
I've got a lot of silvers. Second seems to be something I end up being. I don't want to be the bridesmaid forever.
A world championship medal on the road is something that I'm missing from my CV.
There's a lot of bunch finishes, which are hectic and kind of dangerous; you need a lot of luck to win those.
I could have been banned. That's what I was most scared about. All the hard work being for nothing. It was basically my livelihood and my sport being taken away from me. It was everything.
I'm one of the most tested athletes in the world.
I can only tell you that I am a clean athlete and an honest person.
In terms of being a famous person, it hasn't changed anything. It's not important for me.
I have to be a leader now. I need to shoulder responsibility more than I used to. It's changed me, but I'm OK with that.
I trust myself, the way I prepare. I feel like I know what I'm doing.
Cycling is a business.
Most of my friends are non-cyclists. They are interested and proud of my achievements, but, equally, if I stopped tomorrow, they wouldn't say much about it!
It has been difficult to get back on the saddle, particularly after getting whiplash and concussion, but it's just about understanding that sometimes it's OK to say, 'I don't want to get back on my bike for week.'
I need to be fit and strong, and I don't want to carry any excess fat.
Eating well is really important to me. That means having balanced meals, never missing a meal, never skipping a meal, having a balanced diet, and never doing anything extreme.
The Rio experience for me is going to be completely different to London.
It's fantastic to have the opportunity to race at home, so I wouldn't miss it.
I am not a robot; I am a member of a family - my commitment to them comes over and above my commitment to cycling.
