British,Athlete
It's perseverance that's the key. It's persevering for long enough to achieve your potential.
The reception and the welcome home was quite overwhelming but an indication of how much the Welsh people valued my winning in the Olympics - it was a great memory.
There are a lot of kids coming in to athletics, but there is also a big drop-out rate. We've got it right at the top end, but we have to maintain the base of the pyramid.
If you have a coach helping you, developing your skills alongside you, that's when you're on your way to becoming not just a participant but achieving.
I believe the friendship of the Games still exists. There is a tremendous camaraderie and atmosphere at the Olympic and Commonwealth Games - where else could you go and sit down and have breakfast with a Russian weightlifter, an East German sprinter, and an Indian fencer and talk about different cultures and problems?
I felt I was never going to beat Igor Ter-Ovanesyan or Ralph Boston because they were the joint world record holders.
As a youngster, I enjoyed sport and my ambition was to be a great sportsman.
Sport and life is about losing. It's about understanding how to lose.
There are hurdles to overcome in sport and in life. Sport is a very valuable learning ground for how to live your life in the best possible way.
I am a sportsman, and I hate politics.
It's about lessons for life. It's not just about winning either.
You've got to be a disciplined person if you want to succeed both in sport and in life.
It's not just about a coach telling you what to do and just following it unthinkingly.
You've got to be actively involved in the process yourself and you've got to listen carefully to what the coach is saying, take that on board yourself and implement what the coach is saying.
It's about somebody initially knowing more about it than you do but eventually you learn a lot about it yourself and practise the skills and techniques that you've been taught.
The IOC are the guardians of the Olympic ideal.
My sporting heroes were Ken Jones, Stanley Matthews, and Cliff Morgan.
If athletes are found to have taken performance enhancing drugs, then they should be banned for two years, even if they are British.
Dai Greene will be our greatest-ever Welsh athlete.
To win an Olympic title when there are 205 nations taking part, you have to be super-human. You have to be superman.
I think a four-year ban would effectively rule out one Olympic games - a life ban is too harsh. I think everyone deserves a second chance. If you come back from missing one Olympic games and serving a four-year ban, you are a pretty determined and reformed character.
I saw what politics did to the Olympic Games in 1980 and 1984, and I would defend the right of a sportsman to go and play and perform where they want.
The Cardiff Half Marathon has already proved itself to be one of the biggest and best road races in the U.K., and when the best athletes in the world run on the same course, the times should be spectacular. But the real beauty of this event is that ordinary runners get the chance to line up on the same start line as the best athletes in the world.
One of our targets as a country is to now work very closely with the Commonwealth countries - they could become a very big market for us.
It's not a bad idea to have gossip and talking points in athletics.
We're focusing on producing top, great athletes for the Olympics.
