Canadian,Athlete
Every day is a great day for hockey.
Hockey is a tough, physical game, and it always should be.
All I can say to the young players is, enjoy every moment of it. Just enjoy every moment of it. Your career goes by very quickly.
We, as a league, must do a better job of protecting the integrity of the game and the safety of our players.
A month before the season I stop putting ketchup on my french fries.
I don't try to match wine with food, I just drink what I like. And I think a lot of people are going towards that now, which never used to be in the past.
I think that with a lot of hard work and dedication, I feel that I could be the best in the world. I'm still only 35 years old... I have a fresh start physically and mentally, and I feel that I can achieve my goal to be the best again.
Once I'm at the arena with the guys in the dressing room, and in the bus, and on the plane, I'm a player. And I sit in the back with the players and I play cards and try to take their money.
I think the lottery changed everything for us. Once we got Sidney, it helped us turn this franchise around overnight.
Since the beginning, I always loved the game. When you grow up in Montreal, one day you want to be a professional hockey player. When I was six or seven, I knew that was what I wanted.
For as long as I can remember I wanted to be a professional hockey player.
A month before the season, I don't order fries with my club sandwich.
As I've said, in 2007, we're free to go and we'll just have to do what's best for the business.
Depending on how we start the season, I can play center or wing... It doesn't matter to me.
Everybody I talked to - from my friends to my family and some of the players - really gave me a lot of support from the start. And that certainly made me feel good about trying to come back and be one of the best again.
He's only 4 years old, so I don't think he realized, you know, that I played so many years. Of course, we watch tapes here from the Stanley Cup years, but I don't think he realized how many years I played.
I can no longer play at a level I was accustomed to in the past.
I didn't like the way the game was being played.
I didn't speak English until I came to Pittsburgh.
I think people in Montreal smoke a lot, and I used to smoke when I was 17-18, and just picked it up when I was playing juniors. But I think I stopped when I was 22, which was a big decision in my life.
I think the game has opened up, and that's why I decided to come back and try to be a part of it.
I'm only 35, and I felt that the time was right to try to come back and have a chance for him to see me play.
I've gone through back surgery a couple times, and of course, my radiation treatments for six weeks got me to the point where I was not able to play at the level that I was accustomed to.
It's up to the community now to decide if they want to keep this team.
My body's feeling it a little bit. But one good thing, my back is in good shape, and that's my main concern. I know that my legs are going to take awhile to get back to where I was a few years ago, but as long as my back is solid, I feel that I can play many years.
Of course, my family has been a big reason for me to come back, especially my son who loves the game of hockey - he was a big reason for me coming back.
