Venezuelan,Athlete
I'm taking my time. I feel much more confident, and every day I feel like I'm getting better.
First you help yourself, and then you can help everybody.
Days off always help. Even if people don't like it when they give you a day off, you've got to take a day off because sometimes you've got to clear your mind.
You've got to be flexible. If you want to win, you have to do whatever it takes.
When you're not doing good, the world's going to be against you.
I feel like the same person, but I feel as if I need to work twice as much now.
I want to be a Tiger.
Doesn't matter what people say, doesn't matter what they are going to say about you. You gotta go out there and play your game.
If a pitcher makes a mistake inside, I'm going to hit it.
I don't want to just be the best player. I want to be a great person, too.
I'm just trying to play my best and have fun.
If you go to a game nervous, you make a mistake.
When I was coming up, I just wanted to play baseball and I'm doing what I love to do most. How can I feel pressure doing what I love to do?
I want to play with my heart.
I want to do everything I can to play baseball.
If I worry about what everybody is saying, there is going to be a lot on my mind. I don't want that.
I am comfortable talking about everything because I think you can't hide it. I can't hide what I'm doing. I can't lie to people when they see something.
We have the great fans in Detroit. We've got a great ballpark, great stadium.
I love to play in Detroit.
We want to win a World Series for Detroit. That's our goal.
Every day, you got to do adjustments. Every pitch. You got to do what it takes.
It's why this sport is so great. You learn something every day. Every day, something.
How are you gonna score if somebody doesn't drive in the runs?
I focus on what I can do in this game. I don't have speed. I'm not a guy who can have a stolen base. I wish I could, but I can't.
If you want to walk me, walk me. But if I see something close to home plate, I want to swing.
I'm the kind of guy who, if I look inside and they throw me a fastball outside, and it's a strike, I'm going to swing. Everything in the strike zone, I'm going to swing. Doesn't matter if it's a fastball, changeup, breaking ball. If it's in the strike zone and it's something you like, you've got to swing.
When you see a guy play hard, it's kind of like you want to follow him.
When I do something, I don't want to be second best. That's the right way.
My wife says I don't listen when she talks. But when people talk, I'm in my own world. I think - always thinking.
You can't trust people.
When you grow up, people don't speak the truth. You can see, when you trust people, you help them.
