Canadian,Athlete
There isn't quite a feeling you get from playing video games that you get when you're playing sports, which is like a sense of euphoria. You just get the satisfaction of doing something active and feeling good after.
Paris is beautiful, but nothing beats home.
Although it's hard some days to wake up an hour earlier to do the gym workout as opposed to other skaters who just show up to the rink, I know that if I don't do it, my day will be much worse. I might as well not even skate, actually.
In skating or any amateur sport, as athletes we share something in common: the cost of training is quite a burden on our parents or on the athletes themselves trying to find a way to pay for their costs.
When I was born, my parents were huge into skiing. I grew up on Mont Blanc, skiing on that hill. I was really a ski baby. Loved it; I still love it.
I was born in Canada for a reason. It was because my parents wanted me to have the freedoms that this country offers.
If you look at all the sports in China, the government is extremely involved and they are extremely proud of their athlete.
I'm slowly feeling more Chinese and feel I should be more proud of being Chinese and appreciate where I've come from.
I do love video games. But after a while, you feel like you really need to get up and do something.
I carry a lot of muscle easily.
Even though I'm very Westernized as an individual and very Canadian, I guess I've lost some of my Chinese culture.
I'm very proud I'm Chinese and represent the Chinese community.
I'm extremely well recognized in Korea just because of what I do on the ice, and there is a lack of that in Canada because hockey is our sport and it will be for eternity.
I skate just to satisfy my own desire and not care about other people's desire for me to do well.
I'm not good at multitasking.
I hope I can compete in one or two Olympics in my career. Of course I would like to win a medal, but just being there would be awesome.
I'm not a big traveller.
My parents are very good parents and have already said that they will look after me until the end of my skating career.
I know that, in hockey, the object of the game is simple in that you have to get the puck into the net. With figure skating, it's not as simple, and there is a ton of work that goes into it.
Injuries are a huge thing for skating. I think skating is a very unnatural sport for the body, very tough on the joints.
Experience is a funny thing. You don't always have it when you need it.
I tried all kinds of sports when I was a kid, like soccer and tennis and golf, and, in fact, started skating to be able to play hockey.
I love figure skating and what I am able to express creatively. I want to leave a legacy in the sport.
