American,Athlete
Don't walk through life just playing football. Don't walk through life just being an athlete. Athletics will fade. Character and integrity and really making an impact on someone's life, that's the ultimate vision, that's the ultimate goal - bottom line.
Life is about being a versatile athlete and training in all realms of life.
No matter the circumstances that you may be going through, just push through it.
So, if I give any credit, besides giving all credit to God, for being totally healthy, it's just my workout and how much torture I put my body through in the offseason.
Whatever your path is, that's your path.
You can talk about what you see from the outside; it's hard to tell me who I am when you're just looking at me with a football uniform on. That's a totally different person. That's my job, that's it.
I honor God that much in the way I play. That's why I never believe in getting tired. I don't even know what that word means.
You got to be willing to walk in a storm. That's what I tell people all the time.
God has never made a mistake. Ever.
My mom calls me an older soul because, growing up, she taught me stuff real early. Now I spend most of my time chasing wisdom, chasing understanding.
Let me explain my job very simply: My job is to line up five, seven, 10 yards in front of a man and run into him at full speed.
Some people take certain things and they try to forget what that pain felt like. I don't. I take that same pain and I chase it every time I walk in a weight room.
With all the things I've been through, the No. 1 thing that I've learned is that we're supposed to help people through this world.
When I step on the field, it's on. I know it's time to go to work.
There's one secret to hitting hard, and that is to completely dedicate your body. That's the difference between a man going forward and a man going backward, no matter how big he is.
If there's something in your life that you know needs changing, make sure you change it before God's got to change it. Because if God's got to change it, you ain't going to like it.
One thing about God's will, you can never see God's will before it happens. You can only see at the end of it.
I don't know a man on this Earth who can outwork me.
You have to find that place that is very quiet in your head, and anytime I read it, anytime I come across it, my Bible, the first Scripture in there is Psalms 91.
I'm a prideful person when it comes to competition.
I don't care where we're going; I'm gonna wear a suit all day, every day.
If you clean your body out so that it is not fighting against you, you rest better, think better and you're always light on your feet.
You have to be careful of people who like to talk a big game but can't back it up.
I don't train for football; I train more for a lifestyle.
Every day, we've got to do something physical. It's mind, body and spirit.
I don't believe a thing about a curse. I don't understand how we can talk about a curse. You have to remember, God is blessed and man can't curse, no matter how hard they try.
