American,Athlete
A baseball swing is a very finely tuned instrument. It is repetition, and more repetition, then a little more after that.
Fans don't boo nobodies.
In the building I live in on Park Avenue there are ten people who could buy the Yankees, but none of them could hit the ball out of Yankee Stadium.
Hitting is better than sex.
The greatest manager has a knack for making ballplayers think they are better than they think they are.
When I was with the Yankees in 1978, we were playing Baltimore at Yankee Stadium, and the score was 3 - 3 going into the bottom of the ninth inning. I led off against Tippy Martinez - a little left-hander who always gave me trouble - and the count went to three-and-oh.
I represent both the underdog and the overdog in our society.
The only difference between me and those other great Yankees is my skin color.
After Jackie Robinson the most important black in baseball history is Reggie Jackson, I really mean that.
I'm human and I've played my butt off for ten years. I'm not a loafer, I'm not a jerk, I'm a baseball player.
Misconception Number 1, the public always thought, 'Reggie has a massive ego; he's narcissistic, he's cocky, he needs everyone to look at him all the time,' because that's what the media told them. Wrong. I could handle the attention. I didn't let the attention affect my performance. But I never needed the attention.
I have a hard time believing athletes are overpriced. If an owner is losing money, give it up. It's a business. I have trouble figuring out why owners would stay in if they're losing money.
The only reason I don't like playing in the World Series is I can't watch myself play.
When I stepped into the box, I felt the at-bat belonged to me. Everybody else was there for my convenience. The pitcher was there to throw me a ball to hit. The catcher was there to throw it back to him if he didn't give me what I wanted the first time. And the umpire was lucky that he was close enough to watch.
I am the best in baseball.
I'd like to be able to light the fire a little bit.
I didn't come to New York to be a star, I brought my star with me.
I don't mind getting beaten, but I hate to lose.
October, that's when they pay off for playing ball.
Please God, let me hit one. I'll tell everybody you did it.
The only way I'm going to win a Gold Glove is with a can of spray paint.
When you take a pitch and line it somewhere, it's like you've thought of something and put it there with beautiful clarity.
When you've played this game for ten years and gone to bat seven-thousand times and gotten two-thousand hits do you know what that really means? It means you've gone zero for five-thousand.
You don't face Nolan Ryan without your rest. He's the only guy I go against that makes me go to bed before midnight.
You know, this game's not very much fun when you're only hitting .247.
I was reminded that when we lose and I strike out, a billion people in China don't care.
This is what happens when you get old and have a couple of bucks. You go back and try to be young again.
No. No, no, no, no, Blyleven wasn't even the dominant pitcher of his era - it was Jack Morris.
I didn't see Kirby Puckett as a Hall of Famer. I didn't see Gary Carter as a Hall of Famer. I didn't see Don Sutton as a Hall of Famer. I didn't see Phil Niekro as a Hall of Famer. As much as I like Jim Rice, I'm not so sure he's a Hall of Famer.
Lee May's about the same age as me; he's got about the same stats. So how come he's making about one-eighty, two hundred thousand, and I'm the best damn paid player in the game? I'll tell you why: Because I put the meat in the seats!
The will to win is worthless if you don't get paid for it.
You can play football and be the next Jim Brown or play baseball and be the next Reggie Jackson.
If I played today, I'd stay in trouble. I'd be in the commissioner's office all the time, I guess. I'd be everywhere - including where I wasn't supposed to be.
I couldn't accept the racial epithets in reference to players like Elliott Maddox or Billy Sample.
There's a certain time that when somebody asks you a question, you answer them. I don't think I said anything with venom. If you can express yourself without anger and make it as palatable as you can, that's what you do.
The mini-series 'The Bronx is Burning' thoroughly embarrassed me the way the story was told.
I know I never saw Casey Stengel when I was being scouted. And how could you be in a ballpark and not know if Casey Stengel was there?
Billy Martin was a human tragedy, in the real sense of the words.
