South African,Athlete
I've always been kind of a shy guy. Not very outgoing. I might not start a conversation, but if somebody else does, I'll chat away.
I remember winning the first time, you know, suddenly everybody expects, well, okay, now he should win every time he tees it up, win six tournaments.
I turned pro and won Rookie of the Year on the South African Tour and then it took me two tries at the qualifying school on the European Tour and to get my card and the rest is history.
I'm not that clued up on the American sports yet, really.
Pretty much whoever wins the tournament at the end of the week is the guy that putted probably the best.
Golf is growing, and there are more good young players, but you don't see them going abroad. It's so expensive to travel.
Golf is flexibility, and I notice more guys injured. You can overdo this conditioning.
I'm a good listener.
I do like match play. I like trying to match an opponent shot for shot. It's a challenge. And it's something different.
There are a number of golfers who are playing great golf in their 40s.
Majors are important but so is every other tournament I play.
Just about every player on tour has a bad back. It's just one of those games that does mess you up a little bit. You've got to keep looking after it.
Well my dad was a pretty good player at one stage and my two older brothers played golf as well. So there were always golf clubs flying around the house.
I played a lot of other sports at school and just one day the golf bug bit me and I started playing serious golf from when I was ten years old.
Traveling around, it's difficult to follow much TV. Mainly I'm somebody who watches sports.
I hang around under the radar. Nobody is bothering me for interviews.
You could play well and still lose.
You can't really measure your game. You can shoot seven under and lose and you can shoot even and win.
I've got an L3 bulging disk and degenerating disk. It's bulging in two places. Yeah, it's not good.
You know, one day you make putts and the next day you don't.
I mean, to win a major, you've got to be a good player and you've got to get your breaks, as well, to win.
