American,Athlete
I've had to learn to fight all my life - got to learn to keep smiling. If you smile things will work out.
Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.
I'm really exciting. I smile a lot, I win a lot, and I'm really sexy.
Since I don't look like every other girl, it takes a while to be okay with that. To be different. But different is good.
I'm not used to crying. It's a little difficult. All my life I've had to fight. It's just another fight I'm going to have to learn how to win, that's all. I'm just going to have to keep smiling.
I decided I can't pay a person to rewind time, so I may as well get over it.
I am not a robot. I have a heart and I bleed.
Luck has nothing to do with it, because I have spent many, many hours, countless hours, on the court working for my one moment in time, not knowing when it would come.
Hopefully, we can build a rivalry and we'll be able to do this a lot. Make a legacy, then retire champions.
I'm a real extrovert, but when I'm round someone new, I'm super shy.
If anything, you know, I think losing makes me even more motivated.
I think a smile can make your whole body. Models, they look fabulous, but they don't smile, and they look so mad.
All my life I'd woken up to tennis, tennis, tennis. Even if I don't go to practise, I'm thinking about it all day.
No one likes getting their nails done more than I do.
I love who I am, and I encourage other people to love and embrace who they are. But it definitely wasn't easy - it took me a while.
I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support.
I'm Serena Williams on the court, but away I have so many different names. I call myself Butterfly.
I always say that when I'm playing well, no one can beat me. I'm not just saying that to sound full of myself or anything, but it's true.
I want to be a giving woman and just a nice person in general.
I wanted to get really fit. I wanted to lose some weight. So I've been doing Pilates and yoga, trying to lean out my body so I won't be bulky.
My school was really small, but I was called the Class Clown!
You can be whatever size you are, and you can be beautiful both inside and out. We're always told what's beautiful and what's not, and that's not right.
Venus told me the other day that champions don't get nervous in tight situations. That really helped me a lot. I decided I shouldn't get nervous and just do the best I can.
I was just tired of losing... Life was passing me by.
There's one thing I'm really good at, and that's hitting the ball over a net, in a box. I'm excellent.
I'm totally human.
I've never been over-dramatic in my whole career.
Someone like Billie Jean King is completely my idol.
I feel like I'm really young and I'm only thinking about my career and continuing playing.
I love my dogs.
I love going to movies.
Honestly, I don't read the press. I don't know what they're saying.
When you're playing the best player in the world, you've got to play well.
How many people yell at linespeople? I see it happening all the time. I don't know how many times I have seen that happen.
To this day, I don't love my arms. People want more fit arms, but my arms are too fit. But I'm not complaining. They pay my bills.
I'm super-curvy.
I'm so frugal, you wouldn't believe it.
My dad is a marketing mastermind.
If I step on a scale, I won't eat for five months.
I hate losing.
I've always enjoyed acting. When we were younger, my sisters and I would put on plays for our parents.
When I was younger, I was always obsessed with nails.
I'm really super feminine, and I'm really soft. I'm very sensitive, I realized.
I do want to look good still; I do want to be healthy.
What's going to make me happy is going on the court and holding up trophies, singles and doubles.
I've developed a karaoke habit. I've become a crooner.
I feel as a brand I'm here to be around for a long time.
I try not to have too many rituals because I believe that rituals don't help you win. I used to do rituals a lot and it was crazy.
I love designing dresses and tops.
People see me on the court only as a superhero, grunting and winning. They think you're a robot, and I'm not.
My mom taught me how to sew when I was 2 or 3, so I've been sewing for as long as I can remember.
I've thought it would be cool to have a baby young. You know, be my road dog - like my dogs, they travel the world - but there's always something you have to give up for success. Everything comes at a cost. Just what are you willing to pay for it?
