Canadian,Athlete
The biggest thing for me is the passion that I've always had for hockey. I remember growing up, no matter what I did in life, my parents always told me to try to do my best at it and be my best. I can say going through different things that that passion is the most important part. It's not skills or talent or any of that stuff.
Whether you're trying to learn in hockey or trying to learn in life, I've always tried to be observant and tried to learn more, tried to evolve, whether it's as a hockey player or as a person. With each year, I try to do that.
I think as a Canadian hockey player, you go through it in your mind so many times, being able to stand on that blue line and hear your national anthem play and being a gold medal champion, you dream of that. And then to be able to accomplish that and actually win a gold medal and represent your country its an amazing feeling.
I don't think you're human if you don't get nervous.
I'm not picky. When I'm hungry, I eat.
I want to be the best, so whatever comes with that, I'll have to accept.
Growing up in Canada, I didn't watch football much.
I'm most comfortable definitely when I'm on the ice. I love to play. It's something that I just love to do.
In football, every play, play after play, there's that physicality. Football players only play once a week, so they must really need to rest. That does kind of tell you how physical the sport is. But in hockey, you have the boards. I just couldn't say which is more physical.
When you get a typical injury, you're given a time frame; you're gradually working towards getting back. With concussions, there is not generally a time frame or a span where you're feeling better. You feel like you're getting better, and it can be one day and you're back to where you started.
I always wanted to be the best and to get the most out of myself.
I think every athlete will tell you no matter what sport you're in, when you train so hard and when you care so much about doing what you do, there's a little bit of nerves that come with that. But nerves that won't prevent you form performing, nerves that, hopefully, allow you to be that much more motivated and inspired to do well.
Challenging someone is good. You need to do it. Sometimes they don't even realize you're doing it, like when you joke with a goalie, 'What's wrong today? You losing it?'
I am putting pressure on myself to do my best and perform to my potential.
Individual honors and scoring championships are great, but my No. 1 goal is to win the Stanley Cup.
People are going to have their opinions. Whether it's good or bad, I don't really think about it either way.
I try to stay pretty level-headed and just do what I have to do.
Obviously, I don't want to be in the box for over a hundred minutes during the season, but at the same time I have to try to play with an edge and battle out there.
I don't have one favourite band. I like everything.
In my situation there are often things I need to do for the team, so when I get the chance to relax it's all I want to do.
It is so important to me to have my time away from hockey. Obviously, hockey is my passion; I love it. But definitely for me, time away from the rink and time when my mind isn't thinking about hockey is important.
It's really football, tennis, and golf that I watch other than hockey.
Breakaway goals are fun.
I'll be the first one to admit my first couple of years I was pretty hard on the refs.
There's no doubt I'm emotional.
It's not that hard to stay grounded. It's the way I was brought up.
