Swiss,Athlete
As a tennis player, you have to get used to losing every week. Unless you win the tournament, you always go home as a loser. But you have to take the positive out of a defeat and go back to work. Improve to fail better.
I always try to find the positives in losing a match, but it's not always easy.
My body is for my tennis - it's for my sport. I'm not a model at all. I don't work out to go to the beach: I work out to play well and to do well on the court.
I never expected to win a Grand Slam because, for me, I was not good enough to beat those guys.
I like my easy life at home. I like to live in Switzerland. I like to be with my wife, with my daughter, to take my daughter to school, to lead a normal life. I try everything possible to keep that.
I'm always proud to play for Switzerland, and that will always be something really special.
I am really close friends with Roger Federer and also with Benoit Paire.
I like to go to Mauritius on holiday.
My favourite film is 'Le Diner de Cons,' a French movie.
It's simple - I love food. I am travelling all-year round, so I have the chance to eat every food possible, so I am really lucky with that.
My parents weren't very sporty, and football wasn't part of my everyday life. I was never a massive football fan either, but, like everyone else, I used to watch matches on TV.
I grew up surrounded by tennis, so I was obviously more interested in it than football - particularly as it's the most popular sport.
I've always been a big fan of Thierry Henry. I enjoy watching all the great players, really. But we're always drawn to some players more than others, and in my case, it's Titi. He's my favourite player. I also really liked Luis Figo when he was at Real Madrid.
When you win a big title like the French Open, it's tough. The emotion in doing this is really up and down. Afterwards, you feel a little bit lonely, a bit of depression mentally. Because it's so much stress and emotion, so many people around - and then it's completely empty.
My parents wanted me and my siblings to practice some sports outside school. And since we lived next to a tennis club, we decided to play tennis. I didn't have an idol, so to speak, but I always enjoyed watching Pete Sampras and Alex Corretja.
I've always enjoyed playing in Paris, ever since I was a junior and won the junior event there. Being Swiss, this is the Grand Slam that is closest to us - the one we watch first and visit first if we are lucky enough.
As a child, I was lucky to have the support of my parents because starting a tennis career is a very expensive adventure.
I love the region around Lake Geneva. The landscape is beautiful, very peaceful, and such a nice place to relax and spend time outdoors. It's always a pleasure to come back home.
I was a little bit lost in my head after winning a Grand Slam. You're like: 'So what's the next goal? What do you want now? Where do you want to be? It's not a problem if you lose.'
I love New York. It is an amazing city, and the U.S. Open is a lot about the show. There are tens of thousands of spectators; these are some of the best courts in the world, and there is nothing like being here and making memories.
I won a grand slam with an Audemars Piguet on my wrist, so I feel it is a great match.
For me, motivation is easy. I enjoy what I'm doing, and I'm lucky to play tennis. I enjoy the suffering. It's something quite natural for me to go on the court and suffer, and to go in the gym and to suffer, and to know the only way to get better is to work out - that's what I like.
You can't underestimate rest. Sometimes in tennis we don't realize that to rest your body is as important as it is to practice. We are traveling so much, all year, in different conditions, different courts, different surfaces, different balls - so we always have to adapt.
Tennis is a big puzzle. It's not any more physical or mental; you have to have all the pieces first, and then you have to put all the pieces together. For me, it took me time.
I am really close friends with Roger Federer and also with Benoit Paire. I'm going out with Benoit to the restaurant for dinner and playing PlayStation with him sometimes.
