German,Athlete
You can have a certain arrogance, and I think that's fine, but what you should never lose is the respect for the others.
I've thrown away lots of my old diaries - you never know who might get their hands on them. But I have kept a few notes on the good old days.
I never look back, I look forward.
I think it takes people to get to know you and the recognition comes over time.
I have always been guided by striving to show the best that I could. That is what kept me going in tennis and it is the same now.
When you lose a couple of times, it makes you realize how difficult it is to win.
You cannot compare your athletic achievement to the importance of children and giving them a safe environment in which to grow up and enjoy life.
I knew that maybe I couldn't be playing again, but I just wanted to get in physical shape.
The tennis wasn't really very much on my mind, so it wasn't like I was thinking about it all the time.
I still take it seriously, but once I go out there I think I've got more relaxed and I think it shows.
I appreciate very much being injury-free.
I had a lot of different thoughts and ideas and always to transform, but I'm trying certain things that I feel my heart is really going for and that was one of the things that I initiated a few months ago.
It's so difficult to find time besides the tennis.
It shifted attention away from that and I've never been someone who liked the attention from the media anyway.
I suppose it's amazing how quick life goes by when you have children.
Age, what is it? It's not a figure that has ever meant anything to me.
I am a person who sticks to her word.
I don't wake up every day and think about which tournaments I won and which titles I hold. It's something I don't care about.
Grass is a surface I have always loved, Wimbledon is a tournament I have always loved.
If you go to a big city anywhere in the world and you need a doctor, just ask me. I can tell you who's good and who's bad. I've even considered writing a guidebook.
I never hanker after the past - I prefer to devote myself to new tasks.
My big dream was to work as a photographer for 'National Geographic.'
I don't like the word 'businesswoman.' Perhaps 'committed mother' would be the best description.
