French,Athlete
It doesn't matter how many times you win an award, it is always very special.
It was my father who taught us that an immigrant must work twice as hard as anybody else, that he must never give up.
I have won many awards and I am very happy about this, but I am not the best player in the world.
We must not let ourselves get driven off course, no matter what happens we must stick to our natural game.
I'm very inspired by him-it was my father who taught us that an immigrant must work twice as hard as anybody else, that he must never give up.
I don't know if we are the best team in the world. I am lucky to be playing alongside some of the best players around. It's a dream.
I was lucky to come from a difficult area. It teaches you not just about football but also life. There were lots of kids from different races and poor families. People had to struggle to get through the day.
The door can never be closed for good to any player.
It will be a physical encounter but we must not respond in kind.
We'll do it, we'll do it.
Life is full of regrets, but it doesn't pay to look back.
My father is an Algerian, proud of who he is and I am proud that my father is Algerian.
I am supposed to set an example to young players.
Sometimes words are harder than blows.
Football boots are very technical and have lots of specific requirements.
My memories of events and games are fragmented.
I love Madrid. I am happy to be here. I have been here three years and hope to be here longer. But I am proud of where I come from and never forget the people I grew up with.
I may have had a lot of luck in my life, but I still need to find a challenge in the game.
A Mediterranean city is really my culture.
I was lucky to come from a difficult area. It teaches you not just about football but also life.
Real Madrid is the most important thing that happened to me, both as a footballer and as a person.
I am first of all from La Castellane and Marseille.
I have a need to play intensely every day, to fight every match hard.
I have never had the opportunity to play in England, so I know little about it.
I have no message.
Music was important. Football was the easy part.
