Russian,Author
The battleline between good and evil runs through the heart of every man.
Own only what you can always carry with you: know languages, know countries, know people. Let your memory be your travel bag.
For us in Russia communism is a dead dog. For many people in the West, it is still a living lion.
You only have power over people so long as you don't take everything away from them. But when you've robbed a man of everything, he's no longer in your power - he's free again.
Hastiness and superficiality are the psychic diseases of the 20th century, and more than anywhere else this disease is reflected in the press.
Blow the dust off the clock. Your watches are behind the times. Throw open the heavy curtains which are so dear to you - you do not even suspect that the day has already dawned outside.
I have spent all my life under a Communist regime, and I will tell you that a society without any objective legal scale is a terrible one indeed. But a society with no other scale but the legal one is not quite worthy of man either.
Literature becomes the living memory of a nation.
Woe to that nation whose literature is cut short by the intrusion of force. This is not merely interference with freedom of the press but the sealing up of a nation's heart, the excision of its memory.
Talent is always conscious of its own abundance, and does not object to sharing.
It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.
Man has set for himself the goal of conquering the world but in the processes loses his soul.
If one is forever cautious, can one remain a human being?
A man is happy so long as he chooses to be happy and nothing can stop him.
The clock of communism has stopped striking. But its concrete building has not yet come crashing down. For that reason, instead of freeing ourselves, we must try to save ourselves from being crushed by its rubble.
The sole substitute for an experience which we have not ourselves lived through is art and literature.
For us in Russia, communism is a dead dog, while, for many people in the West, it is still a living lion.
Anyone who has proclaimed violence his method inexorably must choose lying as his principle.
Not everything has a name. Some things lead us into a realm beyond words.
First would be the literary side, then the spiritual and philosophical. The political side is required principally because of the necessity of the current Russian position.
Religion always remains higher than everyday life. In order to make the elevation towards religion easier for people, religion must be able to alter its forms in relation to the consciousness of modern man.
Human beings yield in many situations, even important and spiritual and central ones, as long as it prolongs one's well-being.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
How can you expect a man who's warm to understand one who's cold?
It would have been difficult to design a path out of communism worse than the one that has been followed.
Of course God is endlessly multi-dimensional so every religion that exists on earth represents some face, some side of God.
