Russian,Athlete
Why are people afraid of getting older? You feel wiser. You feel more mature. You feel like you know yourself better. You would trade that for softer skin? Not me!
I believe in commitment. I believe in being open and trusting each other and respecting each other completely.
The courts are as a stage, people love to see attractive players.
A court is like a scene, people want to see attractive people.
Do I consider myself sexy? It all depends on the way I'm feeling. When I'm happy inside, that's when I feel most sexy.
My manager wants me to dress like a nun and I want to dress like a teenager.
I have a lot of boyfriends, I want you to write that. Every country I visit, I have a different boyfriend. And I kiss them all.
I am beautiful, famous and gorgeous.
At this year's Open, I'll have five boyfriends.
I think that tennis is a lady's sport, so we should look out there like ladies.
I don't know what better teenage life you could get than going around the world doing what you love to do.
I'm like an expensive menu... you can look but you can't afford!
You don't think people would go on about my looks if I was No. 500 in the world instead of No.12, do you? Anyway, as I keep telling everyone, you can't blame me for looking like this on purpose.
I've just done a commercial in the U.S. in which I talk about stocks, shares and bonds. Everyone is amazed. They ask me: 'You really know about that stuff or did you just learn it for the commercial?' I tell them I wouldn't do it unless I understood and had an interest.
Boyfriends have to understand me and my needs. They have to know what I want out of my life and about my strict regime. I go to bed at 10pm and not later. I separate my professional and private lives.
It's that I have a good personality and am a good tennis player.
I think it's really important for me not to forget where I came from.
Like any young person, I do what I want.
There are a lot of pretty girls. I am a tennis player first of all, that is why I am here, and if wasn't producing results no one would notice me.
It's true I always try to be as seductive as possible but I wouldn't be here if I couldn't play tennis.
I worked very hard and I earned all the attention I'm getting.
When I was 12, every little girl in Russia was trying to wear her hair like mine and playing tennis.
The world believes all blondes are stupid and brunettes are smarter. Well, I disagree.
God gives all to those, who get up early.
I just play for fun.
When I play, I feel like I'm in a theatre, why should I look ugly then, because I'm a tennis-player?
