Russian,Celebrity
I have more ideas than I know what to do with. I guess I'm a bit of a fantasist and a daydreamer - all sorts of things come to me during the day.
The more I read, the more I realise what I don't know.
I think one of my strengths is that I can always take advice, and I can delegate. I know a lot of people feel the need to do everything themselves, but I am not one of them.
I believe in the freedom of choice in both life and death.
I like messy. What fun is tidy?
I used to arm wrestle my roommate in college. Based on that, I'm in pretty good shape.
It's important to know how to operate within the system you are existing in.
I'm, like, really bad at remembering names.
I have always dreamed of bringing an exhibit of Mark Rothko to Moscow.
I don't know what drives me, but I wake up in the morning, and I want to participate in the creative cultural conversation.
Anyone who doesn't know anything about art knows the name of at least one artist.
I don't see myself as a person who just does one thing. I understand that sometimes that might sound a bit unprofessional. But I disagree.
I have had an interest in art since childhood. I loved to draw as a child and still do.
I definitely feel Russian. I feel Russian, but at the same time when I'm in the States I feel at home, too.
I have a few pieces that I got for my birthdays or that I bought for myself: I acquire things that speak to me and put them on my wall. When I see things I like, I just know.
The Internet can give young people a fantastic platform to become financially independent and have global businesses without leaving Russia.
I'm very proud of Soviet aesthetics.
I never yell or scream. I mean, definitely not at work. I never yell at anyone I work with.
I am drawn to humorous art that is ironic.
I actually love physics, but art is where I thought I could make a difference for my country.
My time at Pop has been a transformative experience that I am extremely proud of. It has afforded me the chance to collaborate with some of the greatest creative minds in the world, and I'm thankful to Ashley Heath and Bauer Media for the opportunity.
I'm young, Russian, I come from money, and I date a very well-known person.
Most museums in Moscow, like Tretyakov, were established by philanthropists, whose passion for art allowed the development of culture on many levels.
I am definitely quick to adapt. I am not scared to come into a new environment.
My involvement in fashion is not at the highest artistic level.
There is a very strong theatre-going tradition in Moscow. It has stayed strong.
