Russian,Athlete
A fighter, a real strong fighter, should always look dignified and calm, and I believe that any expression of aggression is an expression of weakness. A strong person will not be nervous and will not express aggression towards his opponent. He will be confident in his abilities and his training; then he will face the fight calm and balanced.
I've never considered myself as a legend - just a simple man with heart.
With my victory, I must always remember that I glorify God.
Actually, when I fought in PRIDE, we had the best fighters in the world. Back then, the UFC had a very serious and big crisis; they were going through some tough times trying to get top fighters. All the best fighters were in PRIDE.
I've always fought as a heavyweight, and I didn't see any reason to fight at a lighter weight.
For every athlete, it is very important to be able to engage in their favorite thing, give all the best in training, performing in competitions, defending the honor of the motherland.
Most importantly, you have to stay true to yourself as well as those fans who made you who you are as an athlete.
I've already fought my share. God gave me a rich, eventful career, and I thank God for everything, but I'm done fighting.
I would like to have a rematch against Fabricio Werdum.
You know when a person goes into the ring to win, or at least not to lose. I mean, when a fighter is ready and goes to fight, than it can be seen by his look. Regardless of whether he gets hit or not, he goes forward, and regardless of whether he wins or loses, he wants to go forward, and it is clear from his burning eyes.
People are making judgements about Russian people based on me. This is why I never allow myself any aggression towards my opponent.
I don't think about fights that didn't happen.
No one expected me to become a champion.
The UFC didn't want me to fight there so what could I do? We were unable to make a deal. They offered unacceptable conditions.
While I'm an athlete and while I'm fighting actively, I don't intend to pursue a career in politics. What happens after that, we'll see. But I don't have an intention to do both at the same time.
If Dana White can offer a contract that's not one-sided, and it's not cumbersome to the point where we look at it and realize that we can't fight for him, then we'll fight in the UFC.
UFC is a moneymaking machine. The most important thing for this organization is a brand and its marketing. They have a couple of good fighters, and there are also some very good champions, but they are trying to keep everyone at the same level. The most important thing for them is the promotion, not the fighters.
I gain strength out of familiar surroundings.
Cain Velasquez, he has some technical difficulties, but he has ambition, and he's fearless. He wants to win so badly, and he's in great condition. He's a thinking fighter.
A true athlete is someone who doesn't just stop training when they stop competing. It's a way of life, and they keep in shape just to keep up that standard.
It's essential for a fighter to go separately and just focus on training away from everybody else.
Dan Henderson has been a fighter for a long time, and he's been a champion in many different organizations.
I have fought all over the world, and I am excited to be in 'EA Sports MMA' because this game is going to show the global appeal of mixed martial arts.
I train and prepare for every contest the same so I can compete to the best of my abilities.
Training for a fight is never easy, regardless of the opponent.
I always like and appreciate the support for the fans; I am very grateful to everyone who supports me.
