Russian,Model
Nothing is better than going home to family and eating good food and relaxing.
What I've never understood is why some women use plastic surgery to make themselves more attractive to men. The most beautiful woman is someone who's happy and is always smiling.
Sometimes I wake up and think I look horrible. And sometimes I see a strong woman.
I travel around the world, and there are so many beautiful girls, but that's not going to make you a supermodel. You have to have something more than just a pretty face.
My ideal man is faithful, honest, and a gentleman who knows how to treat women.
All women have insecurities and bad times. What counts is how you overcome them.
Nothing is easy, and as far as my modelling career goes, the path to the top has been long and difficult, but that's what makes it special. I always look back to remind myself where I've come from.
I'm always sad to leave paradise, but I leave behind the hopes of coming again soon.
I spend time doing cardio because it makes me feel good.
I don't believe in men who make us feel unhappy, because they're boys, not men.
Of course I want to have a family, but there's a right time for everything. When my time comes, it will happen.
You can't break Russian people, you know? 'Cos we're made in cold snow. We're very resistant.
We will all be gone one day. Not as a negative thing - as a positive thing, too, you know, and we should leave something behind ourselves.
When I grew up, my role model was my grandma because she's just the best.
When it comes to lingerie, there are no rules. I feel the sexiest when I'm myself, no hair, no makeup.
I love high heels from the age of 10! Short skirts and then high heels. My classmates used to make fun of me. Like, 'Ooh, she's so skinny and she's wearing high heels.' But I just wore what I like, and I didn't care about people's opinions, the same as I don't care now.
I love traveling. I hate jet lag, but I love, love, love, love traveling, to meet new people, to try different foods because I'm a big foodie.
I hate cardio; I hate to go for a run. I hate physical things. But Jiu Jitsu is fun because its self-defence and you get some good cardio.
It's very simple. You have to be faithful to your other half and not have secrets. That's my rule.
I never thought of a career of as a model, and it was a total surprise for me when I won the contest and became Miss Chelyabinsk. Then I started modelling in Paris.
Relationships are hard, so you have to know what type of man you want by your side and what their values are, what is important in his life.
I'm Russian: I'm into men, diamonds, and caviar.
To be half-naked for a Greek mythology movie, it's a piece of art. You know, there's nothing vulgar in there.
I hate wearing makeup because I am just too lazy to take it off at night.
I really love to play 'Moonlight Sonata' by Beethoven. I can still read music, but I need to practise more. The way your fingers move - it's something that comes from memory. I love music.
Mutual respect is very important in a relationship, and since my work is part of my life, he would have to respect it.
I believe women should be independent and have their own life. But I also think that when a couple decides to have a family, things change because you need to live in unison.
I'm really grateful to my fans - to all the people who support me.
I would never do 'Playboy.'
Yes, I am a lingerie model, but I have class.
I think of myself as a cover girl. But I would never do some kind of cheesy magazine.
I'm in hotel rooms most of the time, and it can be hard to find a hotel with a nice gym. It was important for me to have a workout I could do in my room.
I'm a model, but I love to eat.
Sometimes when I'm on set, I keep eating, and people are like, 'You really eat that?' I'm like, 'Yes, I do.'
When I was growing up in Russia, my grandmothers would cook the best pancakes in the world, the best meatballs, the best dumplings.
I do boxing; I do a little jiu jitsu, which I am obsessed with.
I love fast food, but you have to try to eat healthy.
Try not to eat after 7 P.M. Try to stay away from heavy food in the night, like hamburgers and chicken nuggets. Eat that stuff in the morning or early afternoon.
I hate morning workout; I'm a night person more. But it's good to work out in the mornings because then you can have all day free.
If you are in a relationship, it has to be a good one. If it isn't, it's best to just leave it.
If you're with someone, it's because you're moving in the same direction, and you both are looking for the same thing. Both of you have to share the same concept of what a relationship means.
Money is not important to me. What makes me feel successful is making the people I love happy.
It doesn't matter if you're small, big, or fit: if you go in front of the camera and deliver and say, 'Oh my God, I look amazing,' and just be sure about yourself, everything will be perfect.
I'm a woman who is very confident with the body, with my body.
I started modelling quite late, at 20. In this industry, girls start when they're barely even 14 or 15.
Of course, nothing just falls into your lap - to get where I am now, I've worked hard.
I don't care what people think about me. I really don't.
I think success is very hard work, so, you know, if you work hard and you have some success, you have to give up something.
In my business, you should be very strong in mind. You have to be sure about yourself and about your work and your career, and you have to be strong inside because so many people come around and try to say bad things about you.
I always had a short bob with bangs, and I hated it. My mum would always say, 'A short hair cut is always the way to go for you.' I had it for fourteen years!
I am really bad with cleaning my closet.
I don't spend a lot of money on clothes, which is weird because I am a fashion model, but when it comes to the new collections coming out, I am just praying designers send it to me for free.
Boys never liked me at school. They made fun of me 'cos I had dark skin.
I started playing piano age six. I was also singing in the choir, so my mum put me into music school. I went to study there for seven years, but it was not my passion. I quit because I wanted to study marketing. But I can still play piano.
My favorite spot is the Maldives. Since I travel so much for work, I like to go to places that are very secluded and quiet.
While I can always use a break from the gym, I like to swim and dive to keep myself feeling good.
My father used to be a fisherman, so it always makes me feel close to him when I am there on the water catching my dinner.
You have to invest the money in a certain thing, because, you know, at 40, I want to enjoy my life. So I do a lot of investments. Apartments back in Russia and New York. It's a good thing to do.
The only art I have is a Polaroid from Peter Beard from his book. I shot with him four years ago, and he did a special Polaroid for me, so I consider it a piece of art.
This is my favorite area in New York - the West Village is the heart of New York. I could never move somewhere else.
You can't wear only one dress and be so safe. You have to risk; that's how you learn about yourself.
I love Japan; it's very special.
Just for you to know, people, models, are very smart. We're investing money in the right way, and, you know, a modeling job I'm taking as a businesswoman. So it's not fun for me; it's work.
I'm very smart, and I have a great team of people around me investing my money. I'm not buying gold - yet.
I'm just collecting gold presents, which is more fun, actually, than buying gold.
My mom, she's a great cook. You know, pirogue, borscht. I love borscht, and I love Pilemeni, meat dumplings.
I don't cook. I love to eat. I love to go to the restaurants.
You have to love your body, respect it, and treat it well.
I believe in eating what I like and sweating it out in the gym.
I couldn't speak any English when I first left Russia, and Intimissimi taught me everything. The team was like a family to me - they showed me how to model and how to stay in shape. They really believed in me.
My father died when I was 14, and my mother juggled two jobs so she could make sure my sister and I were OK.
You can't just dream about what you want and leave things to chance. You have to get it yourself.
My personal memories of the brand go way back to the time when I was a teenager. L'Oreal make-up felt like a real luxury for me, and I remember dreaming of purchasing a L'Oreal lipstick.
To me, being worth it means being independent and carving your own path. The L'Oreal woman is worth it because she wants to be.
When I was a teenager, I experimented a lot with hair colour, and the result was just awful.
Every year is beautiful, and I try to appreciate each moment in my career, but 30 was definitely one of my best.
You can see designers and fashion people bringing in older girls to do their shows - I'm not even afraid to say 'older.'
I think family is our reason for being. I was lucky to be born into a very close-knit family.
I would definitely like to start a family because it's the most important thing in the world and what you should take care of, along with your friends and the people you love.
I don't think there's a perfect time to have kids. I think first you have to find the perfect person.
I love seeing lingerie on the runway, but I personally think it's best to save it for the bedroom!
I'm from a very small village in the middle of nowhere, four hours by airplane from Moscow. Yemanzhelinsk - you wouldn't find it on the map. Don't even try it. It's super, super tiny.
I hadn't planned to be a model. It just happened by pure chance. I went to a beauty school with my sister, and I got discovered pretty late. I was discovered when I was 20-21.
I started my career as a swimsuit model. My first big break in America was 2007, 'Sports Illustrated' Swimsuit Issue.
I hate jet lag, but I love, love, love, love traveling - to meet new people, to try different foods because I'm a big foodie. I love food, even though people think models don't eat. We do eat.
For my body, I like high-waisted jeans because they make your leg look longer and hides this extra thing on my stomach. You can eat extra food with it because it hides, and I like to tuck in my t-shirts.
I love food - I am never on a diet - I swear to God!
In Russia, we eat a lot of heavy food like potatoes and lots of meat. I can't eat one apple or a salad a day. You wouldn't want to come talk to me if I don't eat. I have to eat, or I am in a really bad mood.
