Russian,Revolutionary
By striving to do the impossible, man has always achieved what is possible. Those who have cautiously done no more than they believed possible have never taken a single step forward.
Political Freedom without economic equality is a pretense, a fraud, a lie; and the workers want no lying.
From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots.
Does it follow that I reject all authority? Perish the thought. In the matter of boots, I defer to the authority of the boot-maker.
The privileged man, whether he be privileged politically or economically, is a man depraved in intellect and heart.
To revolt is a natural tendency of life. Even a worm turns against the foot that crushes it. In general, the vitality and relative dignity of an animal can be measured by the intensity of its instinct to revolt.
He who desires to worship God must harbor no childish illusions about the matter but bravely renounce his liberty and humanity.
Idealism is the despot of thought, just as politics is the despot of will.
Everything will pass, and the world will perish but the Ninth Symphony will remain.
Freedom, morality, and the human dignity of the individual consists precisely in this; that he does good not because he is forced to do so, but because he freely conceives it, wants it, and loves it.
I am truly free only when all human beings, men and women, are equally free. The freedom of other men, far from negating or limiting my freedom, is, on the contrary, its necessary premise and confirmation.
I listen to them freely and with all the respect merited by their intelligence, their character, their knowledge, reserving always my incontestable right of criticism and censure.
A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished.
Where the state begins, individual liberty ceases, and vice versa.
If there is a State, then there is domination, and in turn, there is slavery.
The passion for destruction is also a creative passion.
The first revolt is against the supreme tyranny of theology, of the phantom of God. As long as we have a master in heaven, we will be slaves on earth.
Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings; it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others.
The communism of Marx seeks a strong state centralization, and where this exists, there the parasitic Jewish nation - which speculates upon the labor of people - will always find the means for its existence.
This contradiction lies here: they wish God, and they wish humanity. They persist in connecting two terms which, once separated, can come together again only to destroy each other.
The freedom of all is essential to my freedom.
Powerful states can maintain themselves only by crime, little states are virtuous only by weakness.
Look at Christ, my dear friend: His life was divine through and through, full of self-denial, and He did everything for mankind, finding His satisfaction and His delight in the dissolution of His material being.
Even the most wretched individual of our present society could not exist and develop without the cumulative social efforts of countless generations.
From each according to his faculties; to each according to his needs.
Anyone who makes plans for after the revolution is a reactionary.
