Russian,Astronaut
A bird cannot fly with one wing only. Human space flight cannot develop any further without the active participation of women.
I am deeply grieved by the loss of the crew of Columbia. I express my sincere condolences to the families and friends of the astronauts. I believe that their names will remain as the bright sparkling stars in the universe and will light the way for those who will follow them on the difficult roads of space exploration.
Anyone who has spent any time in space will love it for the rest of their lives. I achieved my childhood dream of the sky.
Hey sky, take off your hat, I'm on my way!
One cannot deny the great role women have played in the world community. My flight was yet another impetus to continue this female contribution.
Of course, it's a dream to go to Mars. I want to find out whether there was life there or not. And if there was, then why did it die out? What sort of catastrophe happened?
It was very difficult to control the descent. At a height of seven kilometres, I catapulted out of my capsule and parachuted down to Earth. I was very familiar with parachutes because I was a sky diver before.
I am very resourceful, as any woman would be.
Once you've been in space, you appreciate how small and fragile the Earth is.
You don't think about the danger. The spaceship becomes your home.
The ideals of the party were close to me, and I have tried to adhere to those principles all my life. In essence, they are the same as in the Ten Commandments in the Bible. I will never change my convictions.
The missing toothbrush was nothing compared with the fact that the spacecraft was orientated to ascend, not descend. I would have gone up and up instead of going back down to the ground.
It doesn't matter what country or what political system you are from. Space brings you together.
On Earth, men and women are taking the same risks. Why shouldn't we be taking the same risks in space?
I am convinced that the modular structure of the Mir will be the main trend in manned orbital stations development in the next century.
I felt fine after 24 hours and asked the state commission to prolong my stay in space to three days. And I carried out the entire schedule. Could I have done that if I had been half-dead?
If women can be railroad workers in Russia, why can't they fly in space?
Russia is still the leader in world space exploration. But its position of leader involves great responsibility - we have no right to lag behind. We can and we must move constantly forward.
They forbade me from flying, despite all my protests and arguments. After being once in space, I was desperately keen to go back there. But it didn't happen.
To tell her that I joined the parachute club was too hard for me. I didn't want to trouble her; besides, I was not completely sure about the success of my new adventure.
After being once in space, I was keen to go back there. But it didn't happen.
There was a lake beneath me, but the big, heavy parachute which had to be opened two miles above the ground couldn't be steered. My first thought was, 'Lord, they send just one woman into space, and she has to end up in the water.'
Cosmonauts can keep their word like men and women - particularly women.
I would enjoy flying to Mars. This was the dream of the first cosmonauts. I wish I could realize it! I am ready to fly without coming back.
I think Star City should have Unesco World Heritage status. It will need to be adapted a little bit and made more glamorous than it looks now, but it should definitely be protected for the future.
I love Star City - it is my home.
