Russian,Politician
The matter of international relations is very subtle and exquisite.
A mother-in-law is better than a single and childless political persona, though.
The true reason of Ms. Rice's attack against Russia is very simple. Condoleezza Rice is a very cruel, offended woman who lacks men's attention.
We must force the government to stop the bird migration. We must shoot all birds, field all our men and troops... and force migratory birds to stay where they are.
Europe has united, China is growing speedily and Russia possesses immense power in terms of fuel resources. The US administration cannot do anything about it.
If Russia rises, it means that the USA falls down.
Russia is an Eastern Orthodox country.
The USA experiences the crisis of ideological and moral values.
The West will have to choose: either to come to terms with Russians, or to receive a retaliatory blow. This retaliatory blow will not be by means of war. We will resort to the same weapon: nationalism.
There is no problem with the opening of new houses of prayer for Lutherans and Pentecostals.
Americans try to talk about positive family values, although the actual state of things is disastrous.
And, for instance, Baptists, Adventists, Lutherans, Pentecostals - let them exist on line with others.
I believe in full freedom for Christians of all denominations.
I didn't sign any contracts, and I didn't see any oil.
I mean, in general, the danger is from Oriental faiths and Islam.
I'm against the capturing of Eastern Orthodox temples.
I've never signed any contract and never received a cent from Iraq.
Let Catholics build their own churches and works.
Military police is very timely for our army.
The civilized world needs to think about a decision when single politicians are not allowed to stay in power.
The only thing I oppose is persecuting of Eastern Orthodox priests and temples.
We don't need this religious cosmopolitanism. It's no good.
We'll limit in all ways the work of religious faiths which are foreign to us.
We'll surely stop the work of all western Christian and eastern religions, and also Islam.
There is no such thing as Russian fascism. You won't find a single Russian who considers Russians to be a superior race and who advocate expulsion of aliens.
Here in Russia,, in many cities, people are irritated by Caucasian intrusion. Caucasians come from foreign countries; they are ubiquitous: in markets, shops, hotels, restaurants. They misbehave, and in this sense we have feelings similar to those that the Germans have toward the Turks and the French toward Algerians.
