Russian,Comedian
If love is the treasure, laughter is the key.
Everybody laughs the same in every language because laughter is a universal connection.
Falling in love is a chemical reaction. But it wears off in a year. That's why you need a strong line of communication... which includes laughter.
I believe that love and laughter can only happen when one person takes the time to think about what would cause the other person to feel good.
The reason gas prices are so high is because the oil is in Texas and Oklahoma and all the dipsticks are in Washington.
Falling in love is a chemical reaction. But it wears off in a year.
In Russia we only had two TV channels. Channel One was propaganda. Channel Two consisted of a KGB officer telling you: Turn back at once to Channel One.
Homosexuality in Russia is a crime and the punishment is seven years in prison, locked up with the other men. There is a three year waiting list.
It's kind of bittersweet. The human spirit is not measured by the size of the act, but by the size of the heart.
I believe there is a direct correlation between love and laughter.
I was not only typecast as a Russian, but I was typecast as Yakov Smirnoff. This is understandable, and I was very happy to get the roles, but it would be nice to be in a movie where I could be someone else.
My father described this tall lady who stands in the middle of the New York harbor, holding high a torch to welcome people seeking freedom in America. I instantly fell in love.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
I believe that laughter is a language of God and that we can all live happily ever laughter.
People in Tulsa are totally friendly; the crowds are very nice.
We may have forgotten how to feel. Nobody is teaching us how to live happily ever after, as we've heard in fairy tales.
In today's society we sometimes forget to balance our hearts and our heads; this is the reason we stop laughing.
I fed my ego, but not my soul.
When the needs of one person are being met by the other, there is laughter.
We have been learning since we were children how to make money, buy things, build things. The whole education system is set up to teach us how to think, not to feel.
Balance is so important in our lives. In our busy world, we can give ourselves balance between thinking and feeling.
We have a choice - we can both think and feel, using our heads and our hearts.
Never having alone time is real tough on people.
I like American women. They do things sexually Russian girls never dream of doing - like showering.
The ad in the paper said 'Big Sale. Last Week.' Why advertise? I already missed it. They're just rubbing it in.
As Americans after 9/11, we're much more united, together as a nation, and we got stronger, better, and more at peace. By peace, I mean the harmony you can feel in our united determination to fight these terrorists and killers.
