Russian,Businessman
The problem is that modern fundamental physics is so far from you and me. The mathematics has become so much more complicated that you need at least 10 years to understand it. Fundamental physics has advanced so far from the understanding of most people that there is really a big disconnect.
Facebook is at the forefront. It's the company that can fundamentally change the way information is being exchanged and processed. It can be the basis for artificial intelligence to develop over time.
I have invested in four social networks. More than any other. But that's in Russia and Poland.
I must analyze, from what I do now, what will be the impact two or three or five years in the future. What is the statement I want to make?
Facebook didn't know how successful Zynga would be.
Google never knew how successful key words would be.
Facebook now is mostly about people you know. In the future it could be about people you know less but are more important.
Facebook can be an accumulation of different intelligences.
I'm just focused on exploring new opportunities.
I have invested in four social networks. More than any other.
Social is a better way to interact with digital world. It is better than search. Implications for... everything. Total change.
We've only made three investments: Facebook, Groupon, and Zynga.
My background is in theoretical physics, and it's something very close to my heart.
Fundamental physics is like an art more or less. It's completely non-practical, and you can't use it for anything. But it's about the universe and how the world came into being. It's very remote from your daily life and mine, and yet it defines us as human beings.
Google never knew how successful key words would be. Facebook didn't know how successful Zynga would be.
Facebook can be an accumulation of different intelligences. Ask a question, translated into many languages and somebody, somewhere in the world, will have an answer.
When you have a few billion people connected with screens, not voice... screens are important. You can transmit a thousand times more information.
Story was that human civilization started to develop with first social network. Emerged where population concentration was high. Helped propel to where we are now. Facebook is next step of creating a huge human brain to embrace hundreds of million, possibly billions of people.
The company that creates one global social graph will be very important going forward. It will be Facebook, with maybe 2-3 local social networks able to sustain competition long term.
Russia is one of the places where significant presence of social networks are driven by domestic players right now.
I have this ratio that if you divide age of entrepreneur by market cap of company. For Facebook it's one. Every year of his life Zuckerberg has been making $1 billion for investors.
We monitor close to 50 companies globally that can be potential investment opportunities. I'd like to see DST as a significant global investment company in the Internet arena.
You know among people who kind of travel a lot and have exposure to the United States and some other countries, they do have accounts, but you know, Russia is not exactly the place with multiple language skills so local networks kind of have an edge.
It's not about revenues: The fundamental economics in digital business is scale and margins. The top line has become the bottom line.
It's not how much something's worth today, it's what it's worth in five or 10 years.
I think top scientists need to be compensated at a different scale in society. Somebody with experience will tell you that true scientists are not motivated by money - they are motivated by the quest itself. That is true. But I think an additional recognition will not hurt.
