Canadian,Journalist
The road to recovery will not always be easy, but I will take it one day at a time, focusing on the moments I've dreamed about for so long.
It was a slow understanding that the lack of education in a country like Somalia creates these huge social problems.
I know firsthand how critical support systems are.
Friendships that don't fit my life anymore have faded away, and new ones have come in.
I went through an extremely trying ordeal, but I never forgot the world outside was a beautiful place.
The same men who are placing all these outrageous restrictions on women's freedoms in southern Somalia - that type of mentality - that's what I had to deal with in captivity.
After being in captivity for so long, I can't begin to describe how wonderful it feels to be home in Canada.
Forgiving is not an easy thing to do.
War dehumanizes everyone.
My faith in human decency was sorely tested at times during my captivity; however, after my release, I am humbly reminded that mankind is inherently good by the tremendous efforts and support of fellow Canadians.
I think it's the human spirit inside of all of us that has an enormous capacity to survive.
Sometimes, you have to make the choice to forgive 10 times a day when you have these pockets of anger come up. That's a lot of work, but to me it's worthwhile.
When you see a 14-year-old boy who has never known what peace looks like for a day in his life, there's part of you as a human being that feels some degree, you can say, compassion for the fact that these boys have known war, famine, violence and death from the day they were born.
Going into Somalia, I didn't anticipate how many people's lives would be affected by it. In hindsight, I certainly wish I had taken more time to think about that, but I can't change it.
I used my captors' names every chance I had. It was intentional, a way of reminding them that I saw them, of pegging them, of making them see me in return.
Maintaining my dignity is so important for me.
Somalia is an important story in the world, and it needed to be told.
Many, including the Canadian and U.S. governments, try to provide family support while also maintaining a hard line about further fuelling terrorism and hostage-taking through ransom payments ... Still, try telling that to a mother, or a father, or a husband or wife caught in the powerless agony of standing by.
Every day I have many choices to make about who I want to be.
It was a slow understanding that my kidnappers really are a product of their environment.
What happened to me in Somalia doesn't define me.
I don't think I'm unusual in that, in my 20s, like many people, I felt invincible.
The book is called 'A House in the Sky' because during the very, very darkest times, that was how I survived. I had to find a safe place to go in my mind where there was no violence being done to my body and where I could reflect on the life I had lived and the life that I still wanted to live.
Because travel has always been such a vital part of myself and so essential to who I am, I have made the decision to continue to put myself back out into the world. And that's not an easy decision to make.
My confidence came from the way I grew up, and I'm grateful for it.
For a while, the world for me was like a set of monkey bars. I swung from one place to the next, sometimes backward, sometimes forward, capitalizing on my own momentum, knowing that at some point my arms... would give out, and I'd fall to the ground.
I'm afraid of the dark, but I choose to sleep in the dark. I can fall right to sleep with the lights on. But I want to be someone who can sleep in the dark, so that's the choice that I make.
I'm afraid of elevators, because they are an enclosed space, but I get in.
Getting on a plane is hard for me, but I do it, because travel is vital to me.
A little goes a long way in Somalia: $5 will feed a person there for about two weeks.
Somalia is very dangerous, and no one knows that better than I.
Hillary Clinton has a strong and powerful voice regarding ending violence against women and girls.
I have watched lives change. I have seen women gain confidence.
