Canadian,Architect
Modernism released us from the constraints of everything that had gone before with a euphoric sense of freedom.
Illusion is needed to disguise the emptiness within.
No amount of thought can ever reveal what comes unexpectedly.
Space has always been the spiritual dimension of architecture. It is not the physical statement of the structure so much as what it contains that moves us.
With production alone as the goal, industry in North America was dominated by the assembly line, standardization for mass consumption.
Great buildings that move the spirit have always been rare. In every case they are unique, poetic, products of the heart.
God's designs may be frequent justification for our actions, but it is we, the self-made men, who take the credit.
It is the mystery of the creative act that something other than our conscious self takes over.
The heart, not the head, must be the guide.
Architecture doesn't come from theory. You don't think your way through a building.
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
Ancient Rome was as confident of the immutability of its world and the continual expansion and improvement of the human lot as we are today.
There is a single thread of attitude, a single direction of flow, that joins our present time to its early burgeoning in Mediterranean civilization.
Tahiti has been spoiled for many years, but Bali is one of the few cultures with origins in one of the great ancient cultures which is still alive.
Nowhere has specialization penetrated so deeply into the building professions as North America.
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.
The delusion of entertainment is devoid of meaning. It may amuse us for a bit, but after the initial hit we are left with the dark feeling of desolation.
Whenever we witness art in a building, we are aware of an energy contained by it.
Our settlement of land is without regard to the best use of land.
The great dream merchant Disney was a success because make-believe was what everyone seemed to need in a spiritually empty land.
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.
We are stymied by regulations, limited choice and the threat of litigation. Neither consultants nor industry itself provide research which takes architecture forward.
This great, though disastrous, culture can only change as we begin to stand off and see... the inveterate materialism which has become the model for cultures around the world.
After 1980, you never heard reference to space again. Surface, the most convincing evidence of the descent into materialism, became the focus of design. Space disappeared.
Bankers cannot afford to be concerned with only the economic aspects of projects. There may be serious implications on the natural environment, the urban environment, on human culture.
Builders eventually took advantage of the look of modernism to build cheaply and carelessly.
There is little doubt that we are in the midst of a revolution of a much more profound and fundamental nature than the social and political revolutions of the last half century.
Today's developer is a poor substitute for the committed entrepreneur of the last century for whom the work of architecture represented a chance to celebrate the worth of his enterprise.
We are guilty for sending teams into foreign countries to advise them how to be like us.
We are yet to have a conscience at all about the exploitation of human cultures.
We can appreciate but not really understand the medieval town. We cannot comprehend its compactness, the contiguity of all its buildings as a single uninterrupted whole.
We find Japan a little more difficult to understand because it has proven its 20th century prowess though the ancient traditions still persist.
We have today a fairly thorough knowledge of the early Greco-Roman period because our motivations are the same.
We regard those other cultures, such as that of India, where many people live and believe and behave much as they did 1,000 or 2,000 years ago, as undeveloped.
We settled this continent without art. So it was easy for us to treat it as an imported luxury, not a necessity.
Western history has been a history of deed done, actions performed and results achieved.
What is the thread of western civilization that distinguished its course in history? It has to do with the preoccupation of western man with his outward command and his sense of superiority.
You have to see a building to comprehend it. Photographs cannot convey the experience, nor film.
