Canadian,Cartoonist
I'm a firm believer in stories with arcs and beginnings and endings and all that. 'Scott Pilgrim' is sort of one long novel, and it's so long that I get confused and sort of tread water sometimes. But there's definitely a goal to it. People who just dismiss it as shallow, that's their prerogative, but it's not really my intent.
'Monkey Island 2' was a huge game for me. It kind of taught me all about comedy.
I don't really have a metaphor for how I write, but it kinda feels like chipping away at a big dark object that I can't really see.
Doubt yourself all you want, but you have to make choices in life and live with them.
I don't really picture anyone when I'm drawing. They just become their own completed person with googly eyes.
Tumblr culture and the whole reappropriation-without-context thing are a double-edged sword in that they both raise awareness of my work and also kind of devalue it at the same time.
When I was in the middle of the 'Scott Pilgrim' series, and it was slowly becoming more popular, though still not financially solvent, I had this real bratty instinct to turn around and do something super arty and dark. I felt dismissed by comics culture, stuck in between the artcomix world and the nerdcomix world, and I was cranky about it.
After a long period of not drawing, you have to, like, relearn how to draw. It's not very fun.
I'm too young to have experienced firsthand the '70s rock, but when I was in high school, me and my friends were super into Neil Young. That was the grunge era, and he was considered cool again.
Writing music is sort of my hobby, but it's been falling off more and more. Doing comic books takes up my entire life.
'Seconds' is all about spaces, and I guess spaces are kind of like people in that they can be haunting and alluring before we even really get to know them, and after prolonged exposure, they can become mundane or oppressive.
The places I've been, or passed through, or seen at a distance, have had as much an impact on my life as the people I've known.
Each new book that comes out kind of pulls up the old ones a little bit. The new releases are always going to bolster the old releases.
I do get the sense sometimes that if I draw things too nice, maybe I won't be indie-rock enough anymore.
I always like to write where I'm at in real life into whatever I'm working on.
I just don't think I can write someone drastically younger than me.
I just have this thing in my head that I want to do serious stories that are still just way too cute and drawn in a really cute, appealing, rounded, childish way, and it's like, I don't know if it makes sense - but it's just something I'm really strongly compelled to do.
I guess I've always been kind of obsessed with food. I always liked drawing food, and I always liked stories - I think I probably just read somewhere that stories are better if someone's eating in them. I don't know where that came from, but it really stuck, and I always try to put food in.
'Seconds' is very much about reaching out for the next thing after you've figured out the first thing.
I grew up in London, Ontario, and moved to Toronto when I was 22 or 23.
I really like the look of old '70s and '80s Japanese comics, so I think that style is something I will continue to draw.
For Hollywood to make 'Spider-Man,' only to redo the movie a couple years later, just boggles the mind. To recast 'The Incredible Hulk' for a third time? I don't get it.
I just had this feeling that, if I were to get into a fight, somehow I would have the ability to fight back, just based on playing 'Street Fighter' for so many years of my life. It's almost like I actually learned martial arts.
I think it's natural as you get to the end of your twenties to start thinking about what you could have done differently - whether they went well or whether they went terribly.
There were times over the years when I wanted to take a break from 'Scott Pilgrim,' or even just stop doing 'Scott Pilgrim,' when I was feeling down or whatever.
I lived in London for a long time, and that's a pretty white town. In Toronto, I just ended up in this circle of indie rock kids who happened to be white, too... Really, it was just when I started getting out there and meeting more people and seeing more fans that I went, 'Oh, actually, I'm not white.'
