Canadian,Actress
I like my hair long, and I love my bangs. I love them because I can pin them back or keep the fringe with attitude.
I have two dogs and a parrot, so they require a lot of attention. They deserve it.
I feel like my life is pretty much on display. So much of it is working, and that's really all I want to do. I'm an open book.
My dad probably gave me the best advice growing up. I think it's really just keeping your cool in situations and learning to balance everything.
L.A. is such a big city, and there's so much going on. I mean, you know you're in L.A. when you can just hear sirens all the time.
I like mythology - anything historical.
I definitely want to act and I want to sing. If those two fall through, I want to become a writer, probably, like a songwriter for other people, or a novel writer. I write a lot, and I read a lot. I like reading fiction.
I'll probably never go to prom. I haven't ever been to a high school dance.
I really like action-dramas like 'The Professional' or 'La Femme Nikita.' I'd really like to be in a movie like that.
You never have an indifferent feeling after an audition. It's either gone really well or really terribly.
I'm a huge geek, so I love 'Stargate' and 'Firefly.'
In my down time, I'm a homebody. I like to do a walkabout. I like my alone time.
I started improvisation at age nine, and I loved it so much I stuck with it. As a by-product, acting was just something I was lucky enough to fall into.
People ask me all the time which I would prefer doing more, but I honestly can't say. When I'm filming, I'm like, 'No, this is my favorite,' and when I'm writing music and recording and performing, it's like, 'This is definitely it.'
I came from a very musical family, so I grew up singing karaoke with the family. My family said 'do this' and brought me to singing lessons. I had always been writing poems and songs.
I started classical and operatic lessons when I was 8 and become an operatic singer and went to competition. I write my own music. A lot of the songs, growing up, I was into writing dark stories and poems, and one day I started putting melodies to them.
I totally have this thing for Harry Styles from One Direction. But, like, I could totally date the rest of the band as one. I mean, if I could date all of them at one time, that'd be, like, ideal. They seem pretty close, but who knows? Maybe not that close.
