Canadian,Actress
There's nothing more romantic than Italian food.
As long as I can make an audience feel something, I don't care whether it's a good thing or bad thing, just to feel something is important to me.
I think with comedy I get very sort of critical of myself and try and do the best I can and it doesn't come as second nature. I work at those kinds of films. It doesn't mean I can't do them - I've done two now, and I have a great time doing them, but I just find myself a little bit more neurotic.
The pressure to be pretty? I set, you know, boundaries and goals for myself. I try not to compare myself to anyone else because I will never be anyone else except myself. So I try and stay true to me, and hopefully the right projects will come my way.
I know, it was a little bit out of control, but hey. It was all fun.
I don't ever want to be doing the same sort of thing, I never want to be typecast, because I have way too much to give to be sort of, to always be the hot chick in the movie.
The problem with TV now is that there's so much competition, that you're always on the chopping block.
I think that, back in the day, there used to be a lot of horror films that kind of had a checklist of what went into making the 'perfect horror film', and I think now people are raising the bar in the industry, as far as the types of horror films that are being made.
You know, I've never been much of a method actor. I feel like, with every project I go in extremely prepared and I like to have a good time.
I do try and stay away from the stereotype and getting typecast.
I just don't like showing everything I've got. I don't want to look like I'm trying too hard to be sexy.
When I was 20, I thought I was 30 - but I was so far from it. When you're young, you want everything to happen now. As you mature, you can look back and see all the great things you achieved with time and patience.
The celebrity body I most admire is Madonna's. She has the most incredible physique - and the woman's in her 50s!
Yeah, I've gotten a few letters from prison.
Celebrity or no celebrity, I think a lot of females deal with the fear of being abducted.
Some of the things I've seen a lot of my female-actress friends who are relatively famous receive - I've seen some hideous things. Like some really, really bad things... like, the FBI should be contacted immediately.
I go into every film not just wanting to play the hot girl in the movie. It kills me.
It's hard to be scared if you don't feel for a character, because you don't care if they die or live.
I don't think anything can prepare you for a crew to come in and actually film you as yourself. It's kind of frightening to think that all of a sudden people are going to know how you are, and how you act on a day-to-day basis.
I have lots of records, quite a collection, actually, that I stole from my mom. I have the original 'Thriller' album and I have a really great 'Elton John's Greatest Hits,' and I also have a N.E.R.D. album. Records sound more original. They have more edge.
I'm one of those low-maintenance people - let's get it done and get going. It's not that painful to wax, but... I don't have time for it - just give me the razor.
I don't like to play characters that are one note, and just the attractive girl in the film.
I watch what I eat obviously. I'm not a regular gym-goer but I'm conscious of it.
I'm into eating salads and fish. I've always been a big fish eater. I like fruit. I have friends that you have to force-feed them the good stuff. I'm lucky I actually like it. Brussel sprouts and all that.
I guess there's a vulnerability in seeing a female character trying to get out of something really drastic.
It's amazing that for actors mostly, it's a risk to attach yourself to a film that you don't know whether or not it's going to even be made and if you sign on, in doing so, who else is going to be in the movie with you.
