Canadian,Actress
I've thought about going back to school.
I've given up looking for a boyfriend. That's not to say I won't be interested if the right guy comes along. But I'm not in a hurry.
I think people who lack humility are really annoying.
With family dramas, it's hard to keep those stories alive.
I'm a pretty open book.
I'm a big zombie buff.
I promised myself I wouldn't work again until I found something that excited me.
We live in a time where the media is a very difficult thing to navigate because it's everywhere, and I tend to want to be a lot more private with my life.
It's very important to be able to distinguish the actors from the characters they play.
I'm exhausted almost all the time.
I'm excited by challenging myself physically and mentally every day.
I've had a couple of pinch-me moments.
Oddly enough, I think that everybody can relate to revenge, on some level. Everyone has wanted to exact it, at some point, and everybody has tampered with the idea, even if they didn't actually go through with it.
I'd love to do some theater.
I think it's important to be with a guy who has a strong sense of integrity. That's how I was raised, and that's something I look for.
I can be quite serious sometimes so laughing is key.
I think women look for that quality in a man of being a good dad whether they're immediately wanting to be a parent or not.
It's important to me that a man is good at taking care of people.
I think people in general think more about their insecurities.
I don't have sociopathic tendencies!
Pilates is my favorite core strengthener. I do it three or four times a week. With all the strengthening and lengthening, it's like ballet. Plus, you get to do it lying down!
Tailoring your clothes makes all the difference.
Women are hard on themselves.
I'm trying to stop focusing on my flaws and appreciate what I love about my body.
My idea of a perfect pet is a really, really big dog! Huge!
I've been dancing my entire life. Jazz, hip hop, ballet. And then there's tap dancing. I love to tap.
