Canadian,Actress
I look at my father. He is one of my heroes. He is such an incredible, classy man. He was such a great father and such a great husband in so many ways, and we lived through some pretty tough times losing my mom. When I see all that he did, I think, 'Wow, that's a really wonderful man.'
A great day in New York would be to wake up, get a cup of coffee and head up to Central Park for a nice walk. Then I'd go down to the East Village and stroll around. After that, maybe I'd go check out a museum or catch an indie film at the Angelika.
I have to be honest, I am a true jeans and t-shirt girl.
Is it easy to avoid paparazzi? It is, it really is.
Generally for red carpet, I love to relax first. I love to work out. I love to eat well, drink tons of water beforehand, so on the night of the red carpet I feel good and ready to go. I also love to get a good body scrub.
The girl next door isn't necessarily blonde and blue-eyed anymore. So I don't feel like I need to morph into that all-American thing.
When you have confidence, that's what becomes attractive to other people and makes them want to work with you and spend time with you.
Never reveal your insecurities to a man, because nine times out of 10 they have no idea they even exist.
For the record: I wear makeup. All. The. Time. But I do it in a way that looks natural.
I love European films in general. If I were to go to the movie store or something, that's what I like to see.
As a child I was given the freedom to explore my passion for acting, but I also grew up in a home where there were a lot of rules. I didn't have 'yes' parents.
My career has been successful, but it's been a grind of hard work.
When you're starting out, every line in a show or a commercial is like a huge success.
Acting is not glamorous. It's not. Anybody who wants to get into acting for the glamour is in for a hard time.
I don't know why, but in my career and in my life, I often find myself in situations where I am the only girl among boys.
One tip I like is don't forget your reusable bags when you go to the drug store or to the mall. I think most people think of the bags for the grocery store, but I try to take mine wherever I go.
I tell the most horrible jokes.
I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl.
I feel like I want to be known first and foremost for my work.
I love doing voice-over. It's so fun.
The beauty of voice-over work is that maybe you come in and record once every two weeks for a couple of hours and do a couple episodes a session. It's awesome! You spend an afternoon playing in the booth, and there you have it. It doesn't interfere with much.
I'm this little Canadian Jewish girl, and I'm living my dream.
I always describe my career as something where nothing ever popped overnight.
I love what I do, but I never want to OD on celebrity.
I have a theory that most people in Hollywood are from Texas.
I can celebrate food anytime. I love cheese. When I crave a certain food, I just eat it.
