Canadian,Actress
Entitlement is just the grossest kind of human behavior.
I always make sure to eat a healthy breakfast because it's the first meal you eat that fuels your body for the rest of the day. Plus, breakfast is the perfect time to get away with eating carbs because they'll be burned off before the day is done, so every now and then I splurge on a Belgian waffle - my favorite!
I like when a man has a positive self-image, no matter what he looks like. I'm not into rock-hard abs.
I watch people around me not drinking any water all day, and I turn into the water police. I'm constantly asking, 'Are you drinking water?' Being dehydrated very quickly affects my energy.
When I was younger, the idea of the bad boy was appealing, but then I grew up and realized that stable people are more fulfilling. Bad boys need more time to themselves. I want to be in a relationship with someone who knows how to take care of himself and is therefore able to take care of me. That way, we can put each other first.
I love scary movies! My two favorites are pretty neck and neck: 'The Orphanage' and 'The Strangers.'
I love 'The Orphanage' because the concept is so cool and the story is told in such an interesting way. It's a movie that will scare your socks off but make you cry at the end. It's one of the most tragic movies I've ever watched and is truly heartbreaking and scary at the same time.
One of my biggest fears is thinking that there are people in my house when I'm home alone.
I like timeless and classic pieces with an interesting and modern twist. And I love a little funk!
I hate to cook, but I love to eat. I would want to be able to conjure yummy and healthy meals by wiggling my nose!
My favorite bands are Radiohead and Led Zeppelin, and all-time favorite album is 'Amnesiac' by Radiohead.
Starz has been nothing but amazing to me.
I'm mixed race, and it's often hard for me to fit into period pieces.
I would never manipulate somebody and put somebody in peril so that I could get rich off of it.
We have to think beyond ourselves.
I think a lot of adults are kind of set in their ways. My mom is always changing. She's excited to learn.
Keep your head on your shoulders.
We come from different backgrounds. Some people grow up with money in their pocket, or they have a certain last name; others have nothing. But it comes down to work ethic. That's where we all play on the same playing field.
Thankfully, I've never had anyone tell me that I needed to lose weight or change my appearance.
I'm an only child raised by a single mom. She's always been supportive of what I wanted to do.
I like throwing on shorts and a plaid button up with messy hair and last night's eyeliner and sunglasses and wandering the town. And if there's a guy I dig with his arm around me, too, that's pretty nice.
I'm usually attracted to more interesting types of men. I have no desire to be with a cookie-cutter Ken doll.
