Canadian,Musician
The thing that gave me the most pain in life, psychologically, and it gave me tremendous pain psychologically, is man's disrespect for nature.
I learned a woman is never an old woman.
Sorrow is so easy to express and yet so hard to tell.
Fame is a series of misunderstandings surrounding a name.
I don't like being too looked up at or too looked down on. I prefer meeting in the middle to being worshiped or spat out.
You wake up one day and suddenly realize that your youth is behind you, even though you're still young at heart.
You have this mounting aggressive ignorance with the rabbit's foot of their particular religion. You don't really have any kind of spiritual law, just a kind of a rabid mental illness. The songs are a little slice of life.
No one likes to have less than they had before. That's the nature of the human animal.
You could write a song about some kind of emotional problem you are having, but it would not be a good song, in my eyes, until it went through a period of sensitivity to a moment of clarity. Without that moment of clarity to contribute to the song, it's just complaining.
An unhappy mother does not raise a happy child.
I don't like to make fluffy little songs, but now I want to make some light songs.
I'm not a pitiable creature. It's just that I suffer very eloquently.
My individual, psychological descent coincided, ironically, with my ascent into the public eye.
My heart is broken in the face of the stupidity of my species.
My style of songwriting is influenced by cinema. I'm a frustrated filmmaker. A fan once said to me, 'Girl, you make me see pictures in my head!' and I took that as a great compliment. That's exactly my intention.
My family could only afford to get me the box of eight Crayola crayons, but I craved the one with all 24 colours. I wanted magenta and turquoise and silver and gold.
This is a nation that has lost the ability to be self-critical, and that makes a lie out of the freedoms.
Americans have decided to be stupid and shallow since 1980.
If I'm censoring for anyone, it's for my parents. They are very old-fashioned and moral people. They still don't understand me that well.
My name had gone stale, and no matter how progressive I got, it was my time to die.
I don't understand why Europeans and South Americans can take more sophistication. Why is it that Americans need to hear their happiness major and their tragedy minor, and as jazzy as they can handle is a seventh chord? Are they not experiencing complex emotions?
My goal as a writer is more to comfort than to disturb.
I thrive on change. That's probably why my chord changes are weird, because chords depict emotions. They'll be going along on one key and I'll drop off a cliff, and suddenly they will go into a whole other key signature. That will drive some people crazy, but that's how my life is.
We have a war dictator who was not elected, he snuck in. so he punishes people that threaten him in any way, or even say something he doesn't like. It has no resemblance to democracy.
I have one piece of music, since 1997, and I don't see it having lyrics. Where does it go in this world? So I haven't recorded it.
Buddy Holly and the early rock 'n' roll was no lighter than the way I play. It's very minimal.
I certainly don't want to be an angry old artist.
I conceived in art college at the age of 20, near the end of term.
The coming of the kids hasn't come out in my art yet.
I used to be monastic, almost. Now I'm like a Tibetan that has discovered hamburgers and television. I'm catching up on Americana.
I find a lot of poetry to be narcissistic.
In terms of fiction, I'd rather go out and have a good time than read a book about someone having a good or bad time.
White rhythm is waltzes, marches, and the polka. In Africa, rhythm is used for a celebratory groove, but white rhythm doesn't have such an enormous vocabulary of spirits. It's basically militant.
My first four albums covered the usual youth problems - looking for love in all the wrong places - while the next five are basically about being in your 30s.
The considerations of a corporation, especially now, have nothing to do with art or music.
I lost my daughter at 21. I had to give her up because I was broke, no place to take her, no money to take her. That was very traumatic.
I'd had a rough childhood.
I do have this reputation for being a serious person.
I'm a very analytical person, a somewhat introspective person; that's the nature of the work I do.
I love to dance.
People used to say nobody can sing my songs but me - they're too personal.
I'm a method actress in my songs, which is why it's hard to sing them.
What I do is unusual: chordal movements that have never been used before, changing keys and modalities mid-song.
Drag wasn't always counterculture.
I couldn't see passion as a bad thing.
I see music as fluid architecture.
I came through folk music simply because it was easy to get into it.
For the first time in my career, I'm working in a fine-arts arena, so I'm finally getting some intelligent reviews.
When I came to California, it was the mecca of the world. Every young person on the planet wanted to be here.
Eventually, with success, I started to feel more and more isolated - like I didn't have a community of artists.
Edith Piaf knocked my socks off when I was 8, but I didn't know what she was singing about.
I'm a Buddhist.
The God of the Old Testament is the depiction of evil.
America is in a runaway-train position and dragging all the world with it. It's grotesquely mentally ill.
When the world becomes a massive mess with nobody at the helm, it's time for artists to make their mark.
When I began experimenting, people weren't ready for it. Once it's in its second and third generational stages, people can accept it.
I always thought the women of song don't get along, and I don't know why that is.
Augustine, Anne Sexton and Sylvia Plath are confessional writers and all three make me sick. I have nothing in common with them.
I sing my sorrow, and I paint my joy.
I get the same charge from juxtaposition of colors as I do from juxtaposition of chords.
Van Gogh was impulsive.
I believe that I am male and I am female.
I see bodies as individual things.
In some ways, my gift for music and writing was born out of tragedy, really, and loss.
The songwriting was almost like something I did while I was waiting for my daughter to come back.
I see the entire world as Eden, and every time you take an inch of it away, you must do so with respect.
I have always thought of myself as a painter derailed by circumstance.
I'm irresponsible to my career in order to paint. Because painting is obsessive. I forget to eat. I forget to sleep.
Because I'm so busy and because I think of myself as a painter, I desperately guard the time that I have to paint. And sometimes I'm irresponsible to my career in order to paint. Because painting is obsessive. I forget to eat. I forget to sleep.
I know my generation - a lot of them, they're getting old now, and they want to think back fondly, they want to kid themselves. A lot of them think, 'Yeah, we were the best.' That's the kiss of death. That's non-growth. And also that's very bad for the world.
In New York, the street adventures are incredible. There are a thousand stories in a single block. You see the stories in the people's faces. You hear the songs immediately. Here in Los Angeles, there are less characters because they're all inside automobiles.
My parents told me I'd point to a bed of flowers and say 'Pink. Pretty,' before I knew any other words.
Rachmaninoff made a musician out of me. His 'Rhapsody on a Theme by Paganini' was the piece that sent me into raptures. It spoke to me. To me, it was a tender entreaty for the misunderstood.
I have an aversion to being mislabeled. Here's a label I'd accept: I'm an 'individual.' I'm someone who can't follow, and doesn't want to lead.
But I have a tremendous will to live and a tremendous 'joie de vivre,' alternating with irritability.
I loved Debussy, Stravinsky, Chopin, Tchaikovsky, anything with romantic melodies, especially the nocturnes. Nietzsche was a hero, especially with 'Thus Spoke Zarathustra.' He gets a bad rap; he's very misunderstood. He's a maker of individuals, and he was a teacher of teachers.
I wanted to paint in a folk-artist-y way. My heroes were Van Gogh, Gauguin, Matisse, and Rembrandt. I think Picasso is about as a modern as I got. But I incorporated things that they rejected as well as movements that happened later.
It's in my stars to invent; I was born on Madame Curie's birthday. I have this need for originals, for innovation. That's why I like Charlie Parker.
