Canadian,Musician
The sky is an infinite movie to me. I never get tired of looking at what's happening up there.
I just try to live a really simple, natural life, because obviously, life has an impact on your voice.
You have to respect your audience. Without them, you're essentially standing alone, singing to yourself.
Life is so impermanent that it's not about somebody else or things around me, it's about knowing you are completely alone in this world and being content inside.
The older I get, the more I embrace who I am.
I think I have a better sense of my weaknesses - being self-important, selfish and having a big ego probably triggers all the other stuff. I can see myself more clearly.
I think masculinity is bravado against the mystery of the universe of women. It's just a fear of not knowing what women have that's so powerful. It's this shield they put up to try to get closer.
There needn't be a distinction between your life and your music.
When women make their image about youth and sexuality, and not about intellect, that's kind of a dead-end road. So I think it's a combination of self-entrapment and entrapment by society.
I just really allowed my muse to be my guide and I just go with whatever I'm feeling.
If you knew how meat was made, you'd probably lose your lunch.
Look. Art knows no prejudice, art knows no boundaries, art doesn't really have judgement in it's purest form. So just go, just go.
My public image is so low-key, but I get to travel the world and still have an audience and it's really amazing. I don't take that for granted.
I feel like at 50 I've decided to become a rock star, which is, you know, typical of me. I always seem to work backwards.
I think I have allowed my voice to experiment with the different genres. And I think that I have just really enjoyed the journey of getting to know my voice and seeing what it's capable of, what it's not capable of.
I mean, I am fully aware of my influence and my responsibility to society in general representing the gay community. But in the same time, I don't represent the entire gay community because it's a vast, vast community, as one can imagine.
I often say fame is kind of like a drug or like sugar: when it's controlling you it doesn't feel good at all.
As a songwriter you have an umbilical cord to the song and it's hard to expand on your understanding of the lyrics. Whereas when you cover a song you can create your own reason why you're attached to it.
I think I fall into a lot of cracks in terms of I'm too something. I'm too this, I'm too that. And my music has never really had a home. I've been this floating alternative. I'm too mainstream for alternative. I'm too alternative for mainstream. And I'm just kind of wandering.
I don't sing anything that hurts my voice.
I believe in monogamy if that's what a couple decides upon together, but it all depends on the personal history and culture of the two involved.
There are days when I still want to be able to do what I want when I want, but there's also something wonderful about being secure.
Heartache is very fertile ground for song-making but so is happiness, so is absolute bliss.
I never get tired of exploring Americana or country music, and I always have a little bit of a crooner in me that never seems to go away.
I think I don't sing as hard as I used to sing. I used to kind of hit the accelerator a lot back in my youth, but now it's just being able to control it, and not work it so hard and use more of an emotional or sub textual kind of approach to singing.
I'm nearly 50. I'm past being photographed falling out of bars.
