Canadian,Writer
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
Bureaucracy defends the status quo long past the time when the quo has lost its status.
Expert: a man who makes three correct guesses consecutively.
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.
If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
America is a land of taxation that was founded to avoid taxation.
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.
Against logic there is no armor like ignorance.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
When in doubt or danger, run in circles, scream and shout.
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.
Some problems are so complex that you have to be highly intelligent and well informed just to be undecided about them.
A man doesn't know what he knows until he knows what he doesn't know.
In a hierarchy, every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
America is a country that doesn't know where it is going but is determined to set a speed record getting there.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices.
Going to church doesn't make you any more a Christian than going to the garage makes you a car.
Make three correct guesses consecutively and you will establish a reputation as an expert.
A man convinced against his will is not convinced.
Early to bed, early to rise, work like hell, and advertise.
