Canadian,Model
I don't get out of bed for less than $10,000 a day.
God help anyone who disobeys my recycling system. I have all the separated bins. I'm very adamant about it because I try to be a good citizen of the world, I really do. I even use eco-friendly cleaning products, but sometimes you just have to break open the disinfectant. Some jobs require it.
We don't vogue, we are 'Vogue'.
I can do anything you want me to do so long as I don't have to speak.
Being a rock star was out of the question. I can't sing.
It was God who made me so beautiful. If I weren't, then I'd be a teacher.
I don't happen to think magazines should be full of thin people. What I do say is that we can all work a little harder with what we have. It is possible to achieve a better body shape and heart rate with nutrition and exercise.
I did that Dior Couture 60th anniversary show in July. It took so long to get ready, I think I would have rather been watching.
I love, love, love fashion so much. That's why I became a model in the first place.
I'm so glad this worked out for me, I do think I know how to be a good model.
I know that sometimes the chemistry just isn't there between the model, photographer, hair and make-up. It's nobody's fault and you just have to do better next time.
I have turned down so many major advertising bids because I think either the time isn't right or I'm not.
People think modeling's mindless, that you just stand there and pose, but it doesn't have to be that way. I like to have a lot of input. I know how to wear a dress, whether it should be shot with me standing or sitting.
If they had Nautilus on the Concorde, I would work out all the time.
We have this expression, Christy and I. We don't wake up for less than $10,000 a day.
Sure, I like my short hair. It also quadrupled my rate. I did get sick of seeing it on everybody, though - every stewardess, every salesclerk, and in every restaurant.
When I work, it can be a 16-hour day.
On days when I do not work, I am working on my image.
I have to hit the gym. I have beauty appointments. I have to work toward my next job and maintaining my image, just like an athlete.
When I started in the business, I was told I had three good years in me.
When people ask how have I kept on top, I have to say with the help of every photographer, make-up artist and hairdresser I've ever worked with.
As long as designers want to dress me, photographers want to take my picture and companies think my face will help their products, then I won't go anywhere until they're done with me.
I never, ever used my son for publicity. He'll have his say one day if he wants it. He'll have the last word. He has time to defend himself.
I never get out of bed for less than $10,000 a day.
Within two months I made the grand slam: covers of 'American Vogue', 'Italian Vogue', 'British Vogue', and 'French Vogue'.
I'm part of a team that raises millions of dollars and raises awareness of HIV and AIDS all over the world.
