Canadian,Musician
Surround yourself with positive people.
I am a bit of a hopeless romantic. I really do have a faith and a belief in love, and when I love, I love hard.
Bob Marley is one of the most recognized artists. He didn't care to be defined. People wondered, 'Is it reggae? Is it rock?' But at the end of the day they were still playing his music and that's what matters.
Toronto is a very multicultural city, a place of immigrants, like my parents.
It's nice to have some anonymity and still be low key.
Whitney Houston's voice was the very first voice I fell in love with. She was the voice that made me want to become a singer.
I love the freedom to do whatever I want with style and not be put into a box.
I rarely buy a shoe that is completely specific to a time and outfit. I generally tend to spend money on good shoes that can go with everything.
The true essence of fashion is being able to reinvent yourself with what you have.
I always feel like music should be a universal language.
Melanie Fiona is a singer, a songwriter, she's a super-girl. I can be silly, goofy, really chilled. She's like your cool chill girlfriend, sister-friend. I'm just like everybody else.
Before I could even hold a pen I was singing.
When you're with your family you're with them and when you're working you're doing that. I definitely try to separate the time when I'm working and when I have my personal time.
The social networking sites are such good way to keep in touch with your fans, it's quick and simple and it keeps your fans interested in what you're doing.
Canada can be tough for urban music.
I consider myself more of an international artist than I do a one-territory artist, which I think is a blessing.
I love Canada, always.
My dad still calls me and makes sure I'm taking my vitamins.
Once I started performing I knew that's what I wanted to do with my life. But you have to work really hard to be a performer.
I'm a shoe girl.
I feel like shoes are one of those things that no matter how conservative or how outrageous you get, a good pair of shoes is going to last you a lifetime.
I'm a drugstore beauty girl, I love going to the drugstore and buying makeup.
I'm a young girl with an old soul. I wanted to fuse the two together, the past and the present.
Older audiences are hard to win over. They're very specific in their tastes and critical of new music.
I'm a first-generation Canadian.
Canada had the good health-care system and educational system. It was a privilege for me to grow up there.
