Canadian,Actress
The only thing I've ever wanted in my life is to be a mom and a wife.
I wouldn't want to play a character that knew everything and knew where to go. It is much more interesting playing a character that is vulnerable trying to be strong. It makes for better TV.
I didn't watch a lot of TV growing up.
I just don't want to be famous. I feel like there's a lot of sacrifice in that I'm not really willing to make.
IMDb is kind of weird, because people can put things on there, but then I can't change it.
I don't think anybody planned for me to be an actor. I didn't. I didn't know this was what I was going to do.
There've been moments where I just was tired of being in L.A. It was very difficult. I mean, you're constantly rejected. And that's OK, it's just really frustrating for me, because I try to read scripts and projects that have really great, deeper, meaningful qualities to them.
I've been treated really well for 'Stick It.' There was this cop and he pulled me over and he was like, 'Oh my God, you're in 'Stick It.' I said, 'Yes. Yes. You're the last person I would think would be pumped up by this movie'. He let me go, so that was nice.
When I first got to L.A., I was shocked at how business was done, and how people... it's like everything I was told not to fall for, I was surrounded by. And it was very difficult for me, because I just didn't like the industry at all.
I wanted to go on the red carpet with a baseball cap, t-shirt, and jeans. And I still do. Because that's really who I am.
I don't watch the news. I get really emotional about it, and I carry that stuff with me for a long time.
I have a real passion for playing a role that's a strong female character, that's just not typical, with a lot of heart, not an easy sell of a movie, not real commercial. It doesn't have to be a big movie, but I'm just looking for something that I really, truly, 100 percent believe in and am behind.
Just because you have chemistry with someone doesn't mean you're naturally going to be the best for each other. You have make choices and prioritize.
I really, really admire my parents so much, for how they raised me. They're some of the best human beings I know.
I get recognized for 'Reaper' in the U.K. I was in Costa Rica and got recognized for 'Heroes.' In Canada, it's 'Rookie Blue.' People also think that I'm in the 'Twilight' series because of Kristen Stewart.
I'm really inspired by playing strong women. Anything that I can be a part of like that, to be a role model for young women.
The people that matter to me the most are the people that are in my life. That's who I really learn from, and it's always a very personal kind of connection.
I'm hoping that maybe I can be part of a disaster relief effort, something that's real life. That's kind of what I do anytime I stop working: 'OK, what's something that you've really wanted to do?'
Three to four times a week, I get up at 7:30 A.M. while the courts are empty at Venice Beach and play full court one-on-one.
In general, I try to eat food without added hormones and pesticides, but I'm not so strict that I won't have a Big Mac once in a while.
At the end of the day, it's really, really difficult to make a brand-new show, to write a pilot where you have to introduce characters and everyone has to kind of be dynamic and have something different for themselves.
When 'Rookie Blue' began, I was so proud to be a Canadian on a Canadian show that was getting fans in America. I'm so used to working on American projects with Americans, it was a big deal for me to be on a show that showcases our talent... our 'peeps.'
I never thought about being a cop. I'm kind of sensitive. I don't know if I could handle that job. It's hard to go home every day and be able to still live your own life because some of the stuff you see really affects you.
I think guns are terrible.
You won't ever see me being totally sexy on 'Rookie Blue.' It's not right for the character, anyway.
I tried to be really tough when I was younger. I felt I had to stand up for myself. I never felt like I fit in.
