Canadian,Musician
As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.
Rock and roll is here to stay.
It's better to burn out, than to fade away.
Earth is a flower and it's pollinating.
Something comes along and you have to jump on and do it. You can't stop until it's done.
I live for playing live. All my records are live, since After the Gold Rush, with the exception of Trans and the vocals on Landing on Water.
I was just 20 years old when I wrote Broken Arrow.
It's a blue album, but it's not a blues album. I'm not pretending all of a sudden now I'm blues.
It's cool to go places where working people are happy.
There's an edge to real rock 'n' roll. It's all that matters.
One new feature or fresh take can change everything.
As I get older, I get smaller. I see other parts of the world I didn't see before. Other points of view. I see outside myself more.
I don't look at a knife the way I used to. I'm more aware of what it is. I think twice. This is a key finger. It's in every chord.
This thing called Patriot Act, through which we abdicated a lot of our civil rights to defend the country against terrorism, it's a four-year story.
I don't like the American media - particularly Fox.
When you're young, you don't have any experience - you're charged up, but you're out of control. And if you're old and you're not charged up, then all you have is memories. But if you're charged and stimulated by what's going on around you, and you also have experience, you know what to appreciate and what to pass by.
I can get away with saying a lot of ideas that are young and naive. I'm liberated.
I don't think I'm a thorn in the industry, I'm just another part of it.
The cutthroat avenues of rock 'n' roll, I am fed up with. I don't want anything to do with it.
I just do what I do. I like to make music.
I don't like to be labeled, to be anything. I've made the mistake before myself of labeling my music, but it's counter-productive.
I'll never be Bob Dylan. He's the master.
Back then people closed their eyes and listened to music. Today there's a lot of images that go with the music. A lot of music is crap and it's all commercial and the images are all trying to sell the record.
I don't like war. I particularly don't like the celebration of war, which I think the administration is a little bit guilty of.
I go in and sing the song and arrange it and mix it and that's it. It's no different than playing in clubs.
I have so many opinions about everything it just comes out during my music. It's a battle for me. I try not to be preachy. That's a real danger.
