Canadian,Actress
There's a feeling of elation that comes after getting off stage and then there's a feeling of utter sadness that comes after getting off the stage.
There are very few dance companies in the world and you have to be phenomenal. You have to not be injured. You have to have a really strong mind to deal with the dance world. People who can do it are amazing to me. You cannot have a life outside of dance.
I always thought I should base how good I am on how good I feel I am.
I'm just one of those people that if I sit down to watch a horror film, I put my hands over my face and I cry a lot and I don't see half of the film because I'm too upset.
Ballet is completely unnatural to the body, just being turned-out... it's not the way your body is supposed to function, so you actually train your body to be a different structure than you were born with.
Dance is certainly a sport, and they are phenomenal athletes, and they're also artists.
Dance is very, very old. With Louis XIV at Versailles is where ballet started.
I find the most interesting and most daring scripts tend to be for independent films.
I love New York. I love the multicultural vibe here. Los Angeles doesn't inspire me in any way. Everyone is in the same industry, yet you feel very isolated.
I've never been opposed to nudity. I've been opposed to nudity for box-office draw.
If you're in a company, you're dancing from 9 a.m. till 7 in the evening, and then you go home and get in a hot tub and get some Epsom salts and try to get your body goin' again. There's no social life, no anything.
It's almost better most times to not talk in a scene. I think you can actually express a lot more without words.
No matter what your choices are, you truly have no control about what people think of you.
Party of Five won a Golden Globe, it was a well-written television series.
People either know Alan Rudolph and love every single one of his films or they don't know him at all.
Scream was great for what it was. For a horror film, it was intelligent, it was funny, it took a laugh at itself.
The first time I ever screamed at someone was in a scene, and I'd never screamed at someone in my life.
There's something really nice about not sitting separate from the crew in some massive trailer away from the studio. To actually be there with them, it's more of a creative process.
You're being cast for your acting ability. It's not based on the way your body functions. If you're playing a lead in a movie, it's for that character and they'll tailor it to you. In a dance company, you have to fit in a definite mold.
I don't know how people can live without a therapist.
My issue in the past with nudity was that these scenes had been written solely for box office draw.
