Canadian,Actor
Two shows at once is crazy, but I love it.
And I've been lucky in that I haven't had another job besides acting in the last five years.
There's one site where you can buy pictures of me for five bucks a pop.
We both have a great loyalty to it, and I think that it's important to give it our best shot.
I really enjoy the people. I find them to be better educated and wittier.
My heritage is English, so I'm proud to be back here.
We went to the British Museum, and I was looking up my family in the books - pages and pages on it.
It makes you realise that people are the same wherever you go.
It changed my life in a lot of ways - before I got that role I was just going from job to job, not really having enough money to be able to do what I wanted to do.
You can be in an acting class all you want, but you don't fully learn until you get off that stage and in front of a camera.
When you're doing a series like this, you're constantly looking for new ways to excite your audience.
Supporting characters add depth to a story, and great actors leave their imprint with the audience.
Everything has an end.
I felt that K wasn't getting a fair shake anyway.
It's not that fun to just play a villain, without any reasoning behind it.
I wanted more in depth ideas about the character and it never came.
I think everyone has some fascination with what's outside our existence. It's a constant journey to find the truth.
It's certainly more interesting for me as an actor, but I think it's also more interesting for the audience to see three-dimensional characters, rather than just a bad guy or a good guy.
I've spent so much time the last seven, eight years in Los Angeles, away from my family, away from my friends, away from the city that is my favourite place to be and I just want to come here and have a proper life.
L.A. to me is not really an attractive place.
I just wanted to act. I didn't want to do anything else.
When I'm on my deathbed, I'll hopefully be able to count more friends than parts that I had.
My sister is a nurse and saves people's lives.
At Christmas, 'It's a Wonderful Life' makes me cry in exactly the same places every time, even though I know it's coming.
I'm living in L.A. but my heart's in Vancouver.
My goal is to be living back in Canada as soon as I can, hopefully somewhere in the Gulf Islands.
