Canadian,Actor
I just love shows that don't hand everything to you, that ask you to be smarter. I think that's something really important that HBO has done to change the landscape of TV.
So, from a very young age, my mom tells me that I wanted to be Michael J. Fox. I didn't want to be an actor. I just wanted to be Michael J. Fox for awhile. And then, I realized that he was an actor, so I pursued that.
Theater is a way to keep challenging myself.
My whole career is just terror, from beginning to end. That's kind of my thing. A lot of happy accidents happened.
I fell in love with acting, just going to a lot of plays. My parents went to a lot of plays, and I went to a lot of schools that would get plays for kids.
Anytime I met an actor, I just attacked them and said, 'How did you do this?' Eventually, I began to realize that you went to school for it. I wasn't a bright kid, so it took me a long time to figure that out.
My dad was a journalist. He was in Rwanda right after the genocide. In Berlin when the wall came down. He was always disappearing and coming back with amazing stories. So telling stories for a living made sense to me.
There was a small window when I wanted to be an astronaut. It may have coincided with not getting cast in a high school play.
The entire time I was up shooting 'Suits,' I was running back to my trailer to help get 'Nine Circles' produced. It's a no-brainer for me to keep that part of life alive.
It's the big question of every TV show, right, where you have these two people who it's clear the world wants to put them together and everyone wants to see them together, but also when you're telling these stories you can't throw these people together immediately.
What's really interesting and fun to explore is not just the falling in love and everything being great, but the obstacles to falling in love.
I was really a charmer; I was the guy who would get to the office, the principal would sit me down and within 10 minutes, we'd be, like, talking about some movies or something.
