Canadian,Environmentalist
I do what I do because it is the right thing to do. I am a warrior, and it is the way of the warrior to fight superior odds.
Follow your dreams and use your natural-born talents and skills to make this a better world for tomorrow.
The shark is the apex predator in the sea. Sharks have molded evolution for 450 million years. All fish species that are prey to the sharks have had their behavior, their speed, their camouflage, their defense mechanisms molded by the shark.
The most powerful weapon in the world, as far as I'm concerned, is the camera.
Ships are expendable; the whales are not.
I have been honoured to serve the whales, dolphins, seals - and all the other creatures on this Earth. Their beauty, intelligence, strength, and spirit have inspired me.
Everybody is a hypocrite. You can't live on this planet without being a hypocrite.
To me extremism is targeting endangered whales in a whale sanctuary in violation of a moratorium. That, to me, is extreme.
We'll lose more species of plants and animals between 2000 and 2065 than we've lost in the last 65 million years. If we don't find answers to these problems, we're gonna be victims of this extinction event that we're at fault for.
Sometimes we are separated by differences, and sometimes we are united by common ideals of respect and compassion.
People are beginning to realize that we need to live in accordance with the law of ecology, the law of finite resources, and if we don't, we're going to go extinct.
The tragedy is that there is so much more incentive - money - to destroy the ecology than there is to preserve it.
Social change comes through people.
NATO isn't going to be concerned about fishing.
I don't see the point in making a distinction between natives having more of a right to kill whales than nonnative people.
Captain Falco saw the diminishment of biodiversity in our oceans over a span of nearly seven decades. He was dedicated to the protection of life and habitats in the sea. He was a legendary mariner, diver, oceanographer, and conservationist. The world is a better place because of him.
There are very few fishermen left today.
If we wipe out the fish, the oceans are going to die. If the oceans die, we die. We can't live on this planet with a dead ocean.
I feel that we have a responsibility to try to do everything we can to protect species, and the best way to do that is to uphold international conservation law.
In 'Deadliest Catch,' we have men in ships in rough seas catching crabs. With 'Whale Wars,' we have men and women from a dozen different nations going out to sea in rough weather to help save the whales. We also have icebergs, whales, penguins, and dramatic ship-to-ship confrontations.
We buy a bottle of water in the city, where clean water comes out in its taps. You know, back in 1965, if someone said to the average person, 'You know in thirty years you are going to buy water in plastic bottles and pay more for that water than for gasoline?' Everybody would look at you like you're completely out of your mind.
It is true that many of the Sea Shepherd crewmembers are inexperienced, but the fact is that these volunteers bring a passion to the project that cannot be found in a hired crew.
The only language that the Japanese whaling industry understands is economics.
People sometimes feel frustrated about what's going on in our oceans and environment, and 'Whale Wars' shows that ordinary people can take action and make things happen.
Protesting is fundamentally submissive.
No species is more important than others.
We live on the most incredible planet, and yet we abuse it, and we abuse it mercilessly.
The environmental movement doesn't have many deserters and has a high level of recruitment. Eventually, there will be open war.
I always say, 'I'm not a pirate, I just play one on TV.'
No words can describe the personal liberation that heading seaward bestows upon me. In this aquatic realm, no man or woman is subject to the petty decrees of social bureaucracy.
I will not watch a whale die. I've not seen a whale die since I left Greenpeace in 1977.
You will not ever perceive the truth that is reality. There are many realities.
I find it abhorrent to see a whale being slaughtered and do nothing but bear witness.
People say I manipulate the media. Well, duh. We live in a media culture, so why on earth wouldn't I?
People feel good about giving money to Greenpeace.
The United Nations World Charter for Nature, section 21, empowers any nongovernmental organisation or individual to uphold international conservation law in areas beyond national jurisdiction and specifically on the high seas.
The Brer Rabbit ploy has been quite effective for me. When a country is talking about prosecuting me, I demand to be charged and put on trial and offer to pay my own airfare. They know that I'm going to bring a lot of international media with me and put their whaling programme on trial, and they decide it's better to keep quiet and do nothing.
Taiwan gives a lot of foreign aid to Costa Rica, so it looks like they are basically buying the right to fish, even though it's not legal.
In Ecuador, if I go after an Ecuadoran, I'm in trouble; if I go after a Costa Rican, I'm a hero.
All confrontation is based on deception.
As long as there is a Southern Ocean whale sanctuary, Sea Shepherd crew will continue to patrol and defend it.
There are quite a few disgruntled Greenpeacers who are opposed to its policy of non-cooperation.
My clients are the whales and the seals.
Greenpeace has a fast ship that could stop the whalers cold.
Nobody can legitimately claim to be a marine ecologist and conservationist while continuing to eat fish. It is the ultimate form of hypocrisy.
Being lampooned on 'South Park' is hardly something to complain about. They brought the issue of the dolphin and whale slaughter by the Japanese to a very large audience. I could not really care less how I was portrayed.
I was doing a talk show in Vancouver, and somebody called in a bomb threat to protest my violence, which I thought was pretty strange. We had to evacuate.
I don't care if I put people off.
I'm never horrible to anybody. My problem, and you can ask any of my friends, is that I'm too nice to everybody.
You don't get anywhere unless you've had a little bit of a complicated life.
My grandfather carried me around on his shoulders at 85.
Costa Rica and Germany have simply been pawns in the Japanese quest to silence Sea Shepherd in an attempt to stop our annual opposition of their illegal whaling activities.
I'm not really a fugitive.
The oceans are the last free place on the planet.
Canada I don't trust. The Canadian government hates me more than the Japanese.
I want to stay in the ocean. I'm not going to be able to do that from some holding cell in Japan.
Dutch prisons are probably the most civilized you're going to find anywhere in the world.
There's no rest when you're on planetary duty.
I don't eat fish because there is no such thing as sustainable fishing in the world right now.
Commercial fishermen are the greediest, stupidest people on earth.
We're close to losing our essential diversity. Look at our wheat crops - we rely on a handful of grain crops and plants that we've refined and bred over hundreds of years.
The sealing industry is dying.
I'm not interested in culture; I'm interested in the law.
Russian subs are a bargain at $60,000. Unfortunately, none of the dials or instructions are in English.
Putting Zodiacs in front of whaling vessels doesn't do it anymore. Done that, been there, seen that.
I would just say that nobody could do what I do unless you had a big ego. It's the only way you can really put it. You have to be arrogant enough to challenge the arrogance of the human race.
I wouldn't think I was successful if I didn't have just as many people hate me as support me.
The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society recognizes that the deaths of four sealers is a tragedy, but Sea Shepherd also recognizes that the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of seal pups is an even greater tragedy.
Nobody has ever been hurt by the actions of ships I have been on.
Most people can't see the connection between their own lives and the oceans.
Documentaries make a difference.
I don't think you really have to retire from what you do.
Every fish in the ocean is in danger.
Spermaceti oil is valued for its high resistance to heat, and thus it is used in machinery where there is excessive heat.
In December 2012, the U.S. 9th district court granted a temporary injunction to the Japanese whalers that ordered the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society U.S.A. to not approach within 500 yards of the whaling vessels.
If you're dealing with criminals, they're not going to want to go to court.
Way back in October 2007, I had urged thousands of Australians to vote for Kevin Rudd and Peter Garrett's Labor Party. Why? Because they promised to get tough on illegal Japanese whaling.
I have an unexplainable belief that I will never cause harm or be harmed while at sea. Because of this, I feel secure at sea: I feel secure in the ice, I feel secure in the storms, and I feel secure in confrontations.
The Polynesians used to have a system where they proclaimed a fishing area as 'taboo.' If any fisherman was caught fishing in a taboo area, they would be killed. The Polynesians understand that the fish had to be given a chance to recover.
I have actually led more expeditions to Antarctica than Scott, Amundsen, and Shackleton put together.
I don't think that any government has a right to subvert the truth or to cover up the truth, and all I see WikiLeaks doing is exposing the truth.
That's the thing with celebrities: the media can't ignore them.
When I hear so-called professional journalists ask why we have celebrities speak for us and for the animals, the environment or social causes, I marvel at their denial of the rules of their own trade.
Does Greenpeace think it can stop whaling in Antarctica by publicly eating whale meat and declaring it delicious? What are these people thinking?
I don't have a religion, but I respect them.
An American citizen is not going to be extradited to Japan for saving whales.
Bluefin tuna is sort of like the cheetah of the ocean. It's the fastest fish. It's a warm-blooded fish. But it's got a $100,000 price tag on its head.
There's money to be made by driving a species extinct.
Domestic house cats kill more fish than all the world's seals put together.
In 1993, I chased Cuban and Spanish drag trawlers off the Grand Banks off of Newfoundland. And it cost them $35 million in losses.
It's a war, I think, to save the planet, really, from ourselves.
I've won some awards. 'Time' magazine designated me as one of the environmental heroes of the 20th century. Oh, and I've got some honorary citizenships, like from the Conch Republic of the Florida Keys. But the one thing I am proud of is I didn't get the Chevron environmental award. Never did get that one.
I take a biocentric point of view. I look at things from the point of view of the Earth and the laws of ecology. As opposed to the anthropocentric point of view, where everything revolves around humanity.
When I was born, there were three billion people on the planet.
I feel that people should have a license to have children, that they have proper education how to raise children. And that nobody should be allowed to be a parent unless they can prove that they are competent enough to be a parent.
I always try to take the unexpected things and make them work for me.
Actually, I never really look at myself as a real radical activist; I am more the conservative. I mean, the conservatives are trying to conserve; the radicals are destroying the planet.
Any social movement throughout history has always been carried out by only 7% of population being passionately active in that.
Here's the thing: Nobody gets extradited for a crime where nobody's been hurt, where no property's been damaged.
In Africa, the rangers shoot poachers.
The Sea Shepherd crew is doing what governments should be doing, but refuse to do themselves, because of the threats of trade retaliation from Japan.
Ecoterrorism is terrorism against the environment.
Japan is a bully nation that takes what it wants and threatens any who oppose it.
I have known Farley Mowat all of my life, from reading his books as a child to becoming a close friend of his over the last three decades.
I experienced the California Northridge Earthquake of 1994 and the eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980, and I have thus seen firsthand how terrible and awesomely devastating a force of nature can be.
Sea Shepherd is to terrorism what Groucho was to Marxism.
