Canadian,Athlete
It's wherever business rules, business is going to get the politicians they want because they control the money and money controls the power.
But basically, I'm trying to write a fun story.
Comedy, at least the way I write comedy, is just drama with jokes.
Everything I've done is an old Marvel comic in its' own way.
First of all: no one in their right mind would sign an exclusive contract.
I mean, price is price. It's just where you want to spend your money.
I mean, the most important thing to me is imagination.
I went to Vortex and Vortex is a whole 'nother story.
I've done work for hire. I've worked for DC and Dark Horse.
If I've got food and water, as long as I can exercise my mind and keep it nimble, then I'll be okay.
If it came to saving the life of one priest or sacrificing the life of an entire congregation, the church would save the life of the priest. Which is backwards, of course.
If you exercise your mind, you're not going to get sick.
If you like a story that's totally different and won't know which way it's going... where it's go ing to end up and which way it's going to take you, then I think my work fits the bill.
If you'd rather go to the football game than read a comic, that's fine. I'd rather do both.
In the Second World War, they're talking about the Japanese traitors and putting them into concentration camps. But companies like DuPont had factories in Germany turning out stuff for the German Army.
It's pretty well known that the CIA has been installing friendly dictators around the world for years.
Jesus gives his life for the congregation, not the other way around.
Marvel has put out good product. DC has put out good product. Even Image has put out good product, as far as I'm concerned... although it's few and far between. But it's not getting recognized, no matter who's doing it.
My main point is to entertain in a way that is unique and different from what anybody else id doing; to apply my voice in a way that nobody else in the industry is applying theirs.
My wife is wonderful. She's one of the people who has changed my life around... or has allowed ME to change my life around.
On the whole, and this comment can get me in a lot of trouble, I find that retailers in the comic book business are not business people. They're fans who've gotten themselves shops.
Planet Lucy Press? I incorporated myself to deal with publishing and was calling myself Big Bang Incorporated, which of course has to do with the Big Bang at the beginning of creation.
Since the Gulf War, since the new World Order, America is now the number one arms dealer in the world.
That and the fact that I knew that nobody was going to publish my work at Dark Horse or DC or anywhere.
The first thing you need to run for President is a budget of around $20 million dollars a day.
The only reality is our society, and I mean this seriously, Western Society is a very sick society.
