Canadian,Actor
I've learned it's important not to limit yourself. You can do whatever you really love to do, no matter what it is.
There's something messed up with my brain.
Sometimes I think that the one thing I love most about being an adult is the right to buy candy whenever and wherever I want.
I think about death a lot, like I think we all do. I don't think of suicide as an option, but as fun. It's an interesting idea that you can control how you go. It's this thing that's looming, and you can control it.
I did what I had to do to get where I wanted to go. I had unearned confidence.
I loved growing up in Canada. It's a great place to grow up because - well, at least where I grew up - it's very multicultural. There's also good health care and a good education system.
I like working with actresses, and I like women a lot, not for obvious reasons, but just in that that there's so much about what they bring to the scene that keeps it so interesting. Their instincts are so different, and they never explain them to you.
Muscles. We're talking about muscles? They're like pets, basically, and they're not worth it. They're just not worth it. You have to feed them all the time and take care of them, and if you don't, they just go away. They run away.
I don't even think of myself as particularly good looking, and not at all a typical kind of Hollywood leading man sort of actor.
I love being Canadian. I think growing up in Canada gives you a world perspective that I certainly enjoy.
I try to play characters who are different from myself, so I feel like this character is someone who is really different. I actually think that if I did what he did in this movie, I would get a restraining order put against me.
I think that you can sort of have your own personal journey and you know, you can just kind of apply that to whatever characters you're playing.
I'm waiting to get old - I think old guys with tattoos look good.
I never was that boy who loved gangster films, but when I was growing up, I was obsessed with the detective Dick Tracy. It was one of my favourite movies as a kid, and he really inspired me. I would have loved to be part of that golden age of Hollywood in the 1940s. It made me want to become an actor.
You can only be yourself, and it sounds cheesy, but when it comes to filmmaking, there's really nowhere to hide.
They say never meet your heroes. But the addendum to that is 'unless they're Harrison Ford.'
I have a friend that is a WWII buff, and we sat and talked a lot about stuff like the war and the reasons behind it, and you now it's all in the uniform. Once you're in it, it usually does all the work for you.
All my characters are me. I'm not a good enough actor to become a character. I hear about actors who become the role and I think 'I wonder what that feels like.' Because for me, they're all me.
I've been doing this since I was 12... I don't want to act much longer; I can't do one thing my whole life.
I did this scene in 'Lars and the Real Girl' where I was in a room full of old ladies who were knitting, and it was an all-day scene, so they showed me how. It was one of the most relaxing days of my life.
I think we just knew that we had a movie when Rachel walked in the room.
You know us crazy kids. We'll do anything crazy to our hair.
Freedom is such a gift.
If I eat a huge meal and I can get the girl to rub my belly, I think that's about as romantic as I can think of.
In New York, you're forced to deal with life; it's there in front of you on a daily basis.
When I was a kid, I was kind of obsessed with that movie 'Dick Tracy.' Burger King had all this 'Dick Tracy' stuff, and I collected all of it, and I had the posters, and I watched it on a loop.
I always wanted to entertain. When I was six, a scrawny, scrawny kid, I'd get in my red speedo and do muscle moves. I actually thought I was muscular. I didn't know everyone was laughing at me.
For now, I'm just going to keep doing the work and hope I don't get fired. If people want to put me up on their walls, I'll love it.
The theme for me is love and the lack of it. We all want that and we don't know how to get it, and everything we do is some kind of attempt to capture it for ourselves.
As a kid I decided that a Canadian accent doesn't sound tough. I thought guys should sound like Marlon Brando. So now I have a phony accent that I can't shake, so it's not phony anymore.
If the character is true, the movie will fall into place. Or at least that's what you hope.
There used to be a candy called 'Bonkers,' which I believe to be the greatest candy of all time.
I know there are only so many characters I'll be able to play.
I grew up in a family of strong women and I owe any capacity I have to understand women to my mother and big sister. They taught me to respect women in a way where I've always felt a strong emotional connection to women, which has also helped me in the way I approach my work as an actor.
If I have any particular appeal to women, maybe it's because I listen more than other guys do and appreciate how they think and feel about things.
I always wanted to do a comedy, but I wanted to pick the right one. But it came down to working with Steve Carell. I've wanted to work with him since I met him years ago as a kid.
I grew up Mormon. I wasn't really Mormon, my parents were.
There's good things about going to church.
If people want to put me up on their walls, I'll love it.
I've lost perspective on what I'm doing. I think it's good for me to take a break and reassess why I'm doing it and how I'm doing it. And I think this is probably a good way to learn about that. I need a break from myself as much as I imagine the audience does.
There's a lot of pressure to be the lead of a film. I have done it. It's not my favorite way to work.
Working with someone is the best way to get to know someone, especially if it's a creative endeavor.
I felt like I was going crazy as a kid. I wanted to be man, get a job.
I don't like the process of meeting someone and you make a film and that's it. You think you're just getting started, and then it's over.
I've wanted to make films since a really young age. It's always been my passion.
When you meet your kids, you realize that they deserve great parents. And then you have your marching orders, and you have to try and become the person that they deserve.
Some of the styles of dance in 'La La Land' I wish I had spent time on when I was a kid.
I know that I'm with the person I'm supposed to be with.
Women are better than men.
When my mother and I walked to the grocery store, men would circle the block in cars. It was very, very scary, especially as a young boy. Very predatory - a hunt.
My home life now is mostly women. They are better than us. They make me better.
What's nice with comedy is that you know it's working if it's funny.
I've always liked women more. I was brought up by my mother and older sister. I found my way into dance class.
People don't step outside themselves and make the film they want to make, because they're afraid of the reaction. But once you get that reaction and have lived through it, there's nothing they can do to get you down.
It was a strange experience, making a love story and not getting along with your co-star in any way.
I'm from Canada, and I think, like everyone growing up anywhere else in the world, you are very aware of America - it sort of looms large in its legend, and so did Detroit.
I had a lot of romanticised ideas of what Detroit was like, but I didn't get there until I was 30, and it was very different than I had imagined it.
I didn't want to make a literal film about Detroit, because it felt like what they were experiencing was more universal than that.
A car is only trouble at a certain point.
I think I was always bound to become two selves, if I wasn't already.
I don't believe my house was haunted. I think I had an overactive imagination, and I was so convinced that those around me became convinced, too.
I don't know specifically what scenes I'd like to see violence in - I crave violence when I'm watching a John Hughes movie.
I just sort of feel like John Hughes movies are perfect, but they're missing violence. If they just had some violence, they'd be perfect.
I don't know enough about manliness to define it.
Watching myself. Watching the people around me. There was some part of me that was there as a kid and growing up and living my life, but there was also some part of me that was watching it all happen from the nosebleeds.
The Internet is just an abstract place. Sure, I've become part of that in some way, but it's hard for me to wrap my head around a lot of it. I prefer just to kind of stay out of it.
It's weird to have no control over something that you're involved in.
Maybe in my life I sort of put myself in situations that were chaotic, outside of my life.
I wish I could be Peter Falk.
When I made 'The Notebook,' the director, Nick Cassavetes, who is John's son, used to show me his father's movies.
Actors become very professional and proficient about watching out for each other's light and not stepping on each other's lines.
My uncle was an Elvis impersonator - his name was Perry, and he went by 'Elvis Perry' - and my work as a wedding singer landed me a spot in his act.
My sister and I used to sing at weddings. We would sing 'When a Man Loves a Woman' to the bride. We'd do it right before the garter ceremony.
I grew up in a town called Cornwall, Ontario, which is about an hour outside of Montreal.
If I'm still acting at 46, I'll be surprised.
I feel like I think like a woman because I grew up with my mother and my sister, so I've just been programmed to think like a girl.
My mother had to tailor what I watched.
I'm attracted to films that have strong female characters because there are strong female characters in my life. That's my own reality, so it's a doorway into a world for me.
I danced a little as a kid here in Canada: in Ottawa at the Elite Dance Studio and at the Top Hat Dance School in Cornwall where I grew up. So I had some experience of having to learn routines.
I love 'An American in Paris.' That's the one for me. Some of the visual ideas in that film are just haunting and very free.
It's interesting the kind of freedom the musical form gives you. The rules are out the window. You can get impressionistic without seeming pretentious. Because it's perceived as an inherently accessible form, it gives filmmakers some leeway.
I grew up on Shane Black movies, and I grew up on Joel Silver movies.
My first exposure to what Hollywood was like, behind the scenes, was when Joel Silver started screaming at Roger Rabbit at the beginning of 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit.'
The '70s just seemed dirty, honestly, and not in an interesting way. It's not the '80s. In fact, it's 10 less. I grew up in the '80s, so that's more of an interesting time to me.
The people of Disney are so incredibly amazing; they are so nice.
I need a break from myself as much as I imagine the audience does.
I'm going to make a movie about 'Hey Girl.'
I grew up on Mel Brooks films. That was film to me until I got a little bit older and realised there were other kinds of movies.
'The Nice Guys' fulfilled my 1970s fantasy.
That's the power of film. If it's good, it can somehow make you feel connected to even the farthest thing from your own experience.
This is going to sound ridiculous, but I remember watching 'Boyz n the Hood,' and there is a scene where Cuba Gooding, Jr. gets pressed against a car by a police officer, and he starts crying because it's so humiliating. I remember thinking in that moment that I could totally identify with him, and I'm a little white kid from Canada.
Do you remember when Fabio got hit in the face with a pigeon on the roller coaster, and it broke his nose? Sometimes I feel like I'm the pigeon, and the Internet is Fabio's face. Actually, I don't know if I'm the pigeon, or I'm Fabio's face. Depends on the day, I guess.
I got a Twitter because some guy was pretending to be me.
You learn from all directors, all these guys.
You can tell so much about somebody by the films they make, and it's only while I approach this do I now realize how much of the filmmaker you can see in their films.
I'm not very good at knowing what people want. I don't have that talent. The best I can do is make films that resonate with me and see what happens.
Any time you stick your neck out in high school, there's someone right there to chop your head off.
I left Canada to come to Hollywood to make movies.
I read a lot of script. In my opinion, most of them aren't good or aren't about people.
You can't geek out with a lot of people about Linda Manz.
Anybody could write a bad script, and I'm one of them, you know?
I think the 'Law of Attraction' comes from a rich, white, privileged perspective.
My mom was really cool.
It's not like I set out to be 'the indie guy.'
I really believe my films are going to be successful, that I'm making 'The Blair Witch Project' - something that will transcend expectations and resonate with people.
When my films don't do well, I'm hurt and surprised. It's discouraging.
You feel good if you've done hard work. You sleep better. You get stuck in your head if you have too much time to think.
I make a mean tuna fish sandwich.
I think 'Believer' and 'Leland' were such great things to have been a part of, and I learned a lot.
I had to keep reminding myself in 'Blue Valentine' that I was actually making a film.
I don't really have that much angst to get rid of.
It's Shane Black. He's a world unto himself. His world is so fun and crazy.
I was very impressed by Walt Disney and the idea that you could have a dream and you could realize it to the point where people could walk around within it... It still resonates with me. I wanted to be somebody who believed in their ideas that much.
What a lot of people don't understand about the NC-17, which I didn't understand, is that you can't show it in major theater chains - and you can't even air spots for your film on television. It really stigmatizes the movie.
Most movies, you have to try and forget you're making a movie, because there are trailers and booms and lights and marks, and it's everywhere.
I'd like to see some Broadway shows at some point in time.
I turned 30, and everyone told me I would feel different, and I didn't.
Now that I'm an actor and I have movies, press, I have more occasions to wear suits. I like wearing suits.
Show me a man who wouldn't give it all up for Emma Stone, and I'll show you a liar.
I guess there's something about you don't know why you're attracted to a character, but you're attracted to them enough to want to - it's like when a song comes on, and you feel like dancing. You don't know why; you just want to dance. It's hard to analyze that feeling, and if you do, you get far away from it.
Cars can have a hypnotic effect. You can get in a car and get out and not really remember the trip.
When you drive, you can kind of put your identity aside in the passenger's seat because you're not being watched, and you can just be the watcher.
I was highly influenced by violence.
When I was a kid, I saw 'Rambo First Blood', and the next day, I took knives to school and threw them at everybody. So I was definitely influenced by violent films before 'Drive.'
I feel like I'm always trying to make a movie about the Two Faced Man in some way.
I'm Canadian, and so American politics aren't really in my wheelhouse.
I feel like one of the things that I watched that I felt was really helpful in some way but, more than anything, is worth mentioning was this film 'Boogie Man.' It's a documentary about Lee Atwater.
I'm just sort of making it up as I go along.
