Canadian,Writer
There's only one Squirrel Girl!
As a kid, I loved the idea of alternate possibilities, roads not taken, that sort of thing - and I think seeing the 'Adventure Time' universe rendered by the artists in those stories will scratch that same itch really well.
Squirrel Girl is basically a Silver Age character in the modern age, and that makes her a fish out of water in a lot of ways. She likes being a superhero. She likes fighting crime. She doesn't sit around brooding in the darkness of her Squirrel Hole trying to figure out new ways to make crime pay.
The nice thing about Squirrel Girl is that she's smart, and she looks for situations that don't necessarily involve punching people all the time.
You can have an idea that everyone else thinks is dumb, and it's still a good idea.
It turns out childbirth is really... messy.
You can do so much crazy stuff with books that isn't necessarily being done. That's how culture stays alive - by doing new things with it.
The nice thing with Shakespeare from a modern point of view is that a lot of stuff that was tragic for him can read as comic for us.
I think the best villains are ones that you can look at and say, 'Yeah, he's obviously going about this the wrong way or going too far or whatever, but I can see where he's coming from.' Magneto's a great example of that, and the reason he and Charles Xavier can have such great conversations is that they can both make some good points.
A shot-down advance doesn't have to mean the end of a relationship, right? You can still be friends, as long as you're not dumb about it.
Your worst enemy as a writer - especially one working online a lot of the time - is obscurity.
You care a lot about these stories you're writing, and you hope that someone else will care, too.
It's good to have hobbies.
I've always found it funny when people call 'Romeo and Juliet' 'the greatest love story ever told' because - man - it does not work out well for those kids, you know? I'd like to think the greatest love story ever told would at least let them be together for more than a few hours.
My first book, 'To Be or Not To Be,' took 'Hamlet' and converted it to the choose-your-own-path format. It was a great fit for a book where you control what happens - a book as game - because the plot of 'Hamlet' is very game-like: get a mission from a ghost to kill the final boss, kill the final boss, and game over. You win.
The fun thing about writing a book with multiple paths and multiple endings is you really get to explore the characters and figure out their different fates.
The idea of taking command of your life and doing something that you're not sure if you can do and you're not really sure if you should do it, I think is pretty timeless. We all face those doubts often, if not constantly.
The first mp3 I downloaded, which I guess was illegal, was a symphonic rendering of the Super Mario Brothers 1-1 theme song. It was great. I was like, 'This is blowing MIDI files out of the water. This is the future, right here.'
I actually put Jubilee in 'Squirrel Girl.' I made it a priority.
If you're going to be adapting something across media, you should at least have the moves that people want you to hit and that you want to hit.
Yes, I've won prizes for putting words on a computer.
This is why it's hard to talk about winning awards. You can't do it without sounding like a tool.
I've never written a novel before, and part of the reason I haven't is I was worried about getting 50,000 words into a book and realizing I'd made a mistake on word three that would mean throwing everything out.
Writing 'Jughead' in general is a pleasure because - and I think a lot of very tall guys can agree with me on this - there was a time in my teenage years where I just ate all the time and never got full.
I see Jughead as being generally this really rational dude, this anchor of sensibility in a world of boy/girl-crazy friends.
I used to worry that I had a finite supply of ideas, that I should hold on to each of them in case it was the last. But then I talked to other cartoonists, and I realized ideas are cheap; you can have a million ideas. The tricky part is the follow-through: making good ones work, making the best out of the raw material!
The great thing about online comics is that this happens naturally, even if you don't advertise.
I believe that a good comic script can succeed despite being drawn badly, but that a bad script can't be saved by good art. Of course, great writing and great illustration makes for a great comic 100 percent of the time.
I believe good writing can save bad art.
Sometimes I feel like I must be hinting at this deep well of knowledge when, really, I just skim off the surface.
When I graduated, I sort of went from school to being a cartoonist, and I couldn't draw.
It's like jazz: You learn the rules to break them - as long as you can break them in a meaningful way.
Social media has been a great change. It's also a great way to disseminate comics and market them.
I can see people sharing my comics and talking about them, which is very gratifying.
It's a lot harder for an author that's unpublished to say, 'Hey, here's a new book.' There's nothing of theirs to read, so you don't know what it's going to be like. Kickstarter is great, but you also have to put your work out there whenever you can so you can build a reputation.
There are so many ways to make a book or comic, but most involve doing something online.
There's tons of people doing awesome things with comics online - I'm just one dude!
I think with most things online, if you treat your audience like friends instead of like Impressions and Clickthrough Percentages and Returns On Investment, then you're off to a great start.
With 'Machine of Death,' we became the #1 bestselling book on Amazon in a single day.
My goal is for a complete collection of 'Squirrel Girl' comics to be equivalent to a C.S. bachelor degree. Now there's a comic that increases in value!
As all C.S. students know, first year is super easy, but second year is when things get harder. At least that's how it was in my experience. And I didn't have to save the planet between classes either. Instead, I went home and studied quietly. I was a party animal.
