Canadian,Actor
When you have expectations, you are setting yourself up for disappointment.
I find that I get a little depressed if I don't move my body each day, so sometimes it's just as simple as walking, and other times it's training for a marathon or some kind of personal goal that I'm trying to meet.
I think a fragrance is more of a signature than even what you wear - something you'll remember more down the road than a shirt.
I played rugby for years, and I had a rugby jacket that I lost when I was 14. Somehow, my brother found it in storage 15 years later, and he gave it back to me for my 30th birthday. That was amazing and probably one of the best gifts I've ever received.
It's funny, because there are so many stereotypes out there about actors and movie stars in general, but I've had a great opportunity to meet a lot of them, and maybe it's just because they don't behave that way around me, but I rarely see that kind of abuse of power.
I think you have to let go of this idea that you can be precious about everything, and let it be the abstract mess that it is.
Are you stalking me? Because that would be super.
Any kind of crisis can be good. It wakes you up.
My tattoo is of a cannon in Vancouver that I got in a fleeting moment of stupidity maybe 14 years ago. A lot of people have really beautiful tattoos, and I get real tattoo envy. But then other people basically just treat them like bumper stickers for their bodies.
I was a really nervous kid. I was extremely sensitive. Incredibly perceptive.
My father was a police officer before he retired. One of my brothers is also a police officer, and I think they kind of expected I would do something along those lines, like become a fireman or something.
Acting has given me a way to channel my angst. I feel like an overweight, pimply faced kid a lot of the time - and finding a way to access that insecurity, and put it toward something creative is incredibly rewarding. I feel very lucky.
I can't say I've ever finished a film and been particularly thrilled with myself or patted myself on the back. And maybe that's what keeps me going, and that's a good thing. It speaks volumes about how I perceive myself.
I'm a bit of an M&M nut. I like the blue ones. I pick them out.
People have their complexities. They have their heroic moments and their villainous moments, too.
I like doing the mainstream, right-down-the-pike broad comedies as much as I like doing the kind of unorthodox different stuff.
There's a very real possibility in this industry of going out and leading your life and then going home and being a voyeur of your own life. You can literally go watch yourself - where you went last night, what you did, what the things that people presuppose about you. It's kind of crazy.
If you ask me to describe my relationship, I mean - words are too clumsy to accurately describe how I feel in that regard, particularly in an interview. It's a strange thing.
Character acting is a much braver pursuit than a guy who runs around and intermittently clenches his jaw muscles.
I just like to look beautiful sometimes.
Fragrance is a very personal gift, and I think that's why it makes a great Christmas gift. There's a very distinct signature to it, so if you give it as a gift, I like to think that it's from a person that thinks very highly of you.
I have daddy issues. So I keep tissues on me at all times.
Even if my father wasn't speaking to me, he would never, ever miss a baseball game.
I just love bikes. It's not the safest passion to have, but I guess it's better than Russian roulette.
The stunts on the ground I can do, but I've never been good with heights.
I'm six foot two. If I need security around me, there's a problem.
By the time I came to L.A. I'd already cried on movies of the week with two of the women from 'Knots Landing'.
I grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Any great director is also someone who is incredibly intelligent about whom they hire around them.
My career has been an inch at a time.
My family is as far from a stage family as you could ever possibly find.
I feared disappointing my father more than anything in the world.
I love Canada. It makes a nice hat for America. When America runs out of water, it's the first place I'll go.
I'll say this: The media wasn't invited to my marriage, and they're definitely not invited into the divorce.
It's tough. It's very tricky to throw a morally flexible character onto the screen and have an audience empathize. It's always an exercise in restraint.
I did as much as I could in Vancouver. You can only play so many ex-'Falcon Crest' sons in so many movies of the week before you burn out.
You'd be hard pressed to find more drama in 'Days of Our Lives' than you do in an average job each day.
There's a lot of actors I think that appear so much more together as the characters they portray as opposed to the actual people, so I know I've said this before: Hollywood's not a place where you're rewarded for growing up.
I think we know too much about actors as it is and their personal lives and it's this information age where we're stimulated constantly by the celebrity buzz effect or whatever it is, these web sites and blogs and different things.
Guys are lucky: We can wear a suit over and over, just with different shirts and ties.
When I'm not training for a movie, it's more relaxed. I do a lot of running. Usually I'll run four to six miles about three times a week. You try to eat right, but you don't always.
I know there are actors we all want to beat up a little. I think it's important to do whatever it takes, and whatever it takes sometimes involves some physical or mental discipline. There's a lot at stake.
I've had the pretty good fortune of working with some decent guys and gals.
You know, there's nobody where I've said, 'Man, I really want that guy's career.' I mean, each of us has to make our own go of it.
When your dad's a cop, calling 911 is really just like calling Dad at work.
Every time I've gotten myself into trouble, it's because I'm choosing a project based on a long-term career goal as opposed to something that speaks to me at the moment.
I understand the climate we live in and why people are curious. But it's just tough and almost emotionally violent - for anyone, I think - to see your personal life summarized in a sentence.
I don't get a lot of romantic comedy scripts.
I'm terrified that I'm genetically predisposed to only having boys. That's frightening. By the time I was 10 years old, and I'm not exaggerating, I knew how to patch drywall.
There's nothing my brothers and I didn't put a hole in. We turned our home into a Wiffle house.
Like a lot of people, I've got a self-loathing streak that's alive and well. It acts as a de facto engine when I'm working, but it also has its extraordinary pitfalls, too.
I've always just liked working. I like being a working actor.
There's an old saying that you don't ever finish a movie, you abandon it, and I really believe that. I never walk away from a take and pat myself on the back.
As a kid, I think I wanted to be the on-set dresser for 'Charlie's Angels'. My goals weren't lofty. No. I just wanted to someday quit my paper round and that was about it.
I think every relationship is going to go through a few rough patches. Those are what make it stronger, I think.
I have a discipline that has served me very well in my career and in my personal life... and that's gotten stronger as I've gotten older. I've always felt if I don't just have a natural knack for it, I will just out-discipline the competition if I have to - work harder than anybody else.
I'm sure I have a lot to atone for, if there is a judgment day. It's gonna be a long list for me. It goes right up until I was about 18, and then I sort of straightened out.
The problem with romantic comedies is you know the ending by the poster. So they're not movies you can keep doing over and over again expect satisfaction somehow.
I've had an alarming amount of concussions.
I don't think you can help but personalize a role. You almost play to none of the preconceived notions of it. It's more or less a personal experience and journey.
'Green Lantern' I screen-tested for twice. I fought for the role. And I'm glad I did, because I felt like I earned it.
It's very tricky to throw a morally flexible character onto the screen and have an audience empathize. It's always an exercise in restraint.
My very worst day on 'Green Lantern' was nowhere near as difficult as my finest day on 'Buried.'
I think there's escapist moviemaking, and we want to be captivated and taken away. If it's done right, you can craft an incredible film. There have been superhero films that I think are brilliant pieces of art.
A nicely fitted two-button suit is the best thing any guy can have. Guys are lucky: We can wear a suit over and over, just with different shirts and ties.
A well-tailored suit is important - and I don't like wearing belts with mine - it should be tailored to your body.
Marathon running, for me, was the most controlled test of mettle that I could ever think of. It's you against Darwin.
A producer is someone who actually calls the shots. An executive producer is just a guy that eats more food at craft service.
I think everybody involved in a movie thinks about the box office. It's the 'biz' part of showbiz.
Making a mix CD - albeit slightly old school - is generally a pretty cool gift and something I like to receive, or giving someone a book that moved you. Writing an inscription inside makes it even better.
I'm pretty good at surprising friends and family with gifts. I tend to go towards the more sentimental side of giving.
