Canadian,Journalist
The human race is facing all kinds of problems, and all we are doing is pointing fingers and saying, 'Your interpretation of the problem is different from my interpretations of the problem.'
The greatest propaganda coup of the American Right has been to convince its citizens that we are in the grip of a liberal conspiracy.
I want to go to the Maldives before they sink, but just because it's the most beautiful place on earth.
American media has just become talk radio, incredibly partisan name-calling and op-eds.
There are only two companies in the world that can help me. That's Facebook and Google, because they are going to make me the largest digital network in the world, which is my goal.
I came to America from Canada because Canada is stultifyingly boring and incredibly hypocritical.
Advertisers realize that Gen Y is the largest purchasing cohort. Also, that you're going to have to accept some different modes of thinking if you're going to get to them.
Everyone is trying to say, 'This is Gen Y; we're not an old company. We're not doing old content.'
Gen Y consume most of their media online and mobile. Gen Y, as the Baby Boomers drop off, are the largest cohort with the largest amount of money - despite the fact that half of them are unemployed.
My last passport, I had North Korea, Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Sudan, Liberia, Guinea... I had, like, every war-torn country in there.
When you're 18, 19, you want to live fast and leave a beautiful corpse behind.
Whenever I view success, I'm dressed as Mozart on an island.
I want to be like Tom Freston. Tom just flies around everywhere, gets to make movies, gets to start TV shows, hang out with cool people and do whatever he wants.
If you're coming from America to Iraq, then how are you supposed to be objective? I mean, you could pay lip service to being objective, but how are you going to objective when you're embedded with the Marines? The Marines are saving your life every day and they're protecting you.
I don't care if I die - look, I'm old - but you want your kids to have good times and a good life.
If you look not just at the Arab Spring, but at what I call the 'Youth Spring' that has started in Europe, young people are starting to find a voice, and they are not looking to the traditional media to reflect that.
I thought I was a pretty good writer, but I didn't have anything to write about. I wanted to go out in the world, have some adventures and then write about them.
Once you have a certain amount of money, it ceases to be an issue. I'd rather put my cultural imprint on the fabric of life. After money, all you want is immortality.
All I know is that when I go somewhere, I'm not an autobot. I am a human being. I am not an actor.
It's our job to get into the hardest-to-see places and bring back the best footage - we have the best footage of North Korea ever shot. If that's a stunt, then I'll keep on doing stunts until I die.
People think because 'Vice' is irreverent and because we're crazy, we're stunt journalists. You know what? I don't actually care.
The best piece of advice I ever got from anyone was when Spike Jonze said, 'Take money out of the equation.' And that's actually when Vice started making lots of money. That's when I stopped worrying about money and started worrying about what I wanted to do.
I think if you look at the failure of journalism in the modern age, then I don't want to be called a journalist.
I want to build the next CNN with 'VICE' - it's within my grasp.
I think the biggest issue for legacy media - both TV and film - is that it just costs too much money to develop a TV series or movie. And most of them don't work. Then the one that works has to pay for the rest.
You have a lot of companies developing stuff that's just derivative. If 'The Voice' is the No. 1 show on TV, they say, 'Let's do 100 different versions of 'The Voice.' The problem is, by the time you get to market, it's already saturated, and everybody hates the format.
