Canadian,Musician
I work so hard to make that sure I'm successful. If you're positive and really excited and enthusiastic about what you're doing, it's going to happen, and it's going to happen big time.
I'm not the best singer in the world; I'm just good at picking up what I want to sound like.
No matter what, I'm trying to have fun and, depending on the mood, fun can be on a roller coaster and playing onstage, or fun can be sitting in a room with three of your best friends talking for two hours.
There's nothing that scares me more than, like, being in the ocean by myself.
It's extremely important just to keep things positive and happy as much as we can... I think it's important that singers, actors, or whatever use our voice to spread positive messages as much as we possibly can.
There are times when I'm super-overwhelmed, and everything feels like it's hitting me in the face at once, but I think what's keeping me calm, and who I am by staying true to myself, is my whole family being so supportive and keeping me grounded. They treat me the exact same way they treated me years and years ago.
People made fun of my skinny legs.
I'm always upset about not doing things as good as I think I could have because I care.
I'm all over the place with muffins. Carrots are great. Banana, chocolate chip, they rock, too.
Someone was like, 'If you wanna be a celebrity, know that every girl you talk to is going to be your girlfriend.' And I was like, 'Fine. I accept that for getting to do what I love for the rest of my life.'
You have to be careful not to make music something you don't want to do. Which happens. I've gotten off the road and been like, 'I hate it. I hate singing, I hate playing guitar.' Six days later, I'm in my bedroom singing at the top of my lungs because I love it so much.
Just the fact that a thousand people in front of me were ready to hear me sing was one of the best feelings I can think of.
I'm proud to say I'm a role model for kids.
I think when you have raw emotion in a song, it makes it great.
It's hard for me to just say, 'Wow, this is amazing - I'm famous. I'm living the dream.' I sit there and think, 'I'm scared - this can go away tomorrow.' My dad always says that I'm a tortured soul because I'm never pleased; I never feel like I deserve what I've achieved.
I feel pressure because I feel like I have a lot of parents in my life; I have a lot of people who are scared that I'm going to do something wrong.
Being a sex symbol isn't cool unless you're in love with a girl, and she calls you a sex symbol.
I like dancers. I have a thing for girls who dance.
I carry around this little lion named Leo, which I've had for as long as I can remember.
Ed Sheeran wrote his songs, so I wanted to write my own songs.
I'd rather sleep on the bus than in the hotel because I sleep way better on tour buses.
From 15 to 18, everybody is a different person. Every six months, I have a whole new outlook on life.
I haven't really found the right person. That sounds like an older person thing to say, but I'm too busy and - not in a bad way - don't want to waste my time.
I'm a very spontaneous person. When I see something that might be fun or different, I will try it.
If I don't have cereal on the bus, I'm going to be really upset.
I have a thing where if I'm not in control, I feel the whole world is about to collapse.
I work out every day.
I was super-obsessed with cover videos. When I was, like, 10, I would come home from school and watch them from 4 o'clock until 8 o'clock every night. I was so intrigued that people took these super-popular songs and did them their own way.
Growing up in a suburban home, the world seems so massive to you. It seems like cities are so big and so far away, and there's so much in them. So your imagination runs wild, instead of when you are born in the middle of Manhattan, you'd know, like, that this is the biggest city.
I really love going back home. I think going back to a nice, relaxed little town is the best way to do it.
There is such a hype and a big build up to me, and it's very hard to meet those expectations. That's been a big stress in my life.
I'm just growing so quickly, so my songs are quickly changing on me. But it's fine. I love them for what they are and what they were, to me.
As soon as I get time, I really wanna dig down and do some acting.
