Canadian,Actor
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality.
Every day on set, there was something to watch and learn.
Our first scene is sort of a reunion between the X-Men characters, which establishes everyone's relationship to one another, sort of like a recap for all those who have forgotten since the last movie.
No designer has really wowed me yet, I'm into other people's recommendations when it comes to fashion.
It doesn't get more iconic than Terry Fox.
Above and beyond having the social life, to have a core group of people that you work with and spend time with and learn how to work with is a nice thing.
Being a villain is great, even though I've only gotten to do it a few times.
There are rumors, rumors, rumors. I'm always the last one to know about these things, literally.
Playing a character who's dealing not only with a superpower but having a normal relationship is easy to associate with, because I feel that everyone has been through it.
I think it's more fun to play a hero with an edge.
My power is the ability to control water molecules and form them into ice.
The genre of fantasy is about magic and occult characters.
As a teenager at high school, I felt like an outsider.
Comic books and The Chronicles of Narnia. My mother used to read those to me and my twin brother growing up.
Getting to play superheros is a pretty good job.
I just got Kill Bill: Vol. 2. I've watched it like eight times in the past two months. I just love the scene at the end between David Carradine and Uma Thurman.
I never could have planned this, and now I'm in my ideal situation career-wise and just sort of where I am in my life, and I'm super happy with how everything's going.
I read the comics long before I was ever involved with the films.
I think Ian McKellen made it all happen, because he used to throw dinner parties and invite everyone over.
I think it is important that you care about the characters, and you are not just waiting for the next action sequence but have a vested interested in what happens to them.
I would love to be able to pursue music as a career but honestly, I'm just not good enough.
I'm 25, so I've already gone through what my character Ged goes through, though it's on a general scale because I haven't studied at a wizard's school.
I'm a video game buff.
Instead of being on teams at school, I was preparing for auditions.
Lord of the Rings is a good thing for us because it opened the door for the genre in general. Le Guin's stories are very different from Lord of the Rings.
So it wasn't actually that bad, it took a couple of weeks to sort of get used to uh, you know, standing around and pretending to have ice shoot out of your hand, but once you got used to that it uh, it was actually not that hard.
