Canadian,Critic
Thank you to all for your prayers and good wishes. It gave me the strength to persevere and warmed my heart.
The gift that has been given to me says much about our capacity for great compassion and generosity, and I hope it sends an inspiring message to others about the importance of organ donation.
I'm immensely grateful for the precious gift my mother has given me. She is my hero today and every day.
J. Lo, whether she is good or bad, is like a fiery movie star, a throwback to Elizabeth Taylor in her heyday.
On the red carpet, I saw all these great stories, and I also got to see the plastic surgery up close.
I was on this bridge overlooking the carpet... I think it went all the way back to Oregon.
I was born with this. It's a hereditary genetic condition. This is something you can go your whole life without really knowing that something's wrong. I had high blood pressure, and that was the first sign.
Courtney Love is a loose cannon. She says what she thinks. She's wild on the red carpet. You get the best sound bites from Courtney Love.
I am a child of Hollywood and dreams. To me, to be on the red carpet is the best place in the world.
I don't hold that everybody has to love fashion. Some people like gardening.
I feel great, the prognosis is excellent.
I used a lot of pancake makeup and a prayer, and a Buddhist chant.
I want everybody who is watching to come to the Academy Awards with us. I'm going to pay for the bus.
I wrote the book in my head when I was 6 years old.
I'll name names, you know I won't hold back.
I'm being invaded by fashion pundits.
I'm just a vessel of information.
I'm not getting paid right now. No pay, no critique.
I'm very grateful to Jennifer Lopez, because I have something to talk about for the last couple of years.
I'm wearing a garbage bag. I was put on my own worst-dressed list.
If you dress like a movie star, you have me.
In the last couple of years, fashion's gotten a lot safer. People are really pulling back.
My phone has been ringing off the hook. I have like 17 cell phones and pagers.
The criteria, for me, is movie star. It's Hollywood. Not Somalia.
We all get swept up in the hype machine. Nobody is immune to that.
We are going to have a huge Oscar issue, you are going to see everything in such beautiful detail.
