Canadian,Actor
And when I go to see plays, I marvel at how people can do that. I've done it all my life, but I still find it mystical.
Being on a television series is sort of life-altering on every level.
I believe that acting in any medium is the same thing, it's discovering the truth in where you are.
I had done some TV movies that were great experiences but, no, I wasn't looking to do a series.
I have no interest in directing. I've no talent for it.
I think from a very young age I always have this desire to perform.
I'm very serious about acting.
If you were to come to the set of Alias, you'd know how silly we all are. And I mean, silly.
My mother couldn't have been happier when I said I was moving to New York.
The hardest thing for me is not to keep laughing. Jennifer particularly is like a clown.
The most sinister aspect of Jack is his detachment, his ability to distance himself from his feelings.
The stage is where I feel most comfortable, and I miss it all the time.
Theatre demands different muscles and different aspects of one's personality.
Then I did one fight scene, and they said it looked good. Because I did it well enough, they've given me more.
When I first read the script a few years ago I thought it was one of the best written scripts I had ever read.
You can only do so much theatre.
You have to find something there that relates to the characters and reality on some level.
I find that everything I do is demanding, like Jack Bristow is a complicated man and I do a lot of explaining in the show, it takes a lot of energy and concentration.
I like the fact that Jack is always wearing a tie except when he's on a mission. I do like it when I get out there and dress up, or dress down, a little bit.
I've been amazed that it's so popular with people. But it's been fantastic. People are very excited when I walk into a place and they recognize me from the series.
In our show you have to pay attention and know what happened before. I think it's very intelligent entertainment. It makes demands of viewers that a lot of shows don't.
It's about these people who are inextricably together for whatever reasons, and they happen to be in the spy world. It's about relationships, and the bottom line is, that's why you care.
It's disgusting that a Broadway show can't try out anymore, that no matter where they are in the world, there is this massive dialogue going on between people damning or praising it.
Sometimes his methods are questionable, and even his morals are questionable, but his intention is always to protect Sydney. So in that way I think he's a good parent.
Sometimes, his methods and his motives are questionable and even his morals are questionable in the way he does things. But I think his intention is always to protect his daughter.
Thank goodness I started getting movie roles and then television shows came along. So I was very fortunate to be able to do all three and I like all of them.
