Author
When you leave a beautiful place, you carry it with you wherever you go.
I'm an interior designer from the soul. It's not about just putting things in a room. It's much deeper and broader. It's about self-discovery.
Being a mother and grandmother is the best of the best in my life. My grandchildren multiply the joy my daughters bring me.
My message is that happiness is the first principle of life. But you must choose it. We all have pain, but suffering is a choice. You can be happier if you make some changes in your life.
We have to establish time boundaries and learn how to say no.
We can raise our sights high when we're willing to break free from being conformists who live a conventional life simply because we are too afraid to express our uniqueness.
The home is the center of your soul; it's a total reflection of your inner life. If you have a dreary home, it means you are dark inside.
Put a picture of yourself as a child in view somewhere, to remind yourself to be playful.
Make your physical surroundings as beautiful as possible.
If we could make our house a home, and then make it a sanctuary, I think we could truly find paradise on Earth.
We can finish a house, but never a home. Once you fall in love with a house, you find continual pleasures in fixing it up and making innovations that satisfy your creature's comforts.
Happiness is the first principle of life. Happiness basically means well-being. It is always good and always a choice... We need to make the choice to be happy in a particular situation, just as it is, and at a given moment.
You can't be a resource for others unless you nourish yourself.
I want to inspire through example. I hope my books motivate others to open doors and windows that will help them to embrace their own truth, light and joy.
I feel very strongly we are spiritual beings in a physical body, and we should make our surroundings as beautiful and soulful as possible.
You learn to give up what's not working and surround yourself with things you love - not what's correct or proper.
When I'm the happiest, my desk is not neat. It has lots of pens and the books I love. It gets messy when I'm in the flow. So many houses are so neat.
My mantra is: Let there be happiness in my soul, and let me share it with the world.
I have my clothes made in Hong Kong, but I love Shangai Tang in New York.
When I was little, I got to pick my hair ribbon from my mother's collection that hung over her dressing-table mirror. I have an entire room of ribbons in my New York apartment.
I find it soothing to take something wrinkled and make it smooth. It feels anticipatory. It's what I do before a celebration. And nobody bothers me when I'm ironing.
Each of us must become impassioned, finding meaning and self-fulfillment in our own life's journey.
I like people to really get a feel for the house before they do anything to it.
Don't feel you have to buy something to sit in or at. Buy something you are emotionally attached to and build your design around that. One Matisse cutout poster could provide you with your whole color scheme!
You can sometimes avoid costly mistakes. Paint a corner of the room a certain color to see how the light affects it. Or buy just one yard of an expensive fabric to see how you like it in your room.
A home should be an intimate autobiography of the things that you like. One of the things I'm so keen on expressing is that, if you don't do it for yourself, if you're always seeking affirmation from outside, you'll never have a home. It'll just be a house.
