American,Author
Journalism is what maintains democracy. It's the force for progressive social change.
Fighting means you could lose. Bullying means you can't. A bully wants to beat somebody; he doesn't want to fight somebody.
Building a mechanical device for its appearance is like putting lace on a bowling ball.
All children are born pure egoists. They perceive their needs to the exclusion of all others. Only through socialization do they learn that some forms of gratification must be deferred and others denied.
There is no Constitutional right to prey on others. The Internet is just a piece of technology, like the telephone. Society has the right to modify its uses.
The third person narrator, instead of being omniscient, is like a constantly running surveillance tape.
Journalism is the protection between people and any sort of totalitarian rule. That's why my hero, admittedly a flawed one, is a journalist.
Ask any experienced defense lawyer: the real risks are for an accused person who is innocent. A guilty defendant has many more options available.
Anyone who says, 'Books don't change anything,' or - more commonly - that crime fiction is the wrong genre for promoting social change - should take a closer look.
I think people should be consumers of journalism.
The idea that you're not a writer until you're published is a lie.
A kid in an abusive home has far fewer rights than any POW. There is no Geneva Convention for kids.
No politician is threatened by the child protective constituency, because it does not exist.
If I ever stopped being angry, I couldn't write anymore. How could I?
Crime takes the pulse of a culture. It tells us the truth about us as a species.
Ours is a country where anything can be accomplished if enough people get angry... because, in America, we act on our collective anger.
My stuff isn't for everyone.
While early childhood experiences may impel, they do not compel. In the end, evil is a matter of choice.
My life is triage.
I don't take advances for my books.
I don't sign contracts for my books.
I'm in pursuit of what cannot be achieved: perfection.
People are pushing against the fabric of society all the time.
We don't protect our young, and we tolerate predators of our own species.
Victimizers of children are the enemies of any so-called society.
I don't understand people whose gratification is a BMW. You don't know what joy is until you see a kid who was tortured get adopted by a family.
