American,Author
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does.
High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead.
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
The bicycle, the bicycle surely, should always be the vehicle of novelists and poets.
There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen.
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention.
We've had bad luck with our kids - they've all grown up.
The trouble with wedlock is that there's not enough wed and too much lock.
Only the sinner has the right to preach.
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
A human being: an ingenious assembly of portable plumbing.
From now until the end of time no one else will ever see life with my eyes, and I mean to make the best of my chance.
Why do they put the Gideon bibles only in the bedrooms, where it's usually too late?
Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, every day, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be silly enough to do. It is bad for the mind to continually be part of unanimity.
Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not; and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs.
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty.
If we discovered that we only had five minutes left to say all that we wanted to say, every telephone booth would be occupied by people calling other people to stammer that they loved them.
All cities are mad: but the madness is gallant. All cities are beautiful: but the beauty is grim.
When you sell a man a book, you don't sell him 12 ounces of paper and ink and glue - you sell him a whole new life.
It is unfair to blame man too fiercely for being pugnacious; he learned the habit from Nature.
The misfortunes hardest to bear are these which never came.
