American,Author
I think most people agree there is a component of skill in art making; you have to learn grammar before you learn how to write.
At first, I see pictures of a story in my mind. Then creating the story comes from asking questions of myself. I guess you might call it the 'what if - what then' approach to writing and illustration.
I'm not a perfectionist. I'm just very observant.
The crudest thing I've done as a teacher was to require students to write a national anthem for their country and sing it themselves.
Peter Rabbit's not a rabbit. Peter Rabbit is a proxy for the child who reads the book, and they imagine themselves in the rabbit's position.
The idea of the extraordinary happening in the context of the ordinary is what's fascinating to me.
I love the idea of a tiny window between the back stoop and the pantry, where the milkman would pass through the cheese. But of course, there is no milkman anymore. So somebody coming by the house and seeing the window would say, 'Oh, that must be original, because that's where the milkman passed the cheese through to the pantry.'
If I'm not working on something, I'm eager to work on something because it's so gratifying.
As much as I'd like to meet the tooth fairy on an evening walk, I don't really believe it can happen.
Following my muse has worked out pretty well so far. I can't see any reason to change the formula now.
I write for what's left of the eight-year-old still rattling around inside my head.
Santa is our culture's only mythic figure truly believed in by a large percentage of the population. It's a fact that most of the true believers are under eight years old, and that's a pity.
Some artists claim praise is irrelevant in measuring the success of art, but I think it's quite relevant. Besides, it makes me feel great.
The Dick, Jane, and Spot primers have gone to that bookshelf in the sky. I have, in some ways, a tender feeling toward them, so I think it's for the best.
The opportunity to create a small world between two pieces of cardboard, where time exists yet stands still, where people talk and I tell them what to say, is exciting and rewarding.
The Polar Express is about faith, and the power of imagination to sustain faith. It's also about the desire to reside in a world where magic can happen, the kind of world we all believed in as children, but one that disappears as we grow older.
There was a great deal of peer recognition to be gained in elementary school by being able to draw well. One girl could draw horses so well, she was looked upon as a kind of sorceress.
I don't like to travel. Yet all my books seem to involve a journey.
The general effect of viewing 'Jumanji' is thrilling. I was able to see on film a thing that at one point had only existed in my imagination. I got to see the images from my book come alive.
I'm always a bit disappointed when I've finished working on a book.
I am never really surprised at the way my books take shape. They are just not as perfect as I'd like them to be.
I believe that there will be many things that happen to me in my life that I will not be able to explain. Some of those might be magic. I'm not sure.
I was about 28-29 when I wrote my first story, and that was called 'The Garden of Abdul Gasazi.'
Brainstorming, for me, takes place in my bed at night between the time I turn out my lights and I finally fall asleep. It is not a very violent storm, but what's happening is I am just thinking about different ideas and maybe things I've seen that day that I think might make a good story.
Authors of books are not given very much control over the films that are made from their books.
It was the case for a number of years that I was doing a book a year, but that was back when I was part-time teaching - and since 1991, I've been a parent, so that cuts into the time!
I think, for the most part, our culture embraces that artists are born, not made.
I try to satisfy the desires that people have to have their books personalized. That's a value, or feature, of bibliophilia that may vanish. How do you get your e-book signed? The idea of people standing in line to get my signature in their book, it's hard to turn them away.
I sculpted for four or five years. Mostly for my own amusement, I decided to do a picture book, and that was kind of a turning point.
My ideas are not meant to suggest dreams or reality, but a surreal quality.
I'm not surprised that my books appeal to adults.
It's not in the interest of the artist to think of his market.
What kids are exposed to on television is more frightening and horrifying than what they see in my books.
