American,Author
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.
Faith means living with uncertainty - feeling your way through life, letting your heart guide you like a lantern in the dark.
You don't just have a story - you're a story in the making, and you never know what the next chapter's going to be. That's what makes it exciting.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body.
Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving.
I have an almost religious zeal... not for technology per se, but for the Internet which is for me, the nervous system of mother Earth, which I see as a living creature, linking up.
Life is constantly supporting us and giving us gifts. It's a matter of opening ourselves to that.
Saints were saints because they acted with loving kindness whether they felt like it or not.
Yes, I did shatter my leg, and it really changed my life, in a way. It wasn't much fun, but it did open me up, and as we all know intuitively, adversity can develop resources.
We all have the archetype inside us of the enlightened being.
Act happy, feel happy, be happy, without a reason in the world. Then you can love, and do what you will.
We're immersed in the spirit of God all the time. We just don't notice.
There are no ordinary moments.
Unless someone truly has the power to say no, they never truly have the power to say yes.
I was a world champion on the trampoline at an international level, and gymnastics competitor.
There are times, you know, it's said in the Spiritual Tradition, just a glimpse at an enlightened personage can convey immense information at the sub-conscious level that sprouts later, that we don't even know.
I kind of got more interested in writing after I turned in my last college essay and nobody was going to tell me what kind of academic papers to write anymore. I could write whatever I wanted, and I realized that I actually liked it when I could choose what I would write.
