American,Author
Smart phones and social media expand our universe. We can connect with others or collect information easier and faster than ever.
If your emotional abilities aren't in hand, if you don't have self-awareness, if you are not able to manage your distressing emotions, if you can't have empathy and have effective relationships, then no matter how smart you are, you are not going to get very far.
True compassion means not only feeling another's pain but also being moved to help relieve it.
A prerequisite to empathy is simply paying attention to the person in pain.
One way to boost our will power and focus is to manage our distractions instead of letting them manage us.
There is zero correlation between IQ and emotional empathy... They're controlled by different parts of the brain.
Teachers need to be comfortable talking about feelings. This is part of teaching emotional literacy - a set of skills we can all develop, including the ability to read, understand, and respond appropriately to one's own emotions and the emotions of others.
Empathy and social skills are social intelligence, the interpersonal part of emotional intelligence. That's why they look alike.
The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain.
My hope was that organizations would start including this range of skills in their training programs - in other words, offer an adult education in social and emotional intelligence.
When I say manage emotions, I only mean the really distressing, incapacitating emotions. Feeling emotions is what makes life rich. You need your passions.
In a high-IQ job pool, soft skills like discipline, drive and empathy mark those who emerge as outstanding.
Emotional 'literacy' implies an expanded responsibility for schools in helping to socialize children. This daunting task requires two major changes: that teachers go beyond their traditional mission and that people in the community become more involved with schools as both active participants in children's learning and as individual mentors.
The other thing is that if you rely solely on medication to manage depression or anxiety, for example, you have done nothing to train the mind, so that when you come off the medication, you are just as vulnerable to a relapse as though you had never taken the medication.
Emotional intelligence begins to develop in the earliest years. All the small exchanges children have with their parents, teachers, and with each other carry emotional messages.
The more socially intelligent you are, the happier and more robust and more enjoyable your relationships will be.
We need to re-create boundaries. When you carry a digital gadget that creates a virtual link to the office, you need to create a virtual boundary that didn't exist before.
The social brain is in its natural habitat when we're talking with someone face-to-face in real time.
Well, any effort to maximize your potential and ability is a good thing.
If you are doing mindfulness meditation, you are doing it with your ability to attend to the moment.
If you do a practice and train your attention to hover in the present, then you will build the internal capacity to do that as needed - at will and voluntarily.
I don't think focus is in itself ever a bad thing. But focus of the wrong kind, or managed poorly, can be.
Whenever we feel stressed out, that's a signal that our brain is pumping out stress hormones. If sustained over months and years, those hormones can ruin our health and make us a nervous wreck.
As a freshman in college, I was having a lot of trouble adjusting. I took a meditation class to handle anxiety. It really helped. Then as a grad student at Harvard, I was awarded a pre-doctoral traveling fellowship to India, where my focus was on the ancient systems of psychology and meditation practices of Asia.
Scheduling down time as part of your routine is hard but worth it, personally, even professionally.
But once you are in that field, emotional intelligence emerges as a much stronger predictor of who will be most successful, because it is how we handle ourselves in our relationships that determines how well we do once we are in a given job.
The basic premise that children must learn about emotions is that all feelings are okay to have; however, only some reactions are okay.
We're exposed and carry in our bodies multiple chemicals, and we have to understand how they interact. Both how they individually interact and the thousands of effects they can produce when they interact with the receptors that run our bodies.
Every morning, I go off to a small studio behind my house to write. I try to ignore all email and phone calls until lunchtime. Then I launch into the sometimes frantic busy-ness of a tightly scheduled day.
