American,Author
I became a conservative for the first dozen years of my professional life in Berkeley, Calif., and it was a reaction against political correctness, so I get it.
I think the Democratic Party has to learn how to be a party of opposition.
Republicans tend to be more steadfast in their allegiance, and Democrats read one headline in the 'New York Times,' and the sky is suddenly falling.
Criticizing Fox News has nothing to do with criticizing the press. Fox News is not a news organization. It is the de facto leader of the GOP, and it is long past time that it is treated as such by the media, elected officials and the public.
Certainly going back to 2008 during the primary, Secretary Clinton was subjected to various forms of sexism - overt, subtle - that were detrimental. Fortunately, Senator Obama was not subjected to something similar; the culture seemed to tolerate sexism and not racism. We ought not tolerate either.
I've been interested in watching the level of conservative misinformation that circulates through the media.
It's all a sham: I have seen, and I know firsthand, indeed from my own pen, how the organized Right has sabotaged not only journalism but also democracy and truth.
Eventually the story would spill over into the regular media.
You get to a point where the factual adjudication doesn't matter because there are all these other outlets that are far less responsible, all talking about the ad, some of which have a political reason for promoting it.
The truth is that the more responsible the media outlet, the more responsive they are to constructive criticism.
I didn't wake up one day and say, you know, 'Supply-side economics doesn't make sense.'
I'm an incredibly hard worker, I'm incredibly tenacious, and I'm incredibly detail-oriented.
I'm kind of a builder of institutions. I think I've got some ability to look at what's out here, look at a playing field, and identify gaps and niches.
There's every financial incentive in the world to stay in the conservative movement forever.
Editors of conservative magazines aren't out trying to raise money. The money is there; the cash reserves are in the bank.
During the '90s the flow of misinformation was established.
The right can distort anything it wants.
I'm a former, living, breathing, right-wing conspirator.
When I wrote the Anita Hill book I believed everything I wrote was accurate.
It's very important to understand that the 'Talk' piece was not an excerpt, it was an adaptation, which means I compressed different parts of the book and made a new piece.
I was a bad journalist.
I think the Republicans are trying to learn from their mistakes about attacks on women because the women's vote will backfire.
I don't think the candidate would be directly responsible for things that their supporters say, but when it gets to a certain level, they ought to say, 'Cut it out.'
All of these attacks on Secretary Clinton, at the end of the day, are character attacks.
Fox prefers to focus on people who are doing bad - especially if they're Democrats, or environmentalists.
Donald Trump intimidated the press and bullied the press.
If you want to keep the relationships you have, it's best not to talk about them.
I have conservative relatives. I maintain some relationships with some conservatives going back to the 1990s... Not in any meaningful way.
Progressive politics in America is an organizational disaster.
The Trump administration is shaping up to be one of the most corrupt since the Gilded Age.
I was one of the most visible and vocal advocates of Secretary Hillary Clinton.
Trump's rise to power, fueled by hatred and portending crisis, threatens to eviscerate our constitutional system of government.
Our nation marches closer to Trumpism each day, a path paved with reckless Tweets and the normalization of the ugly and the absurd.
We who reject Trump's bankrupt leadership must heal old wounds, reorient ourselves, and embrace common goals. And if there is one thing on which we can all agree, it's this: we cannot concede any ground.
Trump's opinions on the Iraq War have been as erratic as his opinions on other foreign policy matters - such as his careless position to think more countries should acquire nuclear weapons.
It is an outrage that Donald Trump can swear and scream on national television and no one says boo about how he presents himself.
Ignorance can be improved; willful ignorance and inaction is inexcusable.
Republican presidential debates have become contests of who can terrify viewers the most.
Bill Clinton's legacy on job creation should be assailed by none and admired by every presidential candidate who hopes to do the same.
The Right has been trying to take down Bill Clinton for 20 years. I know; I was there.
Writing at the 'American Spectator' in the 1990s, we threw everything we thought would stick at President Clinton.
Charles and David Koch, two billionaire brothers, have been funding the infrastructure behind the Republican Party's right-ward shift since at least 1980.
It turns out that the Republican Party is not a hero to anyone but the racist, xenophobic caricature of a candidate that is Donald Trump.
When a political advocacy network hires a former CIA analyst and starts tailing save-our-parks activists, you know there's something terribly dangerous happening to our democracy.
When you imagine the Koch brothers, it's hard not to think of the 1983 film 'Trading Places,' which featured as its villains a pair of brothers, commodity brokers named Randolph and Mortimer Duke.
When most people find themselves running afoul of the law, they might change their ways. When the Koch brothers found themselves running afoul of the law, David Koch decided to run for office so that he could change the law.
From 1994 to 1996, I turned over every rock in Little Rock, looking for a silver bullet that would take down the Clintons in time for the 1996 election.
When it comes to Republican debates, fibs and fits come first; facts come last.
The GOP's policies are not designed to help the middle class. They are designed to help their wealthy, powerful friends and donors under the misguided idea that wealth will one day trickle down.
It's important to know where candidates for president are getting their ideas. Where do these ideas come from, who funds them and who is shaping our political discussion? These are all questions that are important to a healthy democracy.
You have to create public activist pressure on papers like the 'New York Times' to keep them accountable.
