American,Author
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.
Like all of us in this storm between birth and death, I can wreak no great changes on the world, only small changes for the better, I hope, in the lives of those I love.
Sometimes there is no darker place than our thoughts, the moonless midnight of the mind.
If something in your writing gives support to people in their lives, that's more than just entertainment-which is what we writers all struggle to do, to touch people.
Some days I'm lucky to squeeze out a page of copy that pleases me, but I get as many as six or seven pages on a very good day; the average is probably three pages.
A fanatic is a nut who has something to believe in.
When tempest tossed, embrace chaos.
Writing a novel is like making love, but it's also like having a tooth pulled. Pleasure and pain. Sometimes it's like making love while having a tooth pulled.
If you have to pay the bills, and you write something you're not proud of, use a pen-name for that.
I don't find slashing and blood flying everywhere to be scary. I just find it repulsive.
Nothing gives us courage more readily than the desire to avoid looking like a damn fool.
The hands of every clock are shears, trimming us away scrap by scrap, and every time piece with a digital readout blinks us towards implosion.
I think the world is full of evil people. I think in some ways we're in more danger now than before.
Human beings can always be relied upon to exert, with vigor, their God-given right to be stupid.
Readers will stay with an author, no matter what the variations in style and genre, as long as they get that sense of story, of character, of empathetic involvement.
If you want to publish two books a year under your own name and your publisher doesn't, maybe you need a different publisher.
Never, never try to scope the market.
We are coming out of a century that was taught that one way of looking at the world, that one form of behavior, is as valid as another. The idea of true evil has been blown away.
Civilization rests on the fact that most people do the right thing most of the time.
Vladimir Nabokov said the two great evils of the 20th century were Marx and Freud. He was absolutely correct.
What we do as a society is seek simple answers.
There's sometimes a weird benefit to having an alcoholic, violent father. He really motivated me in that I never wanted to be anything like him.
I think it's perfectly just to refuse service to anyone based on behavior, but not based on race or religion.
Because people see violence on the movie screen, they're not going to go out and hold up a liquor store and kill somebody. It really doesn't correlate.
In my books, I never portray violence as a reasonable solution to a problem. If the lead characters in the story are driven to it, it's at the extreme end of their experience.
I have to admit that when I watch a movie in which there is no moral context for the violence - I find that offensive. I think that's potentially damaging to society.
I don't write a quick draft and then revise; instead, I work slowly page by page, revising and polishing.
Although charismatic, James Dean is no Harrison Ford. In the majority of his movies, sooner or later he got the crap beaten out of him.
