British,Author
I love you - I am at rest with you - I have come home.
I always have a quotation for everything - it saves original thinking.
The great advantage about telling the truth is that nobody ever believes it.
The English language has a deceptive air of simplicity; so have some little frocks; but they are both not the kind of thing you can run up in half an hour with a machine.
Time and trouble will tame an advanced young woman, but an advanced old woman is uncontrollable by any earthly force.
She always says, my lord, that facts are like cows. If you look them in the face hard enough they generally run away.
Lawyers enjoy a little mystery, you know. Why, if everybody came forward and told the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth straight out, we should all retire to the workhouse.
Death seems to provide the minds of the Anglo-Saxon race with a greater fund of amusement than any other single subject.
There's nothing you can't prove if your outlook is only sufficiently limited.
None of us feels the true love of God till we realize how wicked we are. But you can't teach people that - they have to learn by experience.
A human being must have occupation, of he or she is not to become a nuisance to the world.
Those who prefer their English sloppy have only themselves to thank if the advertisement writer uses his mastery of the vocabulary and syntax to mislead their weak minds.
As I grow older and older, And totter toward the tomb, I find that I care less and less, Who goes to bed with whom.
While time lasts there will always be a future, and that future will hold both good and evil, since the world is made to that mingled pattern.
Trouble shared is trouble halved.
The only sin passion can commit is to be joyless.
Every time a man expects, as he says, his money to work for him, he is expecting other people to work for him.
If it were not for the war, this war would suit me down to the ground.
Very dangerous things, theories.
Those who make some other person their job... are dangerous.
A continual atmosphere of hectic passion is very trying if you haven't got any of your own.
Paradoxical as it may seem, to believe in youth is to look backward; to look forward we must believe in age.
There certainly does seem a possibility that the detective story will come to an end, simply because the public will have learnt all the tricks.
