American,Author
While we would love to have no criticism, probably if we had no critique, we wouldn't be doing anything meaningful.
How many people just get up on Monday and do the same thing they've done every single Monday - go to work and just turn on route automatic and no longer have any meaning in their life?
There are few things more powerful than a life lived with passionate clarity.
One trend I see is the rejection of growth for self-discovery and the pursuit of authentic community. So we keep whittling our spiritual community to a smaller and smaller and more exclusive inner circle. The problem is if the diagnoses are wrong, so will be the cure.
I realize that I live on the bubble of insanity. I feel the weight of human suffering, loneliness and despair on me all the time. It's not getting easier; if anything, it's always right on the edge of my skin.
The Bible is not an antiquated text. The scriptures are the text that will lead us into the future.
My primary assessment would be because American Christians tend to be incredibly self-indulgent, so they see the church as a place there for them to meet their needs and to express faith in a way that is meaningful for them.
So much of what comes out of the faith community seems so dour and somber, and we want to say, 'Hey, we're real people. You can be a person of faith and really enjoy life and laugh.'
The reality is that every human being is placed on this planet, and one of the things that drives humans is their need for meaning, and if you can make every job meaningful, then you will guarantee that every job will be done to its highest level of excellence.
I have so much confidence in the reality of Jesus that I feel no pressure to try to make people act or be a certain way. I'm banking everything on the fact that God actually changes people.
I have an incredible confidence in the resilience of the human spirit and the creative ability of the Holy Spirit. So, if you can get people asking the right questions, it really will start moving in the right direction.
If we keep asking the wrong questions, we are just going to get better wrong answers. The solution to lack of community isn't to give up on the community.
Our job is not to change people; our job is to connect people to Jesus, and it's Jesus' job to change people.
Often we talk about God's ability to change lives without fully understanding how to access that power.
I think Christianity is the same as Buddhism and Hinduism - whenever a religion begins to say that these are the things you have to do to be loved by God, you have a religion.
There is something powerful about singing to God as an act of worship, but it is time to reframe our perspective and our language to genuinely encompass all of life as worship.
I think we are all trying to figure out what it means to be the Church as opposed to just doing church.
I love what Monet, Picasso, Van Gogh and Jesus all said - that love is really the driving principle of the creative act. In fact, they would say that great art is always inspired by love.
God has leveraged the human spirit to move in His direction, and all the material we need to bring a person to the realization that they were created by God actually already exists inside that person.
We need to understand that Christianity is about changing; it is not about a religion.
You can plant a church and grow a church. That's not that hard to do, but it's harder to be a viable source of transformation in a city or your time or space.
Religion as a whole specializes in sin management. It's all about organizing humanity in such a way that we cause as little damage as possible.
When we look at history, we see history is made up of the heroes of their times. Yet, somehow we miss this when we put on the lens of the Scriptures.
It is the creative and enterprising spirit of people that is indispensable. Everything else is supplemental.
Wherever and whenever God is moving in a new and fresh way, there emerges a new song!
Los Angeles has been known as the center of creativity but has often been equally known for the absence of spirituality.
One of the things you'll discover... as you listen to your own soul is that you spend a great amount of your life trying to bring meaning to your own life. And, by the way, most people are not going to church, so the place they're actually trying to find meaning in their life is at work.
We want to help everyone find meaning in their life and help translate the story that each person actually matters in the world.
