American,Author
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.
Without a struggle, there can be no progress.
It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake.
To suppress free speech is a double wrong. It violates the rights of the hearer as well as those of the speaker.
The white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery.
The life of the nation is secure only while the nation is honest, truthful, and virtuous.
The thing worse than rebellion is the thing that causes rebellion.
Man's greatness consists in his ability to do and the proper application of his powers to things needed to be done.
Everybody has asked the question, and they learned to ask it early of the abolitionists, 'What shall we do with the Negro?' I have had but one answer from the beginning. Do nothing with us! Your doing with us has already played the mischief with us.
A battle lost or won is easily described, understood, and appreciated, but the moral growth of a great nation requires reflection, as well as observation, to appreciate it.
I didn't know I was a slave until I found out I couldn't do the things I wanted.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs.
The soul that is within me no man can degrade.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work.
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get.
A little learning, indeed, may be a dangerous thing, but the want of learning is a calamity to any people.
At a time like this, scorching irony, not convincing argument, is needed.
America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future.
The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
Find out just what any people will quietly submit to and you have the exact measure of the injustice and wrong which will be imposed on them.
