British,Author
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
Political language... is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
Each generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.
Nationalism is power hunger tempered by self-deception.
Big Brother is watching you.
People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.
Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness.
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.
But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.
The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting.
Good writing is like a windowpane.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac.
All political thinking for years past has been vitiated in the same way. People can foresee the future only when it coincides with their own wishes, and the most grossly obvious facts can be ignored when they are unwelcome.
We may find in the long run that tinned food is a deadlier weapon than the machine-gun.
Oceania was at war with Eurasia; therefore Oceania had always been at war with Eurasia.
No advance in wealth, no softening of manners, no reform or revolution has ever brought human equality a millimeter nearer.
Whoever is winning at the moment will always seem to be invincible.
Progress is not an illusion, it happens, but it is slow and invariably disappointing.
Those who 'abjure' violence can do so only because others are committing violence on their behalf.
In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.
Early in life I had noticed that no event is ever correctly reported in a newspaper.
Probably the battle of Waterloo was won on the playing-fields of Eton, but the opening battles of all subsequent wars have been lost there.
Many people genuinely do not want to be saints, and it is probable that some who achieve or aspire to sainthood have never felt much temptation to be human beings.
I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment.
The atom bombs are piling up in the factories, the police are prowling through the cities, the lies are streaming from the loudspeakers, but the earth is still going round the sun.
No one can look back on his schooldays and say with truth that they were altogether unhappy.
If you have embraced a creed which appears to be free from the ordinary dirtiness of politics - a creed from which you yourself cannot expect to draw any material advantage - surely that proves that you are in the right?
A tragic situation exists precisely when virtue does not triumph but when it is still felt that man is nobler than the forces which destroy him.
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
Whatever is funny is subversive, every joke is ultimately a custard pie... a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion.
To an ordinary human being, love means nothing if it does not mean loving some people more than others.
Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism.
War is evil, but it is often the lesser evil.
At fifty everyone has the face he deserves.
Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility.
Joyce is a poet and also an elephantine pedant.
To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself.
A family with the wrong members in control; that, perhaps, is as near as one can come to describing England in a phrase.
When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic.
Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a child's eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below.
There is hardly such a thing as a war in which it makes no difference who wins. Nearly always one side stands more or less for progress, the other side more or less for reaction.
For a creative writer possession of the 'truth' is less important than emotional sincerity.
As I write, highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me.
Not to expose your true feelings to an adult seems to be instinctive from the age of seven or eight onwards.
The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labor.
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm.
Language ought to be the joint creation of poets and manual workers.
One cannot really be a Catholic and grown up.
The intellectual is different from the ordinary man, but only in certain sections of his personality, and even then not all the time.
It is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane.
War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it.
To walk through the ruined cities of Germany is to feel an actual doubt about the continuity of civilization.
War is war. The only good human being is a dead one.
We of the sinking middle class may sink without further struggles into the working class where we belong, and probably when we get there it will not be so dreadful as we feared, for, after all, we have nothing to lose.
A dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion.
Serious sport is war minus the shooting.
One can love a child, perhaps, more deeply than one can love another adult, but it is rash to assume that the child feels any love in return.
The Catholic and the Communist are alike in assuming that an opponent cannot be both honest and intelligent.
War is a way of shattering to pieces... materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable and... too intelligent.
Prolonged, indiscriminate reviewing of books is a quite exceptionally thankless, irritating and exhausting job. It not only involves praising trash but constantly inventing reactions towards books about which one has no spontaneous feeling whatever.
The atmosphere of orthodoxy is always damaging to prose, and above all it is completely ruinous to the novel, the most anarchical of all forms of literature.
