Israeli,Author
Ever since viewing screens entered the home, many observers have worried that they put our brains into a stupor. An early strain of research claimed that when we watch television, our brains mostly exhibit slow alpha waves - indicating a low level of arousal, similar to when we are daydreaming.
Pop culture is like our subconscious.
Men need marriage more than women do. In fact, they need it to survive.
Evolutionary psychology tells us that men, especially powerful men, feel invincible and entitled to spread their seed, and that women can't resist the scent of masculine power. Women, by contrast, are said to be more altruistic and collaborative, seeking power so that they can share it with others.
The average American worker gets something like 14 days of paid vacation. In my school, you'd use up ten of those taking care of your kids on teacher professional days, then tack on a couple more for kids getting sick.
Yes, the upper reaches of society are still dominated by men.
There is no 'natural' order, only the way things are.
I grew up with a pretty tough mom. She was a self-appointed neighborhood watchdog, and if she saw that any of the local boys were up to no good, she would scold them on the spot. Although she is only 5 feet 2, she was famous in our neighborhood for intimidating men three times her size and getting them to do the right thing.
For nearly as long as civilization has existed, patriarchy - enforced through the rights of the firstborn son - has been the organizing principle, with few exceptions.
NASA projects often have romantic names that link into a long history of exploration and adventure: Atlantis and Discovery, for example.
With the Jews, the questions are always open; we're always questioning. I love that questioning tradition.
Most days I struggle just to be accepted into the camp of plain old feminists. This is mainly because I am not by nature ideological and generally suspicious of people who are.
Fixing things around the house was the last bastion of manliness. But now, even that is getting taken away. As women become more economically independent, they are starting to fix things around the house for themselves.
If men can quilt and take over the kitchen, then women can pick up a wrench and fix a leaky pipe.
The modern economy is becoming a place where women hold the cards.
Women are choosing to stay single rather than marry men who can't step up and provide.
Women don't give up things. They don't give up responsibilities. They add new things. They exhaust themselves and still don't give anything up. And. And. And. And. And they do all these other things at the same time, which can be exhausting.
Women are just much better at getting degrees than men. It seems that school at every level plays to the natural strengths of women more than it does to men.
Women have taken on traditionally masculine roles and professions, and there is no real equivalent for men. Men are still extremely reluctant, as we all are reluctant to see them, take on traditionally feminine roles or professions. That is just not something that they do easily.
Men and women are equally intelligent, but separate factors, such as the abilities to focus, be collaborative and take other people's views into account, allow you to be successful.
Blog culture has a hard time digesting narratives, but it has an easy time digesting 'big ideas' pieces.
You need to prepare the child you have for the world that exists.
Women had a rights movement where they fought for changes. Men... don't band together in quite that way. It happens not in such a public-cascade way as in a house-to-house way.
I could do a franchise for the end of everything. 'The End of Dogs,' 'The End of Cats.'
Attachment parenting demands not just certain actions you take with your baby but also certain emotional states to accompany those actions.
Maybe there's something about the outsiderness of being Jewish that makes for a fiery feminist type.
For most of American history, of course, the important religious divides were between denominations - not just between Protestants and Catholics and Jews but between Lutherans and Episcopalians and Southern Baptists and the other endlessly fine-tuned sects.
On the one hand, parents want their children to swim expertly in the digital stream that they will have to navigate all their lives; on the other hand, they fear that too much digital media, too early, will sink them.
Previously, young children had to be shown by their parents how to use a mouse or a remote, and the connection between what they were doing with their hand and what was happening on the screen took some time to grasp. But with the iPad, the connection is obvious, even to toddlers.
Every new medium has, within a short time of its introduction, been condemned as a threat to young people. Pulp novels would destroy their morals, TV would wreck their eyesight, video games would make them violent.
Feminism was about making women's lives less constrained and giving them more choices.
One way the Tea Party has benefited female candidates - and the conservative movement generally - is by consciously steering clear of social issues.
The launch of a space shuttle can still make you weep with amazement and wonder, if you happen to be watching it.
Transsexualism is far less common than homosexuality, and the research is in its infancy. Scattered studies have looked at brain activity, finger size, familial recurrence, and birth order.
Studies show that recipients of Section 8 vouchers have tended to choose moderately poor neighborhoods that were already on the decline, not low-poverty neighborhoods.
Where older religions promised heaven, the church of yoga promises quicker, more practical, earthly gratification, in the form of better heart rates and well-toned arms.
