American,Author
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Knowledge is love and light and vision.
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
The highest result of education is tolerance.
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us.
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
What I am looking for is not out there, it is in me.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.
Until the great mass of the people shall be filled with the sense of responsibility for each other's welfare, social justice can never be attained.
The most pathetic person in the world is someone who has sight, but has no vision.
All the world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Instead of comparing our lot with that of those who are more fortunate than we are, we should compare it with the lot of the great majority of our fellow men. It then appears that we are among the privileged.
As selfishness and complaint pervert the mind, so love with its joy clears and sharpens the vision.
Science may have found a cure for most evils; but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all - the apathy of human beings.
There is no king who has not had a slave among his ancestors, and no slave who has not had a king among his.
It is for us to pray not for tasks equal to our powers, but for powers equal to our tasks, to go forward with a great desire forever beating at the door of our hearts as we travel toward our distant goal.
Smell is a potent wizard that transports you across thousands of miles and all the years you have lived.
Many people know so little about what is beyond their short range of experience. They look within themselves - and find nothing! Therefore they conclude that there is nothing outside themselves either.
No matter how dull, or how mean, or how wise a man is, he feels that happiness is his indisputable right.
I can see, and that is why I can be happy, in what you call the dark, but which to me is golden. I can see a God-made world, not a manmade world.
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.
College isn't the place to go for ideas.
My share of the work may be limited, but the fact that it is work makes it precious.
The marvelous richness of human experience would lose something of rewarding joy if there were no limitations to overcome. The hilltop hour would not be half so wonderful if there were no dark valleys to traverse.
The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of tiny pushes of each honest worker.
Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
It is not possible for civilization to flow backwards while there is youth in the world. Youth may be headstrong, but it will advance it allotted length.
Literature is my Utopia. Here I am not disenfranchised. No barrier of the senses shuts me out from the sweet, gracious discourses of my book friends. They talk to me without embarrassment or awkwardness.
Strike against war, for without you no battles can be fought!
