American,Author
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
I am grateful for what I am and have. My thanksgiving is perpetual.
I would rather sit on a pumpkin and have it all to myself, than be crowded on a velvet cushion.
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
Truths and roses have thorns about them.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
Nature will bear the closest inspection. She invites us to lay our eye level with her smallest leaf, and take an insect view of its plain.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
It is better to have your head in the clouds, and know where you are... than to breathe the clearer atmosphere below them, and think that you are in paradise.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
Dreams are the touchstones of our character.
The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.
In human intercourse the tragedy begins, not when there is misunderstanding about words, but when silence is not understood.
Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it.
Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
Why should we be in such desperate haste to succeed, and in such desperate enterprises? If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
We must learn to reawaken and keep ourselves awake, not by mechanical aid, but by an infinite expectation of the dawn.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
While civilization has been improving our houses, it has not equally improved the men who are to inhabit them. It has created palaces, but it was not so easy to create noblemen and kings.
I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.
There is one consolation in being sick; and that is the possibility that you may recover to a better state than you were ever in before.
I am sorry to think that you do not get a man's most effective criticism until you provoke him. Severe truth is expressed with some bitterness.
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.
After the first blush of sin comes its indifference.
I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life, to live so sturdily and Spartanlike as to put to rout all that was not life.
Make the most of your regrets; never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have a separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
Live the life you've dreamed.
The universe is wider than our views of it.
The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.
The light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us. Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.
That man is rich whose pleasures are the cheapest.
To be awake is to be alive.
It is never too late to give up our prejudices.
Justice is sweet and musical; but injustice is harsh and discordant.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
What is once well done is done forever.
Nay, be a Columbus to whole new continents and worlds within you, opening new channels, not of trade, but of thought.
Every day or two, I strolled to the village to hear some of the gossip which is incessantly going on there, circulating either from mouth to mouth, or from newspaper to newspaper, and which, taken in homeopathic doses, was really as refreshing in its way as the rustle of leaves and the peeping of frogs.
Thaw with her gentle persuasion is more powerful than Thor with his hammer. The one melts, the other breaks into pieces.
Generally speaking, a howling wilderness does not howl: it is the imagination of the traveler that does the howling.
Nature is full of genius, full of the divinity; so that not a snowflake escapes its fashioning hand.
Our moments of inspiration are not lost though we have no particular poem to show for them; for those experiences have left an indelible impression, and we are ever and anon reminded of them.
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes and longitudes.
Any fool can make a rule, and any fool will mind it.
Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations.
That government is best which governs least.
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
The squirrel that you kill in jest, dies in earnest.
We are always paid for our suspicion by finding what we suspect.
Simplify, simplify.
Be not simply good - be good for something.
To a philosopher all news, as it is called, is gossip, and they who edit and read it are old women over their tea.
I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains. I do not wish to go below now.
Every man casts a shadow; not his body only, but his imperfectly mingled spirit. This is his grief. Let him turn which way he will, it falls opposite to the sun; short at noon, long at eve. Did you never see it?
Alas! how little does the memory of these human inhabitants enhance the beauty of the landscape!
We are all sculptors and painters, and our material is our own flesh and blood and bones. Any nobleness begins at once to refine a man's features, any meanness or sensuality to imbrute them.
It is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes.
Shall I not have intelligence with the earth? Am I not partly leaves and vegetable mould myself.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.
Men are born to succeed, not to fail.
If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. Men will believe what they see.
To have done anything just for money is to have been truly idle.
If misery loves company, misery has company enough.
I put a piece of paper under my pillow, and when I could not sleep I wrote in the dark.
In wildness is the preservation of the world.
It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know.
It is best to avoid the beginnings of evil.
Books can only reveal us to ourselves, and as often as they do us this service we lay them aside.
As in geology, so in social institutions, we may discover the causes of all past changes in the present invariable order of society.
If it is surely the means to the highest end we know, can any work be humble or disgusting? Will it not rather be elevating as a ladder, the means by which we are translated?
A man's interest in a single bluebird is worth more than a complete but dry list of the fauna and flora of a town.
I have been as sincere a worshipper of Aurora as the Greeks.
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
Men have a respect for scholarship and learning greatly out of proportion to the use they commonly serve.
It is not part of a true culture to tame tigers, any more than it is to make sheep ferocious.
Nature puts no question and answers none which we mortals ask. She has long ago taken her resolution.
The lawyer's truth is not Truth, but consistency or a consistent expediency.
We are eager to tunnel under the Atlantic and bring the Old World some weeks nearer to the New, but perchance the first news that will leak through into the broad, flapping American ear will be that the Princess Adelaide has the whooping cough.
The heart is forever inexperienced.
What is the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?
The Artist is he who detects and applies the law from observation of the works of Genius, whether of man or Nature. The Artisan is he who merely applies the rules which others have detected.
There is no more fatal blunderer than he who consumes the greater part of his life getting his living.
'Tis healthy to be sick sometimes.
There is more of good nature than of good sense at the bottom of most marriages.
I left the woods for as good a reason as I went there. Perhaps it seemed to me that I had several more lives to live and could not spare any more time for that one.
I have always been regretting that I was not as wise as the day I was born.
Old deeds for old people, and new deeds for new.
I say, beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather a new wearer of clothes.
Only that day dawns to which we are awake.
Through our own recovered innocence we discern the innocence of our neighbors.
The fibers of all things have their tension and are strained like the strings of an instrument.
Being is the great explainer.
As for doing good; that is one of the professions which is full. Moreover I have tried it fairly and, strange as it may seem, am satisfied that it does not agree with my constitution.
In my afternoon walk I would fain forget all my morning occupations and my obligations to society.
There are certain pursuits which, if not wholly poetic and true, do at least suggest a nobler and finer relation to nature than we know. The keeping of bees, for instance.
The law will never make a man free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
It is remarkable how closely the history of the apple tree is connected with that of man.
I have thought there was some advantage even in death, by which we mingle with the herd of common men.
In the long run, men hit only what they aim at. Therefore, they had better aim at something high.
May we so love as never to have occasion to repent of our love!
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them at all.
Nothing goes by luck in composition. It allows of no tricks. The best you can write will be the best you are.
Faith keeps many doubts in her pay. If I could not doubt, I should not believe.
There is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted.
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
I often visited a particular plant four or five miles distant, half a dozen times within a fortnight, that I might know exactly when it opened.
So thoroughly and sincerely are we compelled to live, reverencing our life, and denying the possibility of change. This is the only way, we say; but there are as many ways as there can be drawn radii from one centre. All change is a miracle to contemplate; but it is a miracle which is taking place every instant.
It takes two to speak the truth: one to speak, and another to hear.
Do not be too moral. You may cheat yourself out of much life so.
Truth is always in harmony with herself, and is not concerned chiefly to reveal the justice that may consist with wrong-doing.
The perception of beauty is a moral test.
Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.
Before printing was discovered, a century was equal to a thousand years.
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.
If I seem to boast more than is becoming, my excuse is that I brag for humanity rather than for myself.
How could youths better learn to live than by at once trying the experiment of living?
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.
Where there is an observatory and a telescope, we expect that any eyes will see new worlds at once.
If an injustice requires you to be the agent of injustice to another, then, I say, break the law. Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the government machine.
I have a great deal of company in the house, especially in the morning when nobody calls.
If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life.
There is but one stage for the peasant and the actor.
Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind.
If you can speak what you will never hear, if you can write what you will never read, you have done rare things.
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
We are not what we are, nor do we treat or esteem each other for such, but for what we are capable of being.
The life which men praise and regard as successful is but one kind. Why should we exaggerate any one kind at the expense of the others?
There will never be a really free and enlightened State until the State comes to recognize the individual as a higher and independent power, from which all its own power and authority are derived, and treats him accordingly.
I cannot read a single word of the Hindoos without being elevated.
Our houses are such unwieldy property that we are often imprisoned rather than housed by them.
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
A truly good book teaches me better than to read it. I must soon lay it down, and commence living on its hint. What I began by reading, I must finish by acting.
Only he is successful in his business who makes that pursuit which affords him the highest pleasure sustain him.
It is usually the imagination that is wounded first, rather than the heart; it being much more sensitive.
We know but a few men, a great many coats and breeches.
There is no rule more invariable than that we are paid for our suspicions by finding what we suspect.
It is the greatest of all advantages to enjoy no advantage at all.
Money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul.
Those whom we can love, we can hate; to others we are indifferent.
Faith never makes a confession.
There are old heads in the world who cannot help me by their example or advice to live worthily and satisfactorily to myself; but I believe that it is in my power to elevate myself this very hour above the common level of my life.
There is danger that we lose sight of what our friend is absolutely, while considering what she is to us alone.
Instead of noblemen, let us have noble villages of men.
Front yards are not made to walk in, but, at most, through, and you could go in the back way.
I have found that hollow, which even I had relied on for solid.
God reigns when we take a liberal view, when a liberal view is presented to us.
I have found that no exertion of the legs can bring two minds much nearer to one another.
I was more independent than any farmer in Concord, for I was not anchored to a house or farm, but could follow the bent of my genius, which is a very crooked one, every moment.
Nature and human life are as various as our several constitutions. Who shall say what prospect life offers to another?
It appears to be a law that you cannot have a deep sympathy with both man and nature.
Not only must we be good, but we must also be good for something.
What old people say you cannot do, you try and find that you can. Old deeds for old people, and new deeds for new.
If a man constantly aspires is he not elevated?
We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.
We shall see but a little way if we require to understand what we see.
It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.
What is human warfare but just this; an effort to make the laws of God and nature take sides with one party.
The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
How does it become a man to behave towards the American government today? I answer, that he cannot without disgrace be associated with it.
Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things. They are but improved means to an unimproved end.
The man who is dissatisfied with himself, what can he do?
The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
Do not trouble yourself much to get new things, whether clothes or friends... Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
There never was and is not likely soon to be a nation of philosophers, nor am I certain it is desirable that there should be.
Great men, unknown to their generation, have their fame among the great who have preceded them, and all true worldly fame subsides from their high estimate beyond the stars.
Books are to be distinguished by the grandeur of their topics even more than by the manner in which they are treated.
Night is certainly more novel and less profane than day.
There is no just and serene criticism as yet.
There is always a present and extant life, be it better or worse, which all combine to uphold.
No face which we can give to a matter will stead us so well at last as the truth. This alone wears well.
Do what nobody else can do for you. Omit to do anything else.
How can any man be weak who dares to be at all?
Is the babe young? When I behold it, it seems more venerable than the oldest man.
Some are reputed sick and some are not. It often happens that the sicker man is the nurse to the sounder.
An unclean person is universally a slothful one.
Every people have gods to suit their circumstances.
The rarest quality in an epitaph is truth.
The language of excitement is at best picturesque merely. You must be calm before you can utter oracles.
In the meanest are all the materials of manhood, only they are not rightly disposed.
They can do without architecture who have no olives nor wines in the cellar.
It is too late to be studying Hebrew; it is more important to understand even the slang of today.
I have seen how the foundations of the world are laid, and I have not the least doubt that it will stand a good while.
How many things there are concerning which we might well deliberate whether we had better know them.
The only obligation which I have a right to assume is to do at any time what I think right.
How sweet is the perception of a new natural fact!
I have the habit of attention to such excess, that my senses get no rest - but suffer from a constant strain.
