British,Author
I always used to deny this, but I guess what I'm really saying is that I was writing to shock... And I dug deep and dredged up all kinds of vile things which fascinated me at the time.
It is not the first duty of the novelist to provide blueprints for insurrection, or uplifting tales of successful resistance for the benefit of the opposition. The naming of what is there is what is important.
I was an intimate sort of child who never spoke up in groups. I preferred close friends.
True intelligence requires fabulous imagination.
Politics is the enemy of the imagination.
Atheists have as much conscience, possibly more, than people with deep religious conviction, and they still have the same problem of how they reconcile themselves to a bad deed in the past. It's a little easier if you've got a god to forgive you.
You can spin stories out of the ways people understand and misunderstand each other.
I apologize for being obvious, but every time I watch the curtain come down on even a halfway decent production of a Shakespeare play I feel a little sorrowful that I'll never know the man, or any man of such warm intelligence.
I wouldn't mind being the lead guitarist in an incredibly successful rock band. However, I don't play the guitar.
The best way to tell people about climate change is through non-fiction. There's a vast literature of outstanding writing on the subject.
I want to live in a place where strangers rush to help someone in distress.
It's good to get your hands dirty a bit and to test how you see things at a given point. And it's very pleasing after writing something like 'Atonement' or 'On Chesil Beach,' which are historical, to get involved in some plausible re-enactment of the here and now.
By concentrating on what is good in people, by appealing to their idealism and their sense of justice, and by asking them to put their faith in the future, socialists put themselves at a severe disadvantage.
One has to have the courage of one's pessimism.
You enter a state of controlled passivity, you relax your grip and accept that even if your declared intention is to justify the ways of God to man, you might end up interesting your readers rather more in Satan.
What I've discovered and really confirmed to myself is that opera really likes loud colours, and you need something bold, something savage, unpredictable, passionate. You can't really run a two-hour opera round some muted murmuring.
I've yet to meet somebody who said, 'Your stories are so revolting I couldn't read them.'
Not being boring is quite a challenge.
What reader wants to be told what attitude to strike?
I'm quite good at not writing.
Some people are tied to five hundred words a day, six days a week. I'm a hesitater.
I often don't read reviews.
I don't hold grudges.
Reading reviews makes you thin-skinned. It's like waves washing layers off your skin.
At the risk of sounding like Virginia Woolf, I could live on £700 a year.
The moment you have children and a mortgage you want things to work; you're locked into the human project and you want it to flourish.
