American,Author
There are two kinds of light - the glow that illuminates, and the glare that obscures.
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers.
Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?
The laughter of man is more terrible than his tears, and takes more forms hollow, heartless, mirthless, maniacal.
All men should strive to learn before they die, what they are running from, and to, and why.
Sophistication might be described as the ability to cope gracefully with a situation involving the presence of a formidable menace to one's poise and prestige (such as the butler, or the man under the bed - but never the husband).
The wit makes fun of other persons; the satirist makes fun of the world; the humorist makes fun of himself, but in so doing, he identifies himself with people - that is, people everywhere, not for the purpose of taking them apart, but simply revealing their true nature.
Humor is a serious thing. I like to think of it as one of our greatest earliest natural resources, which must be preserved at all cost.
Progress was all right. Only it went on too long.
I used to wake up at 4 A.M. and start sneezing, sometimes for five hours. I tried to find out what sort of allergy I had but finally came to the conclusion that it must be an allergy to consciousness.
Sixty minutes of thinking of any kind is bound to lead to confusion and unhappiness.
Unless artists can remember what it was to be a little boy, they are only half complete as artist and as man.
Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man.
One martini is all right. Two are too many, and three are not enough.
Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years.
A drawing is always dragged down to the level of its caption.
Nowadays men lead lives of noisy desperation.
The dog has seldom been successful in pulling man up to its level of sagacity, but man has frequently dragged the dog down to his.
Why do you have to be a nonconformist like everybody else?
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
But what is all this fear of and opposition to Oblivion? What is the matter with the soft Darkness, the Dreamless Sleep?
Man is flying too fast for a world that is round. Soon he will catch up with himself in a great rear end collision.
I hate women because they always know where things are.
Speed is scarcely the noblest virtue of graphic composition, but it has its curious rewards. There is a sense of getting somewhere fast, which satisfies a native American urge.
Love is the strange bewilderment that overtakes one person on account of another person.
The sanity of the average banquet speaker lasts about two and a half months; at the end of that time he begins to mutter to himself, and calls out in his sleep.
The difference between our decadence and the Russians' is that while theirs is brutal, ours is apathetic.
The nation that complacently and fearfully allows its artists and writers to become suspected rather than respected is no longer regarded as a nation possessed with humor or depth.
The dog has got more fun out of Man than Man has got out of the dog, for the clearly demonstrable reason that Man is the more laughable of the two animals.
Comedy has to be done en clair. You can't blunt the edge of wit or the point of satire with obscurity. Try to imagine a famous witty saying that is not immediately clear.
With sixty staring me in the face, I have developed inflammation of the sentence structure and definite hardening of the paragraphs.
The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste, and the only limitations those of libel.
