British,Author
The law of harvest is to reap more than you sow. Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny.
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be; your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration.
The man who sows wrong thoughts and deeds and prays that God will bless him is in the position of a farmer who, having sown tares, asks God to bring forth for him a harvest of wheat.
Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation.
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results.
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
No temptation can gravitate to a man unless there is that is his heart which is capable of responding to it.
Above all be of single aim; have a legitimate and useful purpose, and devote yourself unreservedly to it.
He who would accomplish little must sacrifice little; he who would achieve much must sacrifice much; he who would attain highly must sacrifice greatly.
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound.
All that you accomplish or fail to accomplish with your life is the direct result of your thoughts.
Our life is what our thoughts make it. A man will find that as he alters his thoughts toward things and other people, things and other people will alter towards him.
The very fact that you are a complainer, shows that you deserve your lot.
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?
A man is literally what he thinks.
It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel.
To desire is to obtain; to aspire is to achieve.
The man who cannot endure to have his errors and shortcomings brought to the surface and made known, but tries to hide them, is unfit to walk the highway of truth.
