American,Author
Faithfulness to the past can be a kind of death above ground. Writing of the past is a resurrection; the past then lives in your words and you are free.
If you train people properly, they won't be able to tell a drill from the real thing. If anything, the real thing will be easier.
Writing is a solitary occupation. Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer. He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking.
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.
We want the facts to fit the preconceptions. When they don't it is easier to ignore the facts than to change the preconceptions.
A broken bone can heal, but the wound a word opens can fester forever.
The West is color. Its colors are animal rather than vegetable, the colors of earth and sunlight and ripeness.
Sleeplessness is a desert without vegetation or inhabitants.
It is very east to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit and gumption to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
Groan and forget it.
A big iron needle stitching the country together.
A rattlesnake that doesn't bite teaches you nothing.
We can love an honest rogue, but what is more offensive than a false saint?
There are two barriers that often prevent communication between the young and their elders. The first is middle-aged forgetfulness of the fact that they themselves are no longer young. The second is youthful ignorance of the fact that the middle aged are still alive.
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.
The basic essential of a great actor is that he loves himself in acting.
You read a book from beginning to end. You run a business the opposite way. You start with the end, and then you do everything you must to reach it.
A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself.
Talent is helpful in writing, but guts are absolutely necessary.
If you want a baby, have a new one. Don't baby the old one.
I've done more harm by the falseness of trying to please than by the honesty of trying to hurt.
Memory is a magnet. It will pull to it and hold only material nature has designed it to attract.
Nothing is so dear as what you're about to leave.
Justice is a terrible but necessary thing.
Teaching is the royal road to learning.
In their sympathies, children feel nearer animals than adults.
