American,Author
A journey is a person in itself; no two are alike. And all plans, safeguards, policing, and coercion are fruitless. We find that after years of struggle that we do not take a trip; a trip takes us.
I have come to believe that a great teacher is a great artist and that there are as few as there are any other great artists. Teaching might even be the greatest of the arts since the medium is the human mind and spirit.
A sad soul can kill quicker than a germ.
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
You know how advice is. You only want it if it agrees with what you wanted to do anyway.
Many a trip continues long after movement in time and space have ceased.
If you're in trouble, or hurt or need - go to the poor people. They're the only ones that'll help - the only ones.
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen.
One can find so many pains when the rain is falling.
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business.
In the souls of the people the grapes of wrath are filling and growing heavy, growing heavy for the vintage.
I am impelled, not to squeak like a grateful and apologetic mouse, but to roar like a lion out of pride in my profession.
It is true that we are weak and sick and ugly and quarrelsome but if that is all we ever were, we would millenniums ago have disappeared from the face of the earth.
In utter loneliness a writer tries to explain the inexplicable.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Where does discontent start? You are warm enough, but you shiver. You are fed, yet hunger gnaws you. You have been loved, but your yearning wanders in new fields. And to prod all these there's time, the Bastard Time.
Man is the only kind of varmint sets his own trap, baits it, then steps in it.
A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.
The writer must believe that what he is doing is the most important thing in the world. And he must hold to this illusion even when he knows it is not true.
So in our pride we ordered for breakfast an omelet, toast and coffee and what has just arrived is a tomato salad with onions, a dish of pickles, a big slice of watermelon and two bottles of cream soda.
Man, unlike anything organic or inorganic in the universe, grows beyond his work, walks up the stairs of his concepts, emerges ahead of his accomplishments.
The discipline of the written word punishes both stupidity and dishonesty.
It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure on the world.
No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself.
Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.
We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it.
