American,Author
Patience is not simply the ability to wait - it's how we behave while we're waiting.
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.
I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you.
I believe that a trusting attitude and a patient attitude go hand in hand. You see, when you let go and learn to trust God, it releases joy in your life. And when you trust God, you're able to be more patient. Patience is not just about waiting for something... it's about how you wait, or your attitude while waiting.
I may not be where I want to be, but thank God I am not where I used to be.
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.
Consider a tree for a moment. As beautiful as trees are to look at, we don't see what goes on underground - as they grow roots. Trees must develop deep roots in order to grow strong and produce their beauty. But we don't see the roots. We just see and enjoy the beauty. In much the same way, what goes on inside of us is like the roots of a tree.
I've been saying for a couple of years now that people need to let God out of the Sunday morning box, that He doesn't want to just be with you for an hour or two on Sunday morning and then put back in His box to sit there until you have an emergency, but He wants to invade your Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
God's mercy is fresh and new every morning.
It's so important to realize that every time you get upset, it drains your emotional energy. Losing your cool makes you tired. Getting angry a lot messes with your health.
The eagle has no fear of adversity. We need to be like the eagle and have a fearless spirit of a conqueror!
Feeling sorry for ourselves is the most useless waste of energy on the planet. It does absolutely no good. We can't let our circumstances or what others do or don't do control us. We can decide to be happy regardless.
When you begin to worry, go find something to do. Get busy being a blessing to someone; do something fruitful. Talking about your problem or sitting alone, thinking about it, does no good; it serves only to make you miserable. Above all else, remember that worrying is totally useless. Worrying will not solve your problem.
Depression begins with disappointment. When disappointment festers in our soul, it leads to discouragement.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
We all face storms in life. Some are more difficult than others, but we all go through trials and tribulation. That's why we have the gift of faith.
Anytime we step out boldly to make changes, we take a chance that we might fail. But the only way to get better is to try.
No matter what has happened to you in the past or what is going on in your life right now, it has no power to keep you from having an amazingly good future if you will walk by faith in God. God loves you! He wants you to live with victory over sin so you can possess His promises for your life today!
Many people feel so pressured by the expectations of others that it causes them to be frustrated, miserable and confused about what they should do. But there is a way to live a simple, joy-filled, peaceful life, and the key is learning how to be led by the Holy Spirit, not the traditions or expectations of man.
Integrity means that you are the same in public as you are in private.
At school I pretended I had a normal life, but I felt lonely all the time and different from everyone else. I never felt like I fit in, and I wasn't allowed to participate in after-school activities, go to sports events or parties or date boys. Many times I had to make up stories about why I couldn't do anything with my classmates.
Watch out for the joy-stealers: gossip, criticism, complaining, faultfinding, and a negative, judgmental attitude.
If someone decides they're not going to be happy, it's not your problem. You don't have to spend your time and energy trying to cheer up someone who has already decided to stay in a bad mood. Believe it or not, you can actually hurt people by playing into their self-pity.
I have learned that I really do have discipline, self-control, and patience. But they were given to me as a seed, and it's up to me to choose to develop them.
The Bible says to 'fear not,' but this doesn't mean you should never feel scared. It means when you do feel fear, keep going forward and do what you are supposed to do. Or as I like to say, do it afraid.
If selfishness is the key to being miserable, then selflessness must be the key to being happy!
When Jesus comes to live in our hearts, the seed of holiness is planted.
God wants to use you to make other people happy! And the happier you make others, the happier you will be because you reap what you sow.
Frustration is a sign I am acting independently. The more you try your own way, the tighter the doors will stay closed.
Some people have a difficult time facing truth and reality. They prefer to live in a make-believe world, pretending that certain things aren't happening.
Every day is a gift from God. Learn to focus on the Giver and enjoy the gift!
Satan wants us to constantly focus on everything that is wrong with us and look at how far we still have to go. But God desires for us to rejoice in how far we have already come.
The great quest of life has always been to discover truth.
I know from personal experience how damaging it can be to live with bitterness and unforgiveness. I like to say it's like taking poison and hoping your enemy will die. And it really is that harmful to us to live this way.
I'm only going to stand before God and give an account for my life, not for somebody else's life. If I have a bad attitude, then I need to say there's no point in me blaming you for what's wrong in my life.
I want to let you in on a little secret: I don't always feel like I'm a success. That's right. There are plenty of times when I feel like I've just totally messed up and failed to connect with the people I'm trying to communicate with.
If someone you know makes a bad decision or uses bad judgment, it doesn't mean you have to allow that to alter your attitude. Why should you allow anyone else's bad decisions to send you into a tailspin of misery?
Some people have a hard time getting rid of stuff. If that's you, pray for God to give you the courage to get rid of things you don't really need or things He wants you to give away. This will help keep your surroundings organized and clutter-free.
The Israelites' slavery in Egypt is the equivalent of our slavery to sin. God sent Moses to deliver them from bondage, and He sent Jesus Christ to set us free.
It's so easy to settle for less than God's best for us because we don't always feel like taking responsibility for our behavior or putting forth some effort to do what we need to do so we can accomplish great things for God and help people. But the cost of settling for less is actually harder than being completely obedient to God's will.
Satan is the master distracter. He is always working to keep us off track in our walk with God.
When your soul is resting, your emotions are okay, your mind is okay, and your will is at peace with God, not resisting what He's doing.
I used to have a real problem with self-pity. Every time the devil would throw a pity party, I would attend.
A BMW can't take you as far as a diploma.
Jesus paid a tremendous price for us so we could have abundant life. He willingly took all of our sin on Himself and gave His life on the cross so we could be forgiven and have new life in Him.
In my relationship with God, I've learned that if I follow a 'formula' for how I spend my time with Him, then I'm just accomplishing a checklist of things I feel obligated to do to please Him. This makes my spiritual life more about doing what I need to do to fulfill an obligation than something meaningful.
When we enter into a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, something wonderful happens: God begins to change our desires, and we want to be more like Him.
My father was a mean, controlling and manipulative person for most of his life. He was unpredictable and unstable. As a result, the atmosphere of our home was super-charged with fear because you never knew if what you did would make him mad or not.
You know, God will give favor to anyone who will believe Him. Every day you should confess that you have favor everywhere you go. God will begin to open doors that you wouldn't believe.
Early on in my life, I had a broken soul. I was abused by my father, abandoned by my mother and ended up in a destructive first marriage. By the time I was 23, I was broken in my soul. I didn't know how to think right. I felt wrong about everything. But God stepped into my life, and I came out on the other side and didn't even smell like smoke.
Don't complain. The Israelites wasted forty years murmuring and complaining in the wilderness, when they could have just obeyed God and entered into their Promised Land.
Prayer is such a basic foundation of a Christian's relationship with God. It's how we communicate and fellowship with Him. But a surprising number of people, young and old, new and even long-time Christians, say they're not satisfied with their prayer life.
We can fear things into existence. Fear looks into the future and imagines the worst that can happen.
We can improve our relationships with others by leaps and bounds if we become encouragers instead of critics.
I used to worry about every little thing, trying to figure out every problem. Well, I realize now how foolish that was. I was no more in control of my life than the man on the moon.
I like to talk to myself ahead of time so when temptation comes, I've already made up my mind that I have the victory.
I used to let other people's struggles affect my happiness. If they weren't happy, there was no way I was going to be happy. The opposite was also true: If I wasn't happy, I didn't want anyone around me to be happy.
Reproach is shame, blame, disgrace, disapproval and a disrespectful attitude toward yourself. When you're under reproach, your behavior shows it.
There's a deceptive sin that can keep us from walking in love: pride. It's deceptive because when you have pride, you're usually too proud to admit it. I know this because I used to have teachings on pride and they didn't sell well.
Know that as a Christian, your destiny is to be Christlike in all of your ways.
Did you know there's a difference between being busy and being fruitful? Did you ever stop to think that just being busy - running around in circles all day but not accomplishing anything - is the same as wasting your time? It's frustrating to expend so much energy and time and not have any fruit from your effort!
Dread, which is closely related to fear, steals the ability to enjoy ordinary life and makes people anxious about the future. It keeps them from looking forward to the next day, the next month, or the next decade.
The most effective prayers are usually the simple prayers.
Perfectionists demand perfection from themselves first and foremost.
The truth is, if we don't learn to submit to authority, we won't ever learn to submit to God.
We should never let material things get ahead of God or become so important in our lives that we can't walk away from them if He tells us to. Anything you own that has a hold on you is a problem.
Pride is an independent, me-oriented spirit. It makes people arrogant, rude and hard to get along with. When our heart is prideful, we don't give God the credit and we mistreat people, looking down on them and thinking we deserve what we have.
As you read or listen to God's Word and spend time talking to Him in prayer, your spirit will eventually become stronger than your flesh.
A lot of times, people feel that if they forgive the person who hurt them, then they will continue to take advantage of them or not take responsibility for what they did wrong.
If your inner life is not producing what you would like on the outside, don't be discouraged... just be willing to change.
Whether we're happy with our circumstances or not, giving God praise is so important.
You don't have to be like everybody else or do things like everybody else. God created you to be a unique individual, and He wants you to be free to be who He made you to be.
It's amazing to me the number of people who will volunteer to help at church but won't lift a finger to help at home!
There are a lot of 'chicken Christians.' Chickens are generally afraid of life, and they seldom fly or reach their potential in life. And when a storm comes, all they seem to do is flap around the chicken yard, stirring up dirt and running to the chicken house.
Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.
Although God loves us unconditionally, He does get angry at sin, wickedness and evil. But He is not an angry God. God hates sin, but He loves sinners! He will never approve of sin in your life, but He always loves you and wants to work with you to make progress in living a holy life in Christ.
It seems like a lot of people seek their peace in things. And most of us are not even satisfied with the things we have... we always want more.
Catering to bad feelings feeds and empowers them.
When it comes to our everyday habits, it's important to ask: 'Am I putting God first?'
There is absolutely no power in our human effort to live holy. It is only by His grace. And the result of receiving grace is we get better at living like Christ, which is something we all want, right?
Motives reveal why we do what we do, which is actually more important to God than what we're doing.
We all get weary sometimes, and we tend to think that life is what makes us weary.
Hope is favorable and confident expectation; it's an expectant attitude that something good is going to happen and things will work out, no matter what situation we're facing.
Loving others always costs us something and requires effort. And you have to decide to do it on purpose. You can't wait for a feeling to motivate you.
Over the years, I've learned that a confident person doesn't concentrate or focus on their weaknesses - they maximize their strengths.
Nobody likes to have trouble. The moment we get a hint that it's coming, a common response is, 'Oh no! Not again!'
Sometimes when you've had a long series of disappointing things happen, you can get into the very bad habit of just expecting more of what you've already had.
Peace is one of the most precious gifts God has promised His children. I know, because for many years my life was not peaceful, and I was miserable.
Prayer is simply talking to God like a friend and should be the easiest thing we do each day.
You see, you are a spirit, you have a soul, and you live in a body. You have emotions, you have thoughts, you have a will, and you have a conscience. You are a complex being! And Jesus came to heal every single part of you. There's not one part that He doesn't want to make completely whole.
It's certainly not wrong to want to be a better person. God gave us that desire.
We're not like robots. God promises to guide us through the Holy Spirit, but He gives us the freedom to make our own decisions.
Humility may well be one of the most difficult of the fruit of the Spirit to be cultivated in us - and to maintain. That's because without humility, it's not likely that you will put your complete trust in God.
You see, rebellion, and the disobedience it causes, keeps us from having the power of God that's available to us as Christians.
Jesus didn't die for us so we could pretend to be something we're not.
Too many Christians live their lives like slaves - to the devil - because they believe his lies more than they trust God.
I can tell you from experience that God's help and presence in our lives is vital. He is the Author of all true success and everything that is good-without Him, we can do nothing of true value.
God never promised us a trouble-free life.
Don't give in to excuses that can keep you from really living the best life God has for you.
When we make progress quickly, it feeds our emotions. Then, when there's a period of waiting or we hit a plateau, we find out how committed we really are and whether we're going to see things through to the finish or quit.
I've learned through my own relationship with God that He's not expecting me to be perfect; He wants me to do my best to be in His will and take steps of faith as He leads me, through His Word and the promptings He speaks to my heart.
I want to look my best for God. So many people have the attitude that if you're a Christian you've got to dress bad, wear an old color, not do anything to your hair, have nothing. It's no wonder that Christianity is not very attractive. I mean, how many people do you know in a Western culture that's going to go, 'Yeah, give me some of that?'
My father was a mean, controlling and manipulative person for most of his life. He was unpredictable and unstable.
It's true my father abused me and didn't love and protect me the way he should have, and at times it seemed no one would ever help me and it would never end. But God always had a plan for my life, and He has redeemed me.
We can never make ourselves better by trying... praying more or longer, studying more of the Word, performing good works, etc. Don't get me wrong... it's not bad to do any of these things. In fact, it's good. It's just that doing them in God's power is the only way those things will have any real and lasting effect in our lives.
When doubt comes against us, we have to lift up the shield of faith. We do this when we open our mouth and say what God's Word says, rather than grumbling and complaining about the problem.
I believe we live in a love-starved society. Everywhere you go there are probably people who haven't had the right kind of love in their lives.
Traditions are a common part of our lives. They can be good, and not all traditions are wrong, but sometimes they can take the joy out of life.
Things in themselves have no life in them. A car can't comfort or encourage you. A house means nothing if there's no life and love inside.
Humble people ask for help.
I have learned from personal experience that putting trust in God means there will be some unanswered questions. That was a hard lesson for me because I naturally want to understand everything... to know what's going on so I can feel like I'm in control.
Simplicity is a key to avoiding complication. Part of the definition of simplicity is 'not complex or complicated; sincere.'
Instead of blaming everyone and everything else for your problems, pray for God to help you take an inventory of what's been on your mind so you can think about what you've been thinking about.
If you want to become fully mature in the Lord, you must learn to love truth. Otherwise, you will always leave open a door of deception for the enemy to take what is meant to be yours.
Worry and reasoning are two of Satan's most successful tools. He'll get us started with one negative thought and then sit back and watch us finish ourselves off.
We can approach God's throne with boldness because we are confident in the power of what Jesus accomplished for us at the cross.
Spiritual people don't float around all day on clouds of glory; they live in the real world and deal with real issues in real ways.
God doesn't do things halfway. He goes all out! When God does something, it's not just barely enough, mediocre or lukewarm.
Education levels the playing field, allowing everyone to compete.
God doesn't love me any more or less because I had some work done on my face. You know, I prayed about it a long, long, long, long, long time, because there again, I wouldn't want to do anything that I felt was going to be offensive to God.
There is no hope of anyone going to Heaven unless they believe this truth I am presenting. You cannot go to Heaven unless you believe with all your heart that Jesus took your place in Hell.
We clearly see in God's Word that anything He tells us to do, He will give us the ability to do it. But do we really believe it? Do we want to believe it? It's easier to come up with excuses for why we can't do things that are hard or that we really don't want to do.
When you become a Christian, something truly amazing happens: God comes to live inside your heart. You become the home of God.
Over the years I've learned how to lock myself up in a prison of hope, knowing that God has nothing but His best planned for me. He promised me things concerning my ministry and my life.
Every person who confesses that Christ Jesus is Lord, repents of their sin and gives their heart to God is a child of God and belongs to Him. And in Christ, we are made right with God, we are His righteousness, and we have the power of Christ in us to live right.
If God can't get you to obey Him concerning your money, he won't get to anything else you got.
I don't think there's anyone who would say they don't want or need more of God's power in their life.
Most of us have hoped and prayed for something to happen a certain way, but it didn't. And when this happened, we had a choice to make: to react with offense toward God or to trust Him anyway.
I consider wisdom supernatural because it isn't taught by men - it's a gift from God.
Really showing love requires more than just words.
Whatever is making you so angry, it's time for you to give it to God and get over it.
It's impossible to live a life totally free of feelings. God created all of us to be emotional creatures, and feelings are a big part of our lives.
Learning to live for others isn't something that just comes naturally to anybody. You have to train yourself to do it.
The more people I reach, the more people there are that have opinions about me. Not everyone loves me, but I have to be okay no matter what they think about me.
If you're in a workplace you don't like right now, be encouraged because God will use it for your good. Think about it this way: He wants you to be a light in the darkness - and He's putting His confidence in you!
As you pray for the Holy Spirit to make you aware of thoughts that come into your mind that don't line up with God's Word, you'll begin to realize when those thoughts come and you can renew your mind with the Word.
When you feel like it's too hard to obey God, remember that He will never tell you to do something without giving you the grace, power and ability to do it.
Any time we are misused or used for a purpose other than what God intended us for, it's damaging.
Stay active. Read the Word. Worship with other believers. Continue to give. Keep learning and growing. Your faith will be unleashed!
As a global society, we do not have to agree, endorse or condone the lifestyle choices of others. However, history has taught us that we equally cannot and should not excuse those who would hide behind religion or misuse God's word to justify bigotry and persecution.
Individuals need to be willing to face truth about their attitudes, behaviors, even what we want out of life.
Your joy comes from how you think, the choices that we make in life.
If you want to have sustained joy, you have to not only make sure that you think right, but you also have to make decisions now that are going to guarantee some joy in the future.
I just really believe people have to get hungry. I think maybe what we need to do, instead of trying to stuff our beliefs down people's throats, is just pray for them to really be hungry and to see their neediness.
I tell people, and it's the truth, I could sit in my garage for a week and it won't make me a car. And you can sit in church till your bottom is flat and that won't make you a servant of Christ.
When I ask people to give, I can't be on television if they don't; I can't help people, if I don't - I mean, it takes money.
Do you know something? The minute that blood sacrifice was accepted, Jesus was the first human being that was ever born again. Now that was real - it happened when he was in Hell.
Even though God loves us, we still have a problem: sin. It's important for us to learn how to confront sin and overcome it, because while God loves sinners, He hates sin. And He hates it because of what it does to us and how it keeps us from the abundant life Jesus died to give us.
I believe many people feel like God is mad at them. One day I put a post on Facebook that said, 'God is not mad at you.' Within a few hours, we literally had thousands of positive responses from people saying things like, 'That is exactly what I needed to hear today.' Obviously, this is a message we need to hear.
People who don't know the true character of God - who don't believe He is merciful, gracious and slow to anger - can never have a close, personal, intimate relationship with Him.
The truth is God created us to have relationship with us. He wants to love us and take care of us, and He wants us to love Him. That's where our walk with Christ has to start.
I think the perception of peace is what distracts most people from really having it.
There's a part of you - the born-again part, your spirit - that's dead to sin. That's why it bothers you now when you sin. The 'wilderness' part of you - your soul - is your unrenewed mind, out-of-control emotions, and stubborn will.
I've discovered that when we take time to renew our minds with God's Word, we learn how to think like God thinks, say what God says, and act like He wants us to act.
God wants to help us... He loves us... we are His children. But He will not force His help on us at any time. He sees us when we struggle and fight and complain our way through things. And I believe it breaks His heart, when all we have to do is ask Him for help.
Our faith is released as we say, pray and do the Word.
One of the things I love most about being at home is that I'm comfortable there. And since we are the home of Christ, we need to make sure He's comfortable in us.
I was in my late thirties when my eyes were opened to truth in God's Word that showed me I wasn't living the abundant life Jesus died for me to have. I had a very negative mindset and was miserable most of the time because of the abuse I had experienced throughout my childhood.
It's like a jar of salad dressing sitting on a shelf... most of the seasoning settles to the bottom of the bottle. But when you shake that bottle up, all the ingredients mix together and then the dressing can add flavor to a salad. In the same way, we can stir ourselves up and regain the reverence, respect and awe we once had for the Lord.
We all have two lives: an inner life and an outer life. Your inner life is your soul life, which includes your mind, will and emotions. Your outer life is your physical life. And while God cares about every detail of your life, He is more concerned with your inner life than your outer life.
The devil is a peace stealer, and he works hard to set us up to get upset. But we can learn how to change our approach so we don't live upset all of the time. And Jesus gives us the best example to follow.
Everything God tells us to do is for our good. Whether it's direction you get in His Word or something He's specifically put in your heart for your situation in life, the absolute best thing you can ever do is obey Him promptly and completely.
The conscience can be a strong guide in life if we allow it.
God is speaking to us. But are we listening to Him? When our conscience begins to nudge us for whatever reason, we might have this low-level misery or uneasiness about whatever it is we've done or we're about to do. At times like this, it's wise to prayerfully consider whether we're offending God with our actions.
What we need to understand is that when traditions become laws, rules, obligations and expectations others put on us that we don't want to fulfill, then they lose real meaning and steal the joy from our lives. And if we're too religious, we won't be able to be led by the Holy Spirit and enjoy an intimate relationship with Him.
Sometimes I just sit still and enjoy God's presence.
The Bible says that Christians are the salt of the earth and the light of the world. On the job, in the grocery store, even among unsaved friends and family members, God's people are there to bring seasoning to an unsavory situation.
Yes, God does expect us to live holy, consecrated lives. But not even the best of our intentions can make it happen. Thankfully, He doesn't expect us to make ourselves holy. He just wants us to learn to depend on Him to make us holy.
As we regularly spend time reading God's Word and talking to Him in prayer, we put ourselves in position for Him to do things in our lives we could never do on our own.
We will all fail in life, but nobody has to be a failure. Failing at a thing doesn't make you a failure. You are only a failure when you quit trying.
Because my dad abused me, I was determined to never let a man tell me what to do. God clearly showed me that I needed to be a submissive wife if I wanted to be effective in ministry. The truth is, if we don't learn to submit to authority, we won't ever learn to submit to God.
Not everyone loves me, but I have to be okay no matter what they think about me.
Our words will either bring life and victory or death and destruction. If we want to be happy, we have to be serious about speaking words of life that line up with God's Word.
The day we receive Jesus Christ as our Savior is one of the greatest days of our lives. Not only are our sins washed away, but God puts His Spirit inside of us and gives us new desires.
I spent most of the early years of my walk with God focused on what was wrong with me. Most of us probably do that, hoping to change ourselves.
Extremely religious, legalistic people have a criticism or judgment about everyone and everything. They just have a way of bringing people down with what they say.
When we trust God more than our feelings, it confuses the devil. I mean, when he throws you his best shot and he can't budge you from believing God, he won't know what to do with you anymore.
You don't have to give way to careless speech or complaining. You don't have to let your feelings get in the way of what God wants to do in your life.
Don't judge other people. For example, if you want God's anointing to be on you for parenting, you need to be careful not to criticize other parents.
If you want to live in the fullness of God's anointing, fill your mouth with His Word.
Choosing an attitude of faith will release peace out of your spirit and into your soul.
If you're not careful to think and speak words of faith, worry will creep in, and it will not only steal your peace and joy, it will steal your 'today.' The present is the greatest gift God ever gives us. So hold on to the peace that's yours in Christ. Don't let it go.
If you will do what God tells you to do, there's no person on Earth and no devil in Hell that can keep you from having what God wants you to have.
There are people in the world who aren't necessarily Christians, but they're just naturally nice people who do a lot for other people. Those people will almost always be prosperous people.
I don't think even ungodly people realize what a society would be like that had no godly influence at all.
I'm sure most parents read to their children to explain what certain things mean. So books are a good way to convey a message to anybody. Everybody reads.
I've taught a lot about prayer over the years and how it is really just talking to God.
How one life turns out is not dependent on what people do to us or what they don't do for us.
There is no man on Earth or devil in Hell who can keep you from the very best God put in you.
Nobody can ever say that being negative ever helped them at all - not in any way.
My father was a negative person. He actually taught me to be negative, if that makes any sense. I remember him saying: 'You know there's no point in expecting anything good to happen because it won't.' I grew up in such a negative atmosphere.
Sometimes if you got a problem deep rooted in your life, it takes a little bit of time to overcome it in that area.
The Word of God is active, energizing, sharp and powerful like a two-edged sword.
I am not promising that God will give you everything you want. There are times when we want things that God knows would not be good for us.
I pray while driving. I pray while working, and while relaxing.
Giving is just one way of expressing that God has been good to you and will continue to do so through your being good to others.
Fear is a spirit that produces a feeling.
We want our marriage to be a triumph, not a tragedy.
Once I realized that right thinking is vital to victorious living, I got more serious about thinking about what I was thinking about, and choosing my thoughts carefully.
One might say that our words are a movie screen that reveals what we have been thinking and the attitudes we have.
Where the mind goes, the man follows.
I was in a terrible mess in my childhood.
God doesn't love me any more or less because I had some work done on my face.
If we are hungry enough for God, we will find a way into His presence. We should be so hungry for the presence of God that we absolutely will not go out of our house or tackle any kind of project until we have spent some time with Him.
Some Christians feel guilty when they are doing something that isn't 'spiritual.' Somehow or another, they feel the need to hurry through the grocery store, dash through the house cleaning, and rush through all the daily aspects of life that seem irrelevant to their faith.
Start your week off right by getting back to what is really important - honoring God.
I am radically, insanely, nutty in love with Jesus!
I just think overall there's not as many female ministers than there are male ministers.
I think there's more women that watch me than men, but I don't look at myself as just a minister to women. My ministry began that way, but I really feel like the Word of God is for everybody.
I'm just telling you, God permits things in our lives sometimes for reasons that we do not understand yet because of the spiritual level that we're on. We can't have any understanding of it, because we're not at a place of spiritual growth yet where we understand the deeper things of God.
A lot of times, people make other people responsible for their joy: 'You're not making me happy, you're not doing this, you're not doing that.'
It's amazing if you just listen to people. They tell you all the time things that you can do for them, without even realizing what they're doing. I've learned to take notice of those things and if it's something that I feel God wants me to do, then I try to do that to add joy to their life.
So many people live with anger and unforgiveness, and many of them are Christians.
Our enemy, the devil, wants to control us, and his target is our will. The main way he tries to influence our will is through lying to us.
The Bible tells us to be perfect. This is likely a scary thought for many people. It used to scare me. I didn't think I could ever get there, no matter how hard I tried.
I can't very well be teaching one way and living my life another way. What I do in life must be consistent with the things I say. And the same goes for you.
To compromise simply means that you go a tiny bit below what you know is right.
Sadly, the truth is, there aren't many people who can be put in high positions who won't start thinking highly of themselves.
Real life is the life that's in you, not your circumstances, like where you live or what job you have or who you're in relationship with.
If we're really honest with ourselves, most of us will admit that we want to impress people, and this is what's causing us to do what we do.
I believe that everyone experiences depression to some degree at some time in their lives. And there are probably millions of people who live with a low level of sadness and heaviness day in and day out.
Everything is subject to change except God Himself.
I like to work and am a focused person.
Humility is not something that comes naturally. But it is a cardinal virtue that should be pursued more than any other.
I'm amazed sometimes by the Christians who don't really believe that God wants to help them and bless them.
God is a great God! I want to encourage you to expect great things from Him.
We live in a time-crunched world, and just about everything we do seems to be urgent.
God's first line of defense - and offense - for every situation is prayer.
Instead of judging people, we need to pray.
Now, we can't stop the devil from coming against us, but we can overcome him each time - if we exercise the authority of Jesus and decide not to put up with him.
I've been studying the Bible for a long time. I remember that after the first five years or so of diligently studying the Word, I didn't feel like I had made any progress. There were a lot of things in my life that were out of order, and I didn't feel like I was getting anywhere.
Refuse to be a lazy Christian, and resist a passive, apathetic attitude.
Why is it that although it takes us years to get into our messes, we expect God to get us out of them in a few days?
There are many things that happen every day that we could murmur about if we let ourselves go there. But they really aren't worth the effort it takes to get upset and gripe about it.
Many people in the western world are spoiled by the conveniences of our culture.
What's real freedom? Real freedom is being able to not have my way and still be just as happy as if I did.
I like gifts. I like to give them and I like to get them.
The flesh, or human nature, is generally lazy and self-centered.
Real Christianity can be summed up in two commands: Love God, and love people.
Where there is no opposition to evil, it multiplies.
I was tormented with guilt for years and years. In fact, it was so bad that if I didn't feel wrong, I didn't feel right!
Life isn't fair, but God is.
Every day that goes by puts us closer to the day when Christ will return.
People who pity themselves think, 'Why would I try to do anything? I'll just fail.'
The truth is, anyone can start projects. The world is full of just-started projects that looked great at the time but were never completed.
The last thing the devil wants you to do is be an obedient Christian.
Character is expressed through our behavior patterns, or natural responses to things.
I think happiness is a goal all of us can agree on. Let's face it - we all would like to be happy.
Until you pray, God cannot work.
Christianity is a lifestyle. And being a Christian is more than a label.
We live in an imperfect world, and imperfect people surround us every day.
I believe many people feel like God is mad at them.
Peace is one of the most precious gifts God has promised His children.
It's just human nature to try and figure things out. So, when we're in the midst of a situation, we usually try to reason our way through it.
Jesus is a divine guest inside of you all the time - one who loves, understands, sees and hears you. He wants to live in oneness with you... to be the centerpiece of everything you do.
So much of what we do every single day is the result of habits that we have formed over time.
All of our problems start in our minds.
Much of everyday life is filled with opportunities to be distracted. Our possessions... entertainment... cares and anxieties... and even the passionate desire and pursuit of things, some good and not so good, can keep our minds and hearts caught up in a flurry of activity.
When you're in a leadership role, you can never please all of the people all of the time. There's also a lot of responsibility that goes along with it that others may not realize.
It's very inexpensive to give a compliment.
Forgiveness is not a one-time thing that happened the day you received Christ. It is an everyday thing, for the rest of your life.
We have an epidemic of insecure people in our society today.
I've learned that usually, the less I know about other people, the better off I am.
Sometimes you must suffer through something to defeat your fear of it.
Resist the need to be 'right' all the time or to always have the last word.
I wonder how many decisions we make every day. I believe it's probably hundreds. We decide whether or not to get out of bed, what we'll eat, what we'll do, what we'll think about, what we'll say... and on and on.
A lot of people don't enjoy their jobs, and it's one of the main things we like to complain about.
