American,Author
Laughter and tears are both responses to frustration and exhaustion. I myself prefer to laugh, since there is less cleaning up to do afterward.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
This is Sunday, and the question arises, what'll I start tomorrow?
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all the kinds of things you can't see from the center.
We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.
There is no reason why good cannot triumph as often as evil. The triumph of anything is a matter of organization. If there are such things as angels, I hope that they are organized along the lines of the Mafia.
New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become.
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter could be said to remedy anything.
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different.
What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.
The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake.
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.
If you are an American, you must allow all ideas to circulate freely in your community, not merely your own.
One of the things that I tell beginning writers is this: If you describe a landscape, or a cityscape, or a seascape, always be sure to put a human figure somewhere in the scene. Why? Because readers are human beings, mostly interested in human beings. People are humanists. Most of them are humanists, that is.
Everyone now knows how to find the meaning of life within himself. But mankind wasn't always so lucky. Less than a century ago, men and women did not have easy access to the puzzle boxes within them.
When a man becomes a writer, I think he takes on a sacred obligation to produce beauty and enlightenment and comfort at top speed.
People need good lies. There are too many bad ones.
There is never a shortage anywhere of lawyers eager to attack the First Amendment, as though it were nothing more than a clause in a lease from a crooked slumlord.
The year was 2081, and everyone was finally equal.
Science is magic that works.
I was taught that the human brain was the crowning glory of evolution so far, but I think it's a very poor scheme for survival.
Human beings will be happier - not when they cure cancer or get to Mars or eliminate racial prejudice or flush Lake Erie but when they find ways to inhabit primitive communities again. That's my utopia.
All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is.
I had no talent for science. What was infinitely worse: all my fraternity brothers were engineers.
Science sent the Hubble telescope out into space, so it could capture light and the absence thereof, from the very beginning of time. And the telescope really did that. So now we know that there was once absolutely nothing, such a perfect nothing that there wasn't even nothing or once.
As a Humanist, I love science. I hate superstition, which could never have given us A-bombs.
What troubles me most about my lovely country is that its children are seldom taught that American freedom will vanish, if, when they grow up, and in the exercise of their duties as citizens, they insist that our courts and policemen and prisons be guided by divine or natural law.
Who is more to be pitied, a writer bound and gagged by policemen or one living in perfect freedom who has nothing more to say?
I really wonder what gives us the right to wreck this poor planet of ours.
Younger scientists are extremely sensitive to the moral implications of all they do.
To whom it may concern: It is springtime. It is late afternoon.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
I asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much was mine to keep.
If people think nature is their friend, then they sure don't need an enemy.
People have to talk about something just to keep their voice boxes in working order so they'll have good voice boxes in case there's ever anything really meaningful to say.
Any man can call time out, but no man can say how long the time out will be.
Lot's wife, of course, was told not to look back where all those people and their homes had been. But she did look back, and I love her for that, because it was so human.
Back in my days as a chemistry student, I used to be quite a technocrat. I was firmly convinced that scientists would have cornered God and photographed Him in color by 1951.
Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae.
I was not an anthropology student prior to the war. I took it up as part of a personal readjustment following some bewildering experiences as an infantryman and later as a prisoner of war in Dresden, Germany. The science of the Study of Man has been extremely satisfactory from that personal standpoint.
One might be led to suspect that there were all sorts of things going on in the universe which he or she did not thoroughly understand.
I am from a family of artists. Here I am, making a living in the arts. It has not been a rebellion. It's as though I had taken over the family Esso station.
It is a very mixed blessing to be brought back from the dead.
People don't come to church for preachments, of course, but to daydream about God.
I'm screamingly funny, you know, I really am in the books. And that helps because I'm funnier than a lot of people, I think, and that's appreciated by young people.
Actually, to be an effective person politically in this country, I think you have to be thirty or over, and also you have to be rich, well-placed, you have to be close to power. And I don't think that young people, because they look young, can do much, as I think they are counterproductive.
Call me Jonah. My parents did, or nearly did. They called me John.
During most of my freelancing, I made what I would have made in charge of the cafeteria at a pretty good junior-high school.
I don't plot my books rigidly, follow a preconceived structure. A novel mustn't be a closed system - it's a quest.
All writers are going to have to learn more about science, because it's such an interesting part of their environment.
Over the years, people I've met have often asked me what I'm working on, and I've usually replied that the main thing was a book about Dresden.
A chaplain's assistant is customarily a figure of fun in the American Army.
I left the Middle West for Schenectady because the General Electric Company offered me a more congenial, better paying job than did anyone else.
My cash cows, the slick magazines, were put out of business by TV.
I hope to build a reputation as a science-fiction writer. That's the pitch. We'll see.
If you appear in the 'Atlantic' or 'Harper's' or the 'New Yorker,' by God, you must be a writer, because everybody says so.
I now make my living by being impolite. I am clumsy at it.
It may be that the most striking thing about members of my literary generation in retrospect will be that we were allowed to say absolutely anything without fear of punishment.
