American,Author
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - it's apathy. It's not giving a damn.
Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.
The purpose of life is to help others, and if you can't help them, won't you at least not hurt them? I know that is a platitude, that that is sentimental and can easily be attacked. But loving, caring is simple, and we make it complex. Our own neuroses make it complex.
Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.
It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between a time for learning and a time for play without seeing the vital connection between them.
We are no longer puppets being manipulated by outside powerful forces: we become the powerful force ourselves.
Food is celebratory. People who don't cook don't know how much fun they're missing.
You can be a follower of Muhammad or Jesus or Buddha or whomever. Always, they said that the most essential factor is to love your neighbor. And to love you.
We all need each other.
Hugs make you feel psychologically more secure and together.
I still get wildly enthusiastic about little things... I play with leaves. I skip down the street and run against the wind.
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love.
What love we've given, we'll have forever. What love we fail to give, will be lost for all eternity.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.
Love always creates, it never destroys. In this lies man's only promise.
I have been a teacher myself all my life. I have an intense passion to share with people. Our only salvation is in knowledge, in learning.
