American,Author
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
It takes one person to forgive, it takes two people to be reunited.
The problem with revenge is that it never evens the score. It ties both the injured and the injurer to an escalator of pain. Both are stuck on the escalator as long as parity is demanded, and the escalator never stops.
Nobody sees reality whole; we all need others to show us the parts of it that they see better than we do. Nobody sees reality with total accuracy; we all need others to correct our own vision.
When we forgive evil we do not excuse it, we do not tolerate it, we do not smother it. We look the evil full in the face, call it what it is, let its horror shock and stun and enrage us, and only then do we forgive it.
The right to personal privacy is precious. Without it, we are all potential victims for a prying secret police.
Forgiving is love's toughest work, and love's biggest risk.
The Holy Spirit, thank God, often enables people to forgive even though they are not sure how they did it.
What is a disloyal act? A person is disloyal if he treats you as a stranger when, in fact, he belongs to you as a friend or partner. Each of us is bound to some special others by the invisible fibers of loyalty.
Some people have loved ones they will not forsake, even though they are a pain in the neck.
Restorative justice is not a replacement of retributive justice, but a complement. It seeks the rehabilitation of the wrongdoer and the repair of the victim's injury.
Promise keeping is a powerful means of grace in a time when people hardly depend on each other to remember and live by their word.
The God who has the whole world in his hands has grace for the whole world in his heart.
The lies we tell ourselves are the most subtle of all lies.
When we have been badly injured and clearly wronged, we make an instant caricature of the person who did it to us. We define him totally by the one wrong he did.
Our sense of fairness tells us that people should pay for the wrong they do.
The blood of Christ covers all of our sins, but each of us must do personal business with God in order to experience his forgiveness.
Some people still have causes they will not desert, even though the cause seems lost.
As I read the New Testament, I find only one path to salvation - the path of an informed faith in Jesus Christ.
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well.
Our society is pluralistic. We who accept the privilege of membership in that society agree to respect the people's right to live by their own religious precepts.
Any lazy or biased fool can have opinions; making judgments is the hard work of responsible and compassionate people.
Seeing reality for what it is is what we call discernment. The work of discernment is very hard.
God is not a doormat, nor should anyone else be a doormat.
My father was only thirty-one when he died of a heart attack, much too young for a father to die and leave his young wife with five rambunctious little kids to take care of. I was the youngest. Only a couple of months old when he died.
