Canadian,Author
A lot of what is most beautiful about the world arises from struggle.
The visionary starts with a clean sheet of paper, and re-imagines the world.
We don't know where our first impressions come from or precisely what they mean, so we don't always appreciate their fragility.
The injunction to be nice is used to deflect criticism and stifle the legitimate anger of dissent.
The fact of being an underdog changes people in ways that we often fail to appreciate. It opens doors and creates opportunities and enlightens and permits things that might otherwise have seemed unthinkable.
As a writer, the best mindset is to be unafraid.
A handicap is like trying to race and you have a ten pound weight stuck to your waist. That is a handicap.
What do we tell our children? Haste makes waste. Look before you leap. Stop and think. Don't judge a book by its cover. We believe that we are always better off gathering as much information as possible and spending as much time as possible in deliberation.
I'm just trying to say that it should reassure us that the inevitable traumas of being human do end up producing some good. Otherwise, the human condition is overwhelmingly depressing.
We should be firing bad teachers.
If you go to an elite school where the other students in your class are all really brilliant, you run the risk of mistakenly believing yourself to not be a good student.
If you're last in your class at Harvard, it doesn't feel like you're a good student, even though you really are. It's not smart for everyone to want to go to a great school.
Consistency is the most overrated of all human virtues... I'm someone who changes his mind all the time.
People assume when my hair is long that I am a lot cooler than I actually am. I am not opposed to this misconception, by the way, but it is a misconception.
For some small number of people, a parental loss appears to be, ultimately, a desirable difficulty - again, not a large number.
The underdog winning is the romantic position.
You don't train someone for all of those years of medical school and residency, particularly people who want to help others optimize their physical and psychological health, and then have them run a claims-processing operation for insurance companies.
When I go to my health club, and it's in the basement, you have to take the elevator down. And this drives me crazy. Why can't there be a stairway? At least make it as easy to exercise as it is to not exercise. It's in society's interest for me to take the stairs.
The great accomplishment of Jobs's life is how effectively he put his idiosyncrasies - his petulance, his narcissism, and his rudeness - in the service of perfection.
When people from organizations like the World Bank descended on Third World countries, they always tried to remove obstacles to development, to reduce economic anxiety and uncertainty.
Once you understand that Goliath is much weaker than you think he is, and David has superior technology, then you say: why do we tell the story the way we do? It becomes, actually, a far more meaningful and important story in its retelling than in the kind of unsophisticated way we've done it for, I think, too long.
There is this tremendous body of knowledge in the world of academia where extraordinary numbers of incredibly thoughtful people have taken the time to examine on a really profound level the way we live our lives and who we are and where we've been. That brilliant learning sometimes gets trapped in academia and never sees the light of day.
That term, 'David and Goliath,' has entered our language as a metaphor for improbable victories by some weak party over someone far stronger.
The most common form of giantism is a condition called acromegaly, and acromegaly is caused by a benign tumor on your pituitary gland that causes an overproduction of human growth hormone. And throughout history, many of the most famous giants have all had acromegaly.
The paradox of endurance sports is that an athlete can never work as hard as he wants, because if he pushes himself too far, his hematocrit will fall.
It's very hard to find someone who's successful and dislikes what they do.
If you're skinny and you can't play hockey in Canada, you aren't left with a lot of options. I was left with running.
Age-class running, as you know, is completely unreliable. It's based on this artificial thing, which is that people who are the same age have the same level of physical maturity. Which just isn't true.
I never had those dreams of making the Olympics. Never.
We used to say poor people had lousy genes. Then we decided that wasn't OK, but we transferred the prejudice to upbringing. We said, 'You were neglected as a child, so you'll never make it.' That's just as pernicious.
If Harvard is $60,000 and University of Toronto, where I went to school, is maybe six. So you're really telling me that education is 10 times better at Harvard than it is at University of Toronto? That seems ridiculous to me.
If you take away the gift of reading, you create the gift of listening.
The most influential thinker, in my life, has been the psychologist Richard Nisbett. He basically gave me my view of the world.
If my books appear to a reader to be oversimplified, then you shouldn't read them: You're not the audience!
I have never read any Tolstoy. I felt badly about this until I read a Bill Simmons column where he confessed that he'd never seen 'The Big Lebowski.' Simmons, it should be pointed out, has seen everything. He said that everyone needs to have skipped at least one great cultural touchstone.
My mother read me biblical stories at night.
If you think advantage lies in resources, then you think the best educational system is the one that spends the most money.
From medieval tapestries, we know that slingers were capable of hitting birds in flight. They were incredibly accurate.
Do you remember the wrestler Andre the Giant? Famous. He had acromegaly.
Rarely do we stop and consider whether the most prestigious of institutions is always in our best interest.
I grew up in southwestern Ontario in the heart of a Mennonite community. All my family are part of the Mennonite church.
All my books are optimistic!
We all assume that if you're weak and poor, you're never going to win. In fact, the real world is full of examples where the exact opposite happens, where the weak win and the strong screw up.
I've had the most untraumatic life a human being can have. But I've always been drawn to those who have had far more complicated histories.
If you're smarter than me, you shouldn't be reading my books.
I wrote my first book when I was in my late thirties.
If I was President of the United States, I'd rather be right than interesting. If I was CEO of a company, I'd rather be right than interesting. But I'm a journalist - what journalist would rather be right than interesting?
I'm a lot more interested in people than I used to be. I used to be most interested in abstract ideas, and people were an afterthought, but that's changed a bit.
I don't understand, given the constraints physicians have in doing their job and the paperwork demanded of them, why people want to be physicians. I think we've made it very, very difficult for them to perform their job. I think that's a shame.
Shallow communities are relatively easy to build.
If you are going to do something truly innovative, you have to be someone who does not value social approval. You can't need social approval to go forward. Otherwise, how would you ever do the thing that you are doing?
I remember as a kid watching one of the Olympic games, and I was cheering for a big track athlete. He was the favorite to win, and he lost. I realized in that moment the pain he felt was so much greater than the pain that those who never thought they were going to win would have felt had they lost.
All three of the great waves of nineteenth- and early-twentieth-century European immigrants to America innovated.
People in great institutions are occasionally credulous.
In the government's eyes, the Branch Davidians were a threat.
It is useful to compare the Branch Davidians with the Mormons of the mid-nineteenth century. The Mormons were vilified in those years in large part because Joseph Smith believed in polygamy.
Countless religious innovators over the years have played the game of establishing an identity for themselves by accentuating their otherness.
In cross-country skiing, athletes propel themselves over distances of ten and twenty miles - a physical challenge that places intense demands on the ability of their red blood cells to deliver oxygen to their muscles.
In cognitively demanding fields, there are no naturals. Nobody walks into an operating room straight out of a surgical rotation and does world-class neurosurgery.
The two contemporary writers whom I consider as role models are Janet Malcolm and Michael Lewis.
In my mid-adolescence, my friend Terry Martin and I became obsessed with William F. Buckley. This makes more sense when you realize that we were living in Bible Belt farming country miles from civilization. Buckley seemed impossibly exotic.
I don't think I will ever write about politics or foreign policy. I feel like there is so much good writing in those areas that I have little to add. I also like to steer clear of writing about people whom I do not personally like.
My rule is that if I interview someone, they should never read what I have to say about them and regret having given me the interview.
I don't golf. I've never golfed. I will never golf.
Many people with dyslexia truly suffer, and their lives are worse off for having had that disability.
You walk into the class in second grade. You can't read. What are you going to do if you're going to make it? You identify the smart kid. You make friends with him. You sit next to him. You grow a team around you. You delegate your work to others. You learn how to talk your way out of a tight spot.
