Argentinian,Author
It's essential not to have an ideology, not to be a member of a political party. While the writer can have certain political views, he has to be careful not to have his hands tied.
Tardiness in literature can make me nervous.
Writers are not meant for action.
Whenever I write, I'm always thinking of the reader.
What's better, a poetic intuition or an intellectual work? I think they complement each other.
What better model of a synthesis than a nocturnal dream? Dreams simplify, don't they?
We should try to understand our innermost needs. We shouldn't use irony to reduce their power.
The writer needs to react to his or her own internal universe, to his or her own point of view. If he or she doesn't have a personal point of view, it's impossible to be a creator.
The translator's task is to create, in his or her own language, the same tensions appearing in the original. That's hard!
The essayist has to follow a certain intellectual pattern. The novelist has the advantage of using fantasy, of being subjective.
Teaching is a good distraction, and I am in contact with young people, which is very gratifying.
One performs a very different act when reading a movie and when reading a novel. Your attention behaves differently.
My stories are very somber, so I think I need the comic ingredient. Besides, life has so much humor.
My pleasure was to copy, not to create.
My only fantasy about writing was that in my old days, after directing many masterpieces, I would write my memoirs.
My greatest aspiration was always to live in the tropics.
Most of the movies I saw growing up were viewed as totally disposable, fine for quick consumption, but they have survived 50 years and are still growing.
Modern American cinema seems to me superficial. The intention is to understand a certain reality, and the result is nothing but a photographing of that reality.
Kafka truly illustrates the way the environment oppresses the individual. He shows how the unconscious controls our lives.
It's my own personal unconscious that ultimately creates the novel's aesthetic facade.
It doesn't matter that the way of life shown by Hollywood was phony. It helped you hope.
Ironically, Latin American countries, in their instability, give writers and intellectuals the hope that they are needed.
In film, you can't go into analytical explorations because the audience will reject that.
In a country like France, so ancient, their history is full of outstanding people, so they carry a heavy weight on their back. Who could write in French after Proust or Flaubert?
If the novelist shares his or her problems with the characters, he or she is able to study his personal unconscious.
If it's great stuff, the people who consume it are nourished. It's a positive force.
I am very interested in what has been called bad taste. I believe the fear of displaying a soi-disant bad taste stops us from venturing into special cultural zones.
I am only interested in bad taste if I can enjoy a gruesome tango or watch a movie that makes me cry.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
Hitchcock makes it very clear to us. There's an objective and a subjective camera, like there's a third- and a first-person narrator in literature.
For someone who writes fiction, in order to activate the imagination and the unconscious, it's essential to be free.
Contrary to what Kafka does, I always like to refer all of my fictions to the level of reality, He, on the other hand, leaves them at an imaginary level.
Book reviews have never helped me. Most of them erred in their interpretations and their work has been a waste of time.
As a rule, one should never place form over content.
All of my problems are rather complicated - I need an entire novel to deal with them, not a short story or a movie. It's like a personal therapy.
