French,Author
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.
We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full.
Time passes, and little by little everything that we have spoken in falsehood becomes true.
Three-quarters of the sicknesses of intelligent people come from their intelligence. They need at least a doctor who can understand this sickness.
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time.
Illness is the doctor to whom we pay most heed; to kindness, to knowledge, we make promise only; pain we obey.
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
Love is a reciprocal torture.
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them.
We must never be afraid to go too far, for truth lies beyond.
We are able to find everything in our memory, which is like a dispensary or chemical laboratory in which chance steers our hand sometimes to a soothing drug and sometimes to a dangerous poison.
It is always during a passing state of mind that we make lasting resolutions.
A woman one loves rarely suffices for all our needs, so we deceive her with another whom we do not love.
The only real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
Every reader finds himself. The writer's work is merely a kind of optical instrument that makes it possible for the reader to discern what, without this book, he would perhaps never have seen in himself.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it.
As long as men are free to ask what they must, free to say what they think, free to think what they will, freedom can never be lost and science can never regress.
In theory one is aware that the earth revolves, but in practice one does not perceive it, the ground upon which one treads seems not to move, and one can live undisturbed. So it is with Time in one's life.
Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination.
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
Words do not change their meanings so drastically in the course of centuries as, in our minds, names do in the course of a year or two.
Everything great in the world comes from neurotics. They alone have founded our religions and composed our masterpieces.
Your soul is a dark forest. But the trees are of a particular species, they are genealogical trees.
A fashionable milieu is one in which everybody's opinion is made up of the opinion of all the others. Has everybody a different opinion? Then it is a literary milieu.
