American,Author
We all live every day in virtual environments, defined by our ideas.
I am certain there is too much certainty in the world.
Books aren't written - they're rewritten. Including your own. It is one of the hardest things to accept, especially after the seventh rewrite hasn't quite done it.
Whenever you hear the consensus of scientists agrees on something or other, reach for your wallet, because you're being had.
The characteristic human trait is not awareness but conformity, and the characteristic result is religious warfare. Other animals fight for territory or food; but, uniquely in the animal kingdom, human beings fight for their 'beliefs.'
Readers probably haven't heard much about it yet, but they will. Quantum technology turns ordinary reality upside down.
Human beings never think for themselves; they find it too uncomfortable. For the most part, members of our species simply repeat what they are told - and become upset if they are exposed to any different view.
They are focused on whether they can do something. They never think whether they should do something.
It's not easy to cut through a human head with a hacksaw.
I tended to faint when I saw accident victims in the emergency ward, during surgery, or while drawing blood.
The belief that there are other life forms in the universe is a matter of faith. There is not a single shred of evidence for any other life forms, and in forty years of searching, none has been discovered. There is absolutely no evidentiary reason to maintain this belief.
Historically, the claim of consensus has been the first refuge of scoundrels; it is a way to avoid debate by claiming that the matter is already settled.
In the information society, nobody thinks. We expect to banish paper, but we actually banish thought.
The American media produce a product of very poor quality. Its information is not reliable, it has too much chrome and glitz, its doors rattle, it breaks down almost immediately, and it's sold without warranty. It's flashy, but it's basically junk.
I want a news service that tells me what no one knows but is true nonetheless.
We are stubborn, self-destructive conformists. Any other view of our species is just a self-congratulatory delusion.
