American,Author
I generally unwind by having dinner with close friends.
We're all pilgrims on the same journey - but some pilgrims have better road maps.
It's good to stay as close to real life as you can, and then kind of dress it up.
There are Mafia families that have bought magnificent houses on the North Shore, although not yet the great estates because they don't want that kind of high profile.
If everyone howled at every injustice, every act of barbarism, every act of unkindness, then we would be taking the first step towards a real humanity.
I like the process of pencil and paper as opposed to a machine. I think the writing is better when it's done in handwriting.
Writing doesn't leave much time for hobbies, unless you consider that I began writing as a hobby and have made the hobby into a profession.
You have to go out of your way as a suspense novelist to find situations where the protagonists are somewhat helpless and in real danger.
Somehow our devils are never quite what we expect when we meet them face to face.
I've always been fascinated by the Gold Coast. The homes themselves are spectacular, unlike anything you'll see other than in Newport, Bar Harbor or Palm Beach. It's a very special area that, because of local demographics, is not going to survive much longer.
There are a lot of books about the passing of the English aristocracy, but the vast majority of Long Islanders don't understand their own backyard. It's a private preserve.
I used the pen name because I knew I wanted to write better novels under my own name someday.
I don't name sources.
Stephen King once told me he liked my writing. And that was great.
I thought to myself, what is everyone's worst fear? Nuclear terrorism in America.
I had a very strong desire to be successful at something.
I read 'Time', 'Newsweek' and 'The Economist'.
The world has gotten smaller and more accessible since I first started writing in the 70's.
There is no terra incognito left.
G.I. humor is similar to cop humor.
Even the most radical Islamic terrorist would not want to see the revered holy city of Medina go up. It would be like losing the Vatican in Rome.
Chemical and biological attacks are scary and will kill a lot of people but don't rise to the level of nuclear.
