American,Author
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be.
I am here for a purpose and that purpose is to grow into a mountain, not to shrink to a grain of sand. Henceforth will I apply ALL my efforts to become the highest mountain of all and I will strain my potential until it cries for mercy.
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Do all things with love.
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools.
Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. Go another mile!
There is an immeasurable distance between late and too late.
You never know what events are going to transpire to get you home.
I will form good habits and become their slave. And how will I accomplish this difficult feat? Through these scrolls it will be done, for each scroll contains a principle which will drive a bad habit from my life and replace it with one which will bring me closer to success.
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.
To be always intending to make a new and better life but never to find time to set about it is as to put off eating and drinking and sleeping from one day to the next until you're dead.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts.
The person who knows one thing and does it better than anyone else, even if it only be the art of raising lentils, receives the crown he merits. If he raises all his energy to that end, he is a benefactor of mankind and its rewarded as such.
To do anything truly worth doing, I must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in with gusto and scramble through as well as I can.
It is those who concentrates on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality.
