American,Author
If we choose to walk into a forest where a tiger lives, we are taking a chance. If we swim in a river where crocodiles live, we are taking a chance. If we visit the desert or climb a mountain or enter a swamp where snakes have managed to survive, we are taking a chance.
If man doesn't learn to treat the oceans and the rain forest with respect, man will become extinct.
We provoke a shark every time we enter the water where sharks happen to be, for we forget: The ocean is not our territory - it's theirs.
We do not just fear our predators, we are transfixed by them. We are prone to weave stories and fables and chat endlessly about them.
It is not that I don't have a fear of sharks, it is that I have a respect for them, so that I know any more than if I were to go into the jungle, I would have a fear of tigers, that I would try to lower the odds.
Without sharks, you take away the apex predator of the ocean, and you destroy the entire food chain.
I don't think there's such a thing as an unprovoked shark attack.
In a deeply tribal sense, we love our monsters, and I think that is the key to it right there. It is monsters; it is learning about them: it is both thrill and safety. You can think of them without being desperately afraid because they are not going to come into your living room and eat you. That is 'Jaws.'
Fascinations breeds preparedness, and preparedness, survival.
We should be afraid of sharks half as much as sharks should be afraid of us.
We are already perilously close to killing off the top of the oceanic food chain - with catastrophic consequences that we can't begin to imagine. Let us not, in the heat of anger, reduce the already devastated population of great white sharks by one more member.
Sharks don't target human beings, and they certainly don't hold grudges.
I believe implicitly that every young man in the world is fascinated with either sharks or dinosaurs.
I dive as much as I can.
I hope that 'Jaws' will have brought sharks into the public interest at a time when we desperately need to reevaluate our care for the environment.
If you're young and wild, you tend to believe your clippings. One day you're Hemingway. The next day you're nothing.
Twenty-five years ago nobody knew much about white sharks.
I read very widely, both non-fiction and fiction, so I don't think there's a single writer who influences me.
Reputations rise and fall almost as regularly as the tides.
Writing is sweat and drudgery most of the time. And you have to love it in order to endure the solitude and the discipline.
I don't believe in blaming inanimate objects for anything.
I'm a babe in the woods when it comes to the Internet.
I guess I'm a hopeful optimist, because to be a pessimist is to be suicidal.
Since writing JAWS, I've been lucky enough to do close to forty television shows about wildlife in the oceans, and yes, I have been attacked by sea creatures once in a while.
I've never been hurt by a sea creature, except for jellyfish and sea urchins.
Without the oceans there would be no life on Earth.
