Indian,Author
I keep saying my books don't have superheroes. They have ordinary people in extraordinary situations.
A thriller needs to hold the interest of the reader from the very beginning. It needs to engage with them, hold them in rapt attention, and prevent them from putting down the book.
It is almost impossible to win back a reader's loyalty once it's gone.
For 'The Bestseller'... there was hardly any research, but I had to give each person a quirk and develop their stories so that it would relate to who they are.
When you write, you put your thoughts in the public space. You get both positive and negative feedback.
You need to be the CEO of your own book.
A profession which is seen as intellectually glamorous is often the most misunderstood when it comes to the commerce involved.
When 'If God Was a Banker' became a success, it changed my entire perspective. I wanted to write more and wanted to be lot more successful as a writer.
I enjoy writing and promoting my books. I enjoy the feedback. But all this is because I don't depend on it commercially. I don't need that money. I have a career.
You don't have to be a criminal to write about fraud!
The royalty any author gets is dependent on his track record and marketability and often on the price of his book, too. The higher you price a book, the more comfortable your publisher will be in paying you a higher royalty.
I have a day job where I make money and satisfy my self-esteem. Writing is for fun, and I want to keep it that way.
I've always wanted to write, but coming from a small-town background - I was born and brought up in Ludhiana - you think you're not the kind of literary person who will write books that will sell. There was always a kind of defensiveness in me.
I had, at a point in time, decided not to write on the corporate world. But if people expect me to set stories in a work environment, then why go away from it?
In Indian companies, people aren't too worried about the pace of growth as long as you're setting up a business which will survive for years.
The opportunity to create wealth in foreign banks exists only in the investment banking space. Working in a local company teaches you to think long term.
If evil wins in a Bollywood film, it is bound to flop. A lot of people here want to change society, so they like to read about it being changed. And that means good usually triumphs.
In India, we don't read thrillers; we read authors.
I find writing to be a great stress-buster.
If I did not have a de-stresser such as writing novels, I would lose focus at work.
One can become drab, dull, and boring doing the same thing every day. Writing helps break the monotony.
To make time for writing, one has to take time out from somewhere. Obviously, a fair amount of time that you spend with the family gets compromised. But my family has been very understanding and supportive.
I'm probably one of the few authors in this country who could very comfortably live off my writing.
An author needs to be in the market. He or she needs to come out with a new book every year. That keeps you alive in the public mind and gives a push to your older books.
The first draft is usually junk. You have to work on it seven to eight times.
If you have sold the film rights to somebody, take your money and leave. If the producers need you, they will call you. But you have to be careful about who you are selling your book to, and ensure that it is not tampered with.
Saying 'I am not interested in politics' is no guarantee that people will leave you alone. The politically-inclined will single you out as a soft target and go after you.
I cannot write in isolation. I write with people around me.
I feel as long as people enjoy what they read and learn something more, I have done my job as a writer.
I do not think I will ever write screenplays based on my books. I would not know what to cut out and what portions to keep. I like all the characters I have created. I cannot imagine chopping them off.
Most writers write from their own experiences. That is where the honesty and intensity of emotions come from.
If somebody says that they want to write a book but do not know what to write about, they will never write a book.
Write something that you are comfortable with. Do not venture into something that you do not want to write about, because gradually, your discomfort with the subject will begin to show.
For me, writing is fun. The day I quit my job and take up writing full time, writing will become just another job. A commercial necessity.
A misconception that exists in the eyes of the general reading population is that authors make truckloads of money.
There's a market for fiction based on financial services. People wanted me to write stories based on this sector. There's a gap in the market, and I'm trying to fill it.
Thousands of books are published every year in India, and it's becoming more difficult to stand out and get people to buy the books. The only way to get people notice the book is to create a buzz much before it's released.
My favourite authors are John Grisham and Jeffrey Archer. Grisham rapidly established himself and now completely owns the legal space of fiction writing, something I want to do in financial space. I like Archer because he keeps his readers engaged: every chapter is a page turner, and he keeps his writing simple.
If you see in all my books, I have two key intentions. One is obviously to entertain and make sure that the reader has a good reading experience. I also try to write on subjects that nobody has dealt with before to make my works different from other page turners.
If there is one currency that helped Wikileaks take on the might of the U.S. Government, it was Bitcoins.
I would like to implore all the governments of the world to come together to form a protocol to regulate virtual currency.
When James Bond presses the watch and the car explodes, the writer doesn't go into the science of it. One should leave it to the leap of faith. I have tried to explain as much as possible, and what I can't, I have left it to people's imagination.
People take shortcuts to meet ends in MNCs.
Corporate career is like my wife, and writing is my girlfriend. My priority is the first but enjoy doing the second, as I have taken to writing as a stress-beater.
Any author gets inspired by the experiences and events that happen to him or his immediate circle. While that's where the seed or the idea germinates, by the end of the story, it accounts for hardly anything in the book.
I write about banking because it is something I'm familiar with. Also, I don't have to do much research on it.
With thrillers, I tend to concentrate on the research and pace more than the characters.
The problem with most of the want-to-be authors is that they are unable to focus. Either they have no idea of where to begin, or they have hundreds of ideas and don't know which one to pick. Both scenarios leading to one result... they give up even before they start.
As authors, we know that it is very difficult to unleash one's creativity.
There were many times in my initial days as a writer when I had felt the need to talk to someone, to leverage on someone's experience, to learn from someone who had written and published a book.
I must say that books in India are not only underpriced but are also undervalued.
Writing in India will not dramatically change till we learn to value books.
It's not research if you're really interested in what you're reading.
After my first book, many of my readers came back to tell me that the female characters I had created were not strong enough. I have consciously rectified that in my next four books. In any case, it's true that women run the world, and men would do better to listen to them!
I will do everything in my power to keep my readers.
A bookstore has thousands of titles to sell. You need to be the guy the store attendant recommends to the reader.
I look at every book as a new learning opportunity.
The distribution might which Penguin brought to the table and the stature they gave me as an author is unparalleled.
As long as youngsters learn the right things, it really doesn't matter where they learn it from.
Writing with a film in mind - writing like a screenplay - is a sureshot recipe for disaster.
I believe if you've written a book, you have to stand up and say, 'Guys, buy the book.'
People think writing is a very distinguished, cerebral thing, where all you do is write. It doesn't work that way. People have to see online promotions, see piles of your book in stores, and you have to make sure the guy recommends it!
Most MBA graduates are hungry for intellectual glamour.
I can write in my living room with my wife and kid around.
To me, a good storyteller should be able to tell stories across genres.
Books should be both enlightening and entertaining.
My preferred genre of reading is crime thrillers - books by Harlan Coben, Jo Nesbo, David Baldacci, James Patterson, Ashwin Sanghi and a few others - and I write crime thrillers.
I read almost everything that comes my way.
I am not a great fan of serious, heavy writing. I prefer simple, short sentences, light on prose.
I am very adventurous with authors, but not very with genres.
I get to office early at about 8 A.M., and I'm back home by 6 to write.
I write largely plot-driven stories.
I'm an executive director at a company which gives out retail loans.
