Irish,Author
All men should have a drop of treason in their veins, if nations are not to go soft like so many sleepy pears.
I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat.
Life ought to be a struggle of desire toward adventures whose nobility will fertilize the soul.
Any authentic work of art must start an argument between the artist and his audience.
Mr. James Joyce is a great man who is entirely without taste.
There is no logical reason why the camel of great art should pass through the needle of mob intelligence.
Journalism: an ability to meet the challenge of filling the space.
God forbid that any book should be banned. The practice is as indefensible as infanticide.
Great music is in a sense serene; it is certain of the values it asserts.
Did St. Francis preach to the birds? Whatever for? If he really liked birds he would have done better to preach to the cats.
He is every other inch a gentleman.
The main difference between men and women is that men are lunatics and women are idiots.
People call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat or a prostitute.
Before a war military science seems a real science, like astronomy; but after a war it seems more like astrology.
The memory, experiencing and re-experiencing, has such power over one's mere personal life, that one has merely lived.
The trouble about man is twofold. He cannot learn truths which are too complicated; he forgets truths which are too simple.
A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned things is ample.
A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over the dark places of life, cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere.
It is the soul's duty to be loyal to its own desires. It must abandon itself to its master passion.
Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth about his or her love affairs.
I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat or a prostitute.
Everyone realizes that one can believe little of what people say about each other. But it is not so widely realized that even less can one trust what people say about themselves.
It is always one's virtues and not one's vices that precipitate one into disaster.
Writing has nothing to do with communication between person and person, only with communication between different parts of a person's mind.
I write books to find out about things.
Humanity is never more sphinxlike than when it is expressing itself.
