American,Author
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you.
Solitude is not the same as loneliness. Solitude is a solitary boat floating in a sea of possible companions.
Play fair. Don't hit people. Say you're sorry when you hurt somebody.
Be aware of wonder. Live a balanced life - learn some and think some and draw and paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some.
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
The solution to alone-ness is not more solitude, but companionship and community.
All I really need to know... I learned in kindergarten.
It will be a great day when our schools have all the money they need, and our air force has to have a bake-sale to buy a bomber.
The examined life is no picnic.
Patterns of repetition govern each day, week, year, and lifetime. 'Personal habits' is one term we use to describe the most common of these repeated patterns. But I say these habits are sacred because they give deliberate structure to our lives. Structure gives us a sense of security. And that sense of security is the ground of meaning.
I fear the boredom that comes with not learning and not taking chances.
The world does not need tourists who ride by in a bus clucking their tongues. The world as it is needs those who will love it enough to change it, with what they have, where they are.
If you want an interesting party sometime, combine cocktails and a fresh box of crayons for everyone.
The winding down of summer puts me in a heavy philosophical mood.
Children are sent to school to be civilized, to learn to be part of the social enterprise.
My goal now is to dance all the dances as long as I can, and then to sit down contented after the last elegant tango some sweet night and pass on because there wasn't another dance left in me.
'Who do you think you are?' That's the big one, isn't it? A flourishing life depends on how you answer that.
Sticks and stones will break our bones, but words will break our hearts.
To be human is to keep rattling the bars of the cage of existence, hollering, 'What's it for?'
Weddings seem to be magnets for mishap and for whatever craziness lurks in family closets. In more ways than one, weddings bring out the ding-dong in everybody involved.
Clean up your own mess.
On a very local scale, a refrigerator is the center of the universe. On the inside is food essential to life, and on the outside of the door is a summary of the life events of the household.
My secret agenda is to convey my values to my kids.
You are free to give life meaning, whatever meaning you want to give it.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
