American,Author
Visualize this thing that you want, see it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blue print, and begin to build.
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.
You have to sow before you can reap. You have to give before you can get.
People blame their environment. There is only one person to blame - and only one - themselves.
Most of us, swimming against the tides of trouble the world knows nothing about, need only a bit of praise or encouragement - and we will make the goal.
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed.
Our subconscious minds have no sense of humor, play no jokes and cannot tell the difference between reality and an imagined thought or image. What we continually think about eventually will manifest in our lives.
All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money.
Take the first step, and your mind will mobilize all its forces to your aid. But the first essential is that you begin. Once the battle is startled, all that is within and without you will come to your assistance.
Start where you are. Distant fields always look greener, but opportunity lies right where you are. Take advantage of every opportunity of service.
In every adversity there lies the seed of an equivalent advantage. In every defeat is a lesson showing you how to win the victory next time.
If you procrastinate when faced with a big difficult problem... break the problem into parts, and handle one part at a time.
Constant repetition carries conviction.
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment.
You cannot hold on to anything good. You must be continually giving - and getting. You cannot hold on to your seed. You must sow it - and reap anew. You cannot hold on to riches. You must use them and get other riches in return.
Every contrivance of man, every tool, every instrument, every utensil, every article designed for use, of each and every kind, evolved from a very simple beginnings.
It is your work to clear away the mass of encumbering material of thoughts, so that you may bring into plain view the precious thing at the center of the mass.
Vision - It reaches beyond the thing that is, into the conception of what can be. Imagination gives you the picture. Vision gives you the impulse to make the picture your own.
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself.
If you don't make things happen then things will happen to you.
The source and center of all man's creative power... is his power of making images, or the power of imagination.
The first essentials, of course, is to know what you want.
Make every thought, every fact, that comes into your mind pay you a profit. Make it work and produce for you. Think of things not as they are but as they might be. Don't merely dream - but create!
See the things you want as already yours. Think of them as yours, as belonging to you, as already in your possession.
Faith is the confidence, the assurance, the enforcing truth, the knowing.
Any thought that is passed on to the subconscious often enough and convincingly enough is finally accepted.
