Scottish,Author
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
Admiration of great men, living or dead, naturally evokes imitation of them in a greater or less degree.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Work is one of the best educators of practical character.
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success; for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
He who never made a mistake, never made a discovery.
An intense anticipation itself transforms possibility into reality; our desires being often but precursors of the things which we are capable of performing.
Idleness of the mind is much worse than that of the body: wit, without employment, is a disease - the rust of the soul, a plague, a hell itself.
The very greatest things - great thoughts, discoveries, inventions - have usually been nurtured in hardship, often pondered over in sorrow, and at length established with difficulty.
Enthusiasm... the sustaining power of all great action.
The spirit of self-help is the root of all genuine growth in the individual.
A place for everything, and everything in its place.
Labour may be a burden and a chastisement, but it is also an honour and a glory. Without it, nothing can be accomplished.
Man cannot aspire if he looked down; if he rise, he must look up.
The work of many of the greatest men, inspired by duty, has been done amidst suffering and trial and difficulty. They have struggled against the tide, and reached the shore exhausted.
Men must necessarily be the active agents of their own well-being and well-doing they themselves must in the very nature of things be their own best helpers.
Labor is still, and ever will be, the inevitable price set upon everything which is valuable.
We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success. We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.
Life will always be to a large extent what we ourselves make it.
Simple honesty of purpose in a man goes a long way in life, if founded on a just estimate of himself and a steady obedience to the rule he knows and feels to be right.
I'm as happy a man as any in the world, for the whole world seems to smile upon me!
It is energy - the central element of which is will - that produces the miracle that is enthusiasm in all ages. Everywhere it is what is called force of character and the sustaining power of all great action.
The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning; whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom.
Wisdom and understanding can only become the possession of individual men by travelling the old road of observation, attention, perseverance, and industry.
