Author
The trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
People think that I must be a very strange person. This is not correct. I have the heart of a small boy. It is in a glass jar on my desk.
Life is like a wheel. Sooner or later, it always come around to where you started again.
Let's face it. No kid in high school feels as though they fit in.
The most important things are the hardest things to say. They are the things you get ashamed of because words diminish your feelings - words shrink things that seem timeless when they are in your head to no more than living size when they are brought out.
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones.
The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there... and still on your feet.
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
Only enemies speak the truth; friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.
The devil's voice is sweet to hear.
Every book you pick up has its own lesson or lessons, and quite often the bad books have more to teach than the good ones.
And as a writer, one of the things that I've always been interested in doing is actually invading your comfort space. Because that's what we're supposed to do. Get under your skin, and make you react.
When asked, 'How do you write?' I invariably answer, 'one word at a time.'
French is the language that turns dirt into romance.
You can't deny laughter; when it comes, it plops down in your favorite chair and stays as long as it wants.
I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the reader. But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out. I'm not proud.
If you don't have the time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write.
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.'
God is cruel. Sometimes he makes you live.
I love crime, I love mysteries, and I love ghosts.
I guess when you turn off the main road, you have to be prepared to see some funny houses.
If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot. There's no way around these two things that I'm aware of, no shortcut.
I was in enough to get along with people. I was never socially inarticulate. Not a loner. And that saved my life, saved my sanity. That and the writing. But to this day I distrust anybody who thought school was a good time. Anybody.
We like to think about how smart we are. But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, it's all there, at least the basic elements of it. You can't change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed.
I love the movies, and when I go to see a movie that's been made from one of my books, I know that it isn't going to be exactly like my novel because a lot of other people have interpreted it. But I also know it has an idea that I'll like because that idea occurred to me, and I spent a year, or a year and a half of my life working on it.
After the 9/11 apocalypse happened in New York City, people, particularly New Yorkers, who breathed in the ash, or saw the results of that, have a tendency to keep seeing echoes and having flashbacks to it.
No, it's not a very good story - its author was too busy listening to other voices to listen as closely as he should have to the one coming from inside.
We've switched from a culture that was interested in manufacturing, economics, politics - trying to play a serious part in the world - to a culture that's really entertainment-based.
I can remember being home from school with tonsillitis and writing stories in bed to pass the time.
But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, it's all there, at least the basic elements of it. You can't change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed.
That's something that is almost accidental at the beginning of a career, but the more you write, the more trained you are to recognize the little signals.
I never saw any of my dad's stories. My mother said he had piles and piles of manuscripts.
We're news junkies in my house.
But I think there are a set of experiences that turn a potential writer into a working writer, and then there are places in your life were you start to recognize what you want to do.
