American,Author
Caring - about people, about things, about life - is an act of maturity.
I'm a blunt person, not mean-spirited. I come from a place of love, but I'm interested in being real.
Women with low self-esteem love bad boys. Women who have work to do love bad boys. Women who love themselves love good men.
Here's the thing: you're not really ready for love until you have enough self-respect that if you met your exact self, but in a guy, you would totally, completely, absolutely want to be with him.
I feel that as long as you're honest, you have the opportunity to grow. It's when you shut down, go into denial, and try to start hiding things from yourself and others, that's when you lock in certain behaviors and attitudes that keep you stuck.
Is our desire for partnership just an evolutionary remainder, a Togetherness Delusion, where millions of women only think they need a relationship to be truly happy? Maybe. But you know what? That's fine with me.
I talk to women for a living. It's pretty much what I do with my day.
Being all about me is not a good thing - I don't care what 1978 tried to say - because as long as you mostly think about yourself, you're not going to be a wonderful person. You're just not.
For every year past the age of 27, you need to take another step toward commitment somewhere in your life. Instead of freelancing, you get a staff job. Instead of renting, you buy. Fine, instead of couch-surfing, you rent.
Ask anyone who has been in a love relationship for a while: nothing is perfect.
You can't trick The Universe - it's like Santa Claus that way.
There is no such thing as 'getting' a guy, house and kids. There is only surrendering to them.
I've been standing at water coolers for the past thirty years talking to women about their love lives, and here's what I've learned: Eventually, most women I know want to be partnered.
Though it's safe to say there are a whole lotta American gals who agree with the core ideals of feminism, they are somehow nevertheless watching 'Say Yes to the Dress' by the millions.
Rather than diminishing the idea of 'truly needing' a relationship - and trying to deny it, shame it, or talk ourselves out of it - why not just celebrate it? It's exactly what the world needs.
A sure-fire way to know you're crazy is if more than one person has told you you'd be great on a reality show - and you agree with them.
Yes, I have 'failed' at marriage - a lot.
Sometime between when the Summer of Love ended and the Summer of Sam began, America became a nation of cynics about love.
Somehow, married or single, we'd rather anesthetize ourselves with love substitutes than go for the real thing, because let's face it: The real thing is pretty scary.
Being in a relationship is a hard, painful slog at least once a week, maybe more often - especially if you have a lot of defenses to let down, or if your parents didn't know how to love you very well.
All of us, consciously or unconsciously, set out to have the best possible love life. Valentine's Day simply shines a light on the degree to which that didn't - or hasn't yet - materialized.
I was, for some reason, born knowing how to get married.
Without really trying to, I've become a sort of jailhouse lawyer of relationships - someone who's had to do so much work on her own case that I can now help you with yours.
The deal is: most men just want to marry someone who is nice to them.
If you're not married, chances are you think a lot about you.
Putting my words piece online was an important part of my plan to help women learn how to love themselves and have a better life.
