American,Author
A major theme in all my books is that the CIA is not only the first line of defense but they should also be the first line of offense.
A good football team plays offense and defense. You have to be aggressive and disrupt.
My doctors warned me repeatedly that if you don't stay positive, you don't do well.
I'm a bit of a Libertarian.
I just look at what's going on in the world.
It's what every writer needs: a daybed.
I'm a big believer in free enterprise. If people want to try it, then go for it.
I have been blessed to have the same editor and work for a great publishing house.
There's a lot more to publishing a book than writing it and slapping a cover on it.
I think the more avenues that open up when people want to publish, the better. Some of the authors that want to jump ship from the traditional houses and go on their own, you know what? Good luck. It's going to be a lot tougher than you think.
No matter how bad you think you have it, there's always - always somebody who's got it way, way worse.
One of the most talented writers out there is Brian Haig.
Anybody who knew me growing up calls me Vinny.
When I give a lot of speeches, they're always on the fly. I mean, I know what I'm going to say roughly, but I do not - will not read.
I have such bad memories, sitting in the back of a classroom, being told, you know, everybody is going to read a paragraph, and skipping ahead to my paragraph and being mortified and trying to read it enough times so that I wouldn't stutter and stammer, getting called on, even in high school.
It's this upside-down world that we live in where we afford political correctness to the most intolerant group of individuals on the planet.
And when I go around and talk to schools, what I tell the kids are, first of all, you have to accept each other's differences. Some of you are going to be a crappy football player, some of you are going to be a great mathematician. Whatever it is, accept each other's differences and help prop each other up.
