British,Author
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
Language is wine upon the lips.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
Life is not a series of gig lamps symmetrically arranged; life is a luminous halo, a semi-transparent envelope surrounding us from the beginning of consciousness to the end.
Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Fiction is like a spider's web, attached ever so slightly perhaps, but still attached to life at all four corners. Often the attachment is scarcely perceptible.
A good essay must have this permanent quality about it; it must draw its curtain round us, but it must be a curtain that shuts us in not out.
I thought how unpleasant it is to be locked out; and I thought how it is worse, perhaps, to be locked in.
Women have served all these centuries as looking glasses possessing the power of reflecting the figure of man at twice its natural size.
It is fatal to be a man or woman pure and simple: one must be a woman manly, or a man womanly.
For most of history, Anonymous was a woman.
Who shall measure the hat and violence of the poet's heart when caught and tangled in a woman's body?
The beauty of the world, which is so soon to perish, has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.
I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past.
Masterpieces are not single and solitary births; they are the outcome of many years of thinking in common, of thinking by the body of the people, so that the experience of the mass is behind the single voice.
As a woman I have no country. As a woman my country is the whole world.
Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious; the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.
Each has his past shut in him like the leaves of a book known to him by his heart, and his friends can only read the title.
Mental fight means thinking against the current, not with it. It is our business to puncture gas bags and discover the seeds of truth.
The eyes of others our prisons; their thoughts our cages.
The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness.
It is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.
Someone has to die in order that the rest of us should value life more.
Where the Mind is biggest, the Heart, the Senses, Magnanimity, Charity, Tolerance, Kindliness, and the rest of them scarcely have room to breathe.
On the outskirts of every agony sits some observant fellow who points.
When the shriveled skin of the ordinary is stuffed out with meaning, it satisfies the senses amazingly.
It is the nature of the artist to mind excessively what is said about him. Literature is strewn with the wreckage of men who have minded beyond reason the opinions of others.
It seems as if an age of genius must be succeeded by an age of endeavour; riot and extravagance by cleanliness and hard work.
Nothing has really happened until it has been recorded.
If we help an educated man's daughter to go to Cambridge are we not forcing her to think not about education but about war? - not how she can learn, but how she can fight in order that she might win the same advantages as her brothers?
That great Cathedral space which was childhood.
Really I don't like human nature unless all candied over with art.
We can best help you to prevent war not by repeating your words and following your methods but by finding new words and creating new methods.
Almost any biographer, if he respects facts, can give us much more than another fact to add to our collection. He can give us the creative fact; the fertile fact; the fact that suggests and engenders.
I was in a queer mood, thinking myself very old: but now I am a woman again - as I always am when I write.
If you insist upon fighting to protect me, or 'our' country, let it be understood soberly and rationally between us that you are fighting to gratify a sex instinct which I cannot share; to procure benefits where I have not shared and probably will not share.
It is far more difficult to murder a phantom than a reality.
I read the book of Job last night, I don't think God comes out well in it.
This is an important book, the critic assumes, because it deals with war. This is an insignificant book because it deals with the feelings of women in a drawing-room.
Yet it is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.
The poet gives us his essence, but prose takes the mold of the body and mind.
The connection between dress and war is not far to seek; your finest clothes are those you wear as soldiers.
We are nauseated by the sight of trivial personalities decomposing in the eternity of print.
I want the concentration and the romance, and the worlds all glued together, fused, glowing: have no time to waste any more on prose.
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty, and the feeble wrong because of weakness.
The older one grows, the more one likes indecency.
I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
You send a boy to school in order to make friends - the right sort.
Indeed, I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
Great bodies of people are never responsible for what they do.
For what Harley Street specialist has time to understand the body, let alone the mind or both in combination, when he is a slave to thirteen thousand a year?
There is much to support the view that it is clothes that wear us, and not we, them; we may make them take the mould of arm or breast, but they mould our hearts, our brains, our tongues to their liking.
A masterpiece is something said once and for all, stated, finished, so that it's there complete in the mind, if only at the back.
If one could be friendly with women, what a pleasure - the relationship so secret and private compared with relations with men. Why not write about it truthfully?
To depend upon a profession is a less odious form of slavery than to depend upon a father.
It's not catastrophes, murders, deaths, diseases, that age and kill us; it's the way people look and laugh, and run up the steps of omnibuses.
There can be no two opinions as to what a highbrow is. He is the man or woman of thoroughbred intelligence who rides his mind at a gallop across country in pursuit of an idea.
