English,Author
Never was a faithful prayer lost. Some prayers have a longer voyage than others, but then they return with their richer lading at last, so that the praying soul is a gainer by waiting for an answer.
Godliness, as well as the doctrine of our faith, is a mystery.
It is not only our duty to pray for others, but also to desire the prayers of others for ourselves.
The devil had as good have let Paul alone, for he no sooner comes into prison but he falls a preaching, at which the gates of Satan's prison fly open, and poor sinners come forth.
Mercy should make us ashamed, wrath afraid to sin.
Humble souls are fearful of their own strength.
And while God had work for Paul, he found him friends both in court and prison. Let persecutors send saints to prison, God can provide a keeper for their turn.
Justifying faith is not a naked assent to the truths of the gospel.
God's wounds cure, sin's kisses kill.
The soldier is summoned to a life of active duty and so is the Christian.
In heaven we shall appear, not in armour, but in robes of glory. But here these are to be worn night and day; we must walk, work, and sleep in them, or else we are not true soldiers of Christ.
Humility is a necessary veil to all other graces.
Compare Scripture with Scripture. False doctrines, like false witnesses, agree not among themselves.
Great comforts do, indeed, bear witness to the truth of thy grace, but not to the degree of it; the weak child is oftener in the lap than the strong one.
The Christian must trust in a withdrawing God.
We have peace with God as soon as we believe, but not always with ourselves. The pardon may be past the prince's hand and seal, and yet not put into the prisoner's hand.
Let your hope of heaven master your fear of death.
All the plots of hell and commotions on earth have not so much as shaken God's hand to spoil one letter or line he has been drawing.
God hath made it a debt which one saint owes to another to carry their names to a throne of grace.
The sins of teachers are the teachers of sin.
Compare not thyself with those that have less than thyself, but look on those that have far exceeded thee.
The grace thou hast will soon be less, if thou addest not more to it.
Christ bears with the saints' imperfections; well may the saints one with another.
Of all creatures in this visible world, light is the most glorious; of all light, the light of the sun without compare excels the rest.
Men are what they see and judge; though some do not fill up their light, yet none go beyond it.
