Canadian,Author
Words are much better at relating emotions and thoughts.
How do you live with evil? Art is traditionally - certainly with my secular background - the answer, but art is very self-referential, whereas religion claims to go beyond the bounds of human existence.
I'm looking at a dead event and trying to give it new life. In a sense, I'm a taxidermist.
I'm not a consumer. I hate buying clothes. I don't have a mobile. I just don't need things. I don't like things.
I can't live for more than four years outside of Canada. I'm Canadian, so ultimately that is my reference point.
Books are something social - a writer speaking to a reader - so I think making the reading of a book the center of a social event, the meeting of a book club, is a brilliant idea.
I find that movies tend to fix the aesthetics of a story in people's minds.
A movie is so visually powerful, so overwhelming, that it tends to crowd out how you might have imagined things.
Cinema is visually powerful, it is a complete experience, reaches a different audience. It's something I really like. I like movies.
The language of prose is very different than the language of cinema, so the movie has to successfully translate what was in the book.
You can't quantify human pain the way you can measure out sugar. Death comes one individual at a time.
In all big cities the style of life is the same. Same endless array of restaurants; same big museums with the usual suspects; same anonymity, which can be thrilling when you're young but which I found got tiresome.
May books spread the world over!
Music moves me - duh - and that is like having a window opening on a heightened reality, but the effect is fleeting: When the music ends, the magic, the uplifting, vanishes and the window slams shut. Words, on the other hand, by the nature of how they work, emotions evoked by dint of carefully laid out thoughts, have a more lingering effect.
My next book - each one while I'm working on it - dances in my mind and thrills me at every turn. If it didn't, why would I write it?
It's true, too, that I'm tired of using books as political bullets and grenades. Books are too precious and wonderful to be used for long in such a fashion.
A movie will do in one second, with one image, what it will take a novelist at least a page to describe.
Cinema is incredibly concise.
Words aren't very good at describing complicated, strange visual things. You can try, and the reader will have some sort of image in their mind, but words aren't good at that.
The moral of a fable is eternal. The moral of a story is temporary to a story.
If I didn't have children, I think my life would be a failure.
I write slowly.
Most of us get our history through story.
Every book I've written has been a different attempt to understand something, and the success or failure of the previous one is irrelevant. I write the book I want.
If a film project were available and the timing was right, I might be interested.
'Life of Pi' was actually a very simple novel to write.
