Jamaican,Publisher
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds!
With confidence, you have won before you have started.
The Black skin is not a badge of shame, but rather a glorious symbol of national greatness.
Real men laugh at opposition; real men smile when enemies appear.
God and Nature first made us what we are, and then out of our own created genius we make ourselves what we want to be. Follow always that great law. Let the sky and God be our limit and Eternity our measurement.
Look for me in the whirlwind or the storm.
Up, you mighty race, accomplish what you will.
I have no desire to take all black people back to Africa; there are blacks who are no good here and will likewise be no good there.
Progress is the attraction that moves humanity.
If the enemy could only know that Marcus Garvey is but a John the Baptist in the wilderness, that a greater and more dangerous Marcus Garvey is yet to appear, the Garvey with whom you will have to reckon for the injustice of the present generation.
There shall be no solution to this race problem until you, yourselves, strike the blow for liberty.
The enemies are not so much from without as from within the race.
Chance has never yet satisfied the hope of a suffering people.
Whatsoever things common to man, that man has done, man can do.
Africa for the Africans... at home and abroad!
Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men.
We welcome the opposition of the world, because we are determined to see the battle through. Africa's battle-cry is not yet heard.
A reading man and woman is a ready man and woman, but a writing man and woman is exact.
Ethiopia shall once more arise from the ashes of material ruin to the heights of temporal glory.
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.
We see a new Ethiopia, a new Africa, stretching her hands of influence throughout the world, teaching man the way of life and peace, The Way to God.
Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa.
You may call me a Klansman if you will, but, potentially, every white man is a Klansman, as far as the Negro in competition with whites socially, economically and politically is concerned, and there is no use lying.
I know no national boundary where the Negro is concerned. The whole world is my province until Africa is free.
