English,Businessman
I don't make enemies, it's just I'm not afraid to speak my mind, which can sometimes mean people don't like what I am saying.
Once you decide to work for yourself, you never go back to work for somebody else.
The entrepreneurial instinct is in you. You can't learn it, you can't buy it, you can't put it in a bottle. It's just there and it comes out.
You can't stop people printing what they want to print.
I have always been an honest trader. I come from a school of traders where there was honour in the deal. No contracts, just a handshake and that's it, done. That's the way I prefer to do business but it's not always possible these days, sadly.
If you lock me in the room with a piano teacher for a year I might be able to knock out a rendition of 'Roll Out The Barrel,' but will I ever be a concert pianist? No.
Not everybody needs to go to university; they can get out and start working straight away.
Money is all right but once you have it you learn it's not the be all and end all.
You've got to admire Sir Richard Branson. He is a completely different style of businessman to me, but you have got to admire what he has achieved.
I believe employment regulations for women, whereby the prospective employer is not able to inquire about the interviewee's status regarding children, childcare, or indeed their intention of becoming a parent, are counterproductive.
I came from a socially deprived background when I was 15, 16 years old, but one thing I knew was one - you don't abuse a policeman, and two - you don't steal things.
I don't like paying 50 per cent of tax.
When I was a kid, a policeman was someone you looked up to and respected.
Among some of the youngsters, I think reality TV has installed that culture into them and inspired a few of them into wanting to be 'TV celebrities.'
Nobody can honestly say that they never lie.
The only people whose opinions I worry about are my wife, my children, and my employees.
My mother was a housewife. My father was a garment worker.
I'm a commercial person, not an academic.
Well, it's not hard to be number one entertaining Jew. Some of them are quite bleeding bloody miserable, really.
I don't like this young crudeness now which is supposed to be comedy on Friday nights.
I like to keep fit.
I like things in their proper places.
I like to be a very fair person.
I am tired of hustling.
I'm not that hands-on as a grandfather.
Why work when you can fill out a few forms and get paid for doing nothing?
