Scottish,Businessman
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.
You cannot push any one up a ladder unless he be willing to climb a little himself.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.
The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs.
The man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled.
Concentration is my motto - first honesty, then industry, then concentration.
Every act you have ever performed since the day you were born was performed because you wanted something.
I shall argue that strong men, conversely, know when to compromise and that all principles can be compromised to serve a greater principle.
Mr. Morgan buys his partners; I grow my own.
The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.
I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution.
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted.
There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else.
The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.
I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar.
