American,Businessman
One thing I've come to learn about myself is that I have to keep going.
I didn't realize how hard it was to run a small business.
I feel like clout is something that builds up on your teeth.
Life is not about money.
Life is too short to be a boring company.
I've been very lucky, from the beginning. I've found that as long as you're fundamentally good - as long as you're not being bad to people - people give you a lot of room to be yourself, because being yourself is being honest. And that's what people want to see.
Most of the time, the things that really change the world exist for something fundamentally selfish and then the world-changing ends up being a side-effect of that.
I look at being a capitalist businessperson like riding a bike - if I go too slowly, I'll fall over. Or it's kind of like a shark: if I stop swimming, I'll just die.
Local commerce, without question, will be one of the fundamental use cases enabled by mobile devices over the next several years.
Most small business owners are not particularly sophisticated business people. That's not a criticism; they're passionate about cutting hair or cooking food, and that's why they got in the business, not because they have an MBA.
I can't predict the future.
Everybody loves a deal on a restaurant or skydiving or laser-hair removal.
I'm just not used to talking that much about myself. It feels strange.
I just like to build things and do things.
If you're open with people and provide context for the decisions that your making, customers will stick with you.
Groupon as a company - it's built into the business model - is about surprise. A new deal that surprises you every day. We've carried that over to our brand, in the writing and the marketing that we do, and in the internal corporate culture.
One of the things I realized... is how few success stories there are in websites or products or businesses that exist primarily for an altruistic purpose.
You've got to go out there and kill what you're going to eat.
In music, which was my world before, you've got thousands and thousands of years of great ideas that have already been thought of. But the internet is basically 20 years old. So you can be way stupider and still have world-changing ideas.
If I could get a deal on whatever my impulse was, whenever my impulse struck, and it was nearby, I would use that all the time. It would reshape the way that I shop.
I'm going to continue doing my thing and work my butt off to add value for shareholders and as long as they and the board see fit to keep me in this role, I feel enormously privileged to serve.
The list of companies that have added their own financial metrics is not a savory group.
There are over 2,000 direct clones of the Groupon business model. However, there's an equal amount of proof that the barriers to success are enormous. In spite of all those competitors, only a handful are remotely relevant.
If you don't have those moments where you go too far, then you're probably not going far enough.
I find myself using the word 'executives' now.
I think I was probably that kid in the neighborhood who you could expect once or twice a year to be knocking on your door trying to sell you something stupid.
