American,Businessman
Political correctness - the rigging of politics using different rules for different groups, and buttressed by the media - ensures that Democrats always have the upper hand.
Liberalism has never been about establishing a universal standard. Liberalism is simply intellectual cover for those wanting to gain political power and increase the size of the state.
I deal with gay and black conservatives who don't want to be called Uncle Toms of their politically correct Marxist multi-cultural unit structure. And they come to me saying, 'What can I do?' And I say, 'Lay low.'
As long as it is supported by Democratic politicians and by liberal Hollywood players, censorship is a useful tool to stifle dissent.
Women's Studies, Queer Studies, African-American Studies, and Chicano Studies all produce culturally acceptable separatist and supremacy mind-sets and countenance movements that resemble those of white supremacists.
There's nothing in this country that is a worse accusation - in America, if you accuse somebody of racism, that person has to disprove that.
If you go into an academic institution with a clean slate, you are very likely to come out a liberal. That is a huge problem.
My long-held fear is that Mr. Obama is hiding something about his education. During the endless 2008 campaign, Mr. Obama would not release his college grades. Given that President George W. Bush and Sens. Al Gore and John Kerry all had proved mediocre grades were no impediment to a presidential bid, Mr. Obama likely had other concerns.
I'm not up for changing the Tenth Amendment or the Fourteenth Amendment, the First Amendment or the Second Amendment.
I get stopped by people on the Upper West Side of Manhattan - actors, directors, people that I revere - who are closet conservatives who feel the same way but can't speak out. And they think I am fighting for them so they can come out of the closet eventually and express themselves without worrying about losing their jobs.
I am righteous and righteously indignant, the Tea Party is righteously indignant, and our goal is to not just save the country, but quite frankly, if America goes, so goes the world, so in our desire to save the country, we are trying to save the world.
We just assumed that Walter Cronkite was unbiased. In hindsight, it is clear that Walter Cronkite was biased and that he used feigned objectivity as the cudgel to change the American narrative from being a right of center one to being a left of center one.
The Democratic Media Complex, in its pursuit of Orwellian hate-crime legislation, reparations, and sundry non-ameliorative resolutions to America's troubled racial past, pursues its victims with blood lust.
The sad fact is that actual artistic oppression - book banning in its many modern forms - is a matter of course in the entertainment industry, especially when the underlying product is declared politically incorrect or runs contrary to the interests of Hollywood's political altar, the Democratic Party.
I love fighting back. I love finding allies, and - famously - I enjoy making enemies.
The real hate crime these days is the Orwellian intimidation wielded by the Left against those that don't think the way they do. It's worse than waterboarding.
I think that 99 percent of the time, I'm jocular, lighthearted.
I'm fighting back against years and years and years of the cultural and the political left telling people to sit down and shut up.
The downside to the Whole Foods experience is that its success is driven by one of our era's more grotesque phenomena: the upwardly-mobile urban dweller, the one who wants to indulge class-conscious epicurean yearnings and save the world, too.
My ability to be emotive and cry... I think I'm so fearful of tapping that that I won't know how to turn it off.
There is an extensive body of writing from both sides of the political aisle that has analyzed the extraordinary depths of hatred leveled at former President George W. Bush.
In the public eye, being a victim of past injustices does not win the right to propagate current and future ones, and that's intolerable to those in charge of the race industry today, whose power relies on maintaining forever a latent rage that can be turned on and off at the will of the nation's elites.
I am the political psychiatrist to the stars.
I'm not a huge fan of Bruce Springsteen, and it's certainly not because of his politics. I just don't like the aesthetic.
Celebrity is everything in this country.
What's in your closet, John Podesta?
I have no bigger goal than to eradicate racism, to grant Americans who have a different color of skin the right to disagree against the Left's style of orthodoxy.
It may be a task that's so Herculean, but I think it's a worthy goal to try to open up America to individuals who just so happen to have a different skin color, that they have every right and every freedom to think what they want to think.
I'm sick of seeing my face on television.
'Exculpatory' is in the eye of the beholder.
It would be my goal for Palin to become Oprah and be the ultimate kingmaker for twenty-odd years.
Barack Obama is a radical, and we should not be afraid to say that.
I didn't come up through the ranks of the conservative movement... I came to these revelations about my own personal politics in a realm in which those books, those ideas, the canon of conservatism, is nonexistent.
You really have to do something Bruce Banner-like to me to cause me to go into my righteous indignation mode.
I think that a good portion of the 'Institutional Left' hates the building blocks of America.
I think if you accept the Left's premise of a living Constitution, then you accept the Left's premise of a living America, meaning that they think that America's history is rotten.
All left-wing activists, whether it be WTO, anti-WTO, or anti-war, are idealistic as framed by the Democratic Media Complex.
I'm sorry, you leftists: you're not the only people whose motives are pure.
Since war became a geographically distant but very real way of life after Sept. 11, 2001, no Hollywood star has stepped up to support active duty U.S. military personnel and wounded veterans like Gary Sinise.
In GOP land, apologies and resignations are never enough.
I still like George W. Bush. A lot.
George W. Bush is history's president, a man for whom the long-term success or failure of democracy in Iraq will determine his place in history.
Much of Mr. Bush's 28 percent approval rating is born not of 'failed policies' - of which there are many - but of the ill-gotten gains pilfered from a pre-Bush inauguration strategy to send the message to Republicans that the Democrats play politics harder and better.
I don't think Albert Einstein could have devised an equation to guide the leader of the free world during the wildly tumultuous post-9/11 realities without a modicum of help from the opposition party and the vast majority of the print and electronic media.
The making of the Barack Obama franchise far exceeded the skill set of Washington's best. In fact, the recipe for Mr. Obama's global popularity can be attributed less to political minds and chance than to the enduring power of Hollywood.
With its emphasis on star power, the Obama campaign from Day One emphasized the candidate's perfectly cut presidential presence.
From its skillful editing to its out-of-control budget and its relentless marketing, Mr. Obama's team played a different game at a different level than Sen. John McCain and his traditionalist staff.
Much of America rooted for Mr. Obama simply because he is black.
One thing is for certain: under President Obama, home schooling will become a huge growth industry.
Mrs. Palin has neither pushed for creationism in Alaska schools nor moved to ban a single book in Wasilla.
Less about politics, 'The Path to 9/11' focused on the emergence of radical Islamic terror as a clear and present American threat.
If ever there were a candidate destined to shine on 'The Oprah Winfrey Show,' Sarah Palin would be that woman.
In a media instant, Sarah Palin went from an unknown moose hunter to a mass phenomenon on the precipice of becoming the vice president of the United States.
Mrs. Palin is history in a dress. And her script is straight out of Hollywood - like those teen movies with the cliched ending featuring the female valedictorian delivering the speech of a lifetime projecting a bold and transformative future with an independent-minded woman in charge.
Women want to get to know Sarah Palin. And they want to meet her family.
Our country was not built to support blood dynasties or to elevate the rich and famous to a higher ethical or constitutional plain.
For free-speech principles to be reinforced and free-market ideas to win the day, more people are going to have to stand up and be heard.
On college campuses, in newsrooms, and now in the highest corridors of power, with Barack Obama in the Oval Office, the politically correct Left is wielding its weaponry with the confidence that it can take down any group, anyone, or anything.
The thematically related 'Boys Don't Cry' and 'Brokeback Mountain' reinforced the narrative that gays like Mr. Shepard are regularly isolated for cruel and unusual attacks.
Celebrities like to pay lip service to causes but rarely do so by putting their lives in peril. And even more rarely do they do so in the name of the United States of America, not on their own behalf.
The anti-big-government movement is pure. Its participants represent something close to what used to be considered normative in this country.
Tea Party attendees and health care town-hall protesters share the common belief that the extravagant spending of President Obama and the Democratic Party - absent any checks and balances - will eventually lead more people into government dependency, higher taxes, and, perhaps, our country's financial ruin.
America is Tiger Woods country for a reason, and she elected Barack Obama to punctuate this new reality.
While I have no desire to see Mr. Obama's birth certificate, I do want to see his college transcripts.
Much of America is petrified to bring up race, especially in public forums - the media, in particular.
The mainstream media choose to flaunt story lines that make white America appear guilty of continued institutional racism, while black racism against whites is ignored as an acceptable disposition given our nation's history.
Primarily motivated by a desire to keep abortion 'safe, legal and rare,' female liberals in the media have carte blanche to do and say anything.
Exposed in the relentless Palin attacks is not just political bias but unmitigated class bias. The American mainstream media in its current free-fall is begging for more comeuppance when it continues to berate the values and lifestyles of the folks in flyover country who, in simpler times, used to be considered valued customers.
Perhaps resigning from her first term in office may hurt Mrs. Palin's attempts to run for higher office. Even I, a Palin supporter, now have qualms about her seeking higher office.
Sarah Palin may best serve her country by entering the media fray.
Different identity groups hold specific levels of power over others when their battles play out in the media. To wit: Black beats white. Gay beats white. Black beats gay.
If there is a person behaving more destructively in popular culture than Mario Lavandeira, I cannot think of one. He has used cruelty as a crass mechanism to build up his own celebrity and has utilized political correctness to protect himself while using it as a weapon to dehumanize those he doesn't agree with.
In a country where the individual is 'innocent until proven guilty,' conservatives have been forced to actively disassociate themselves from an ideological lineage to white supremacists, anti-Semites, and other racist miscreants.
