Indian,Businessman
The three ordinary things that we often don't pay enough attention to, but which I believe are the drivers of all success, are hard work, perseverance, and basic honesty.
People are realistic enough to appreciate what the market values of different people are.
The important thing about outsourcing or global sourcing is that it becomes a very powerful tool to leverage talent, improve productivity and reduce work cycles.
Excellence is a great starting point for any new organisation but also an unending journey.
People are the key to success or extraordinary success.
There are three lessons in philanthropy - one, involve the family, especially the spouse. She can be a remarkable driver of your initiative. Two, you need to build an institution, and you need to scale it up. Choose a leader for philanthropy whom you trust. Three, philanthropy needs patience, tenacity and time.
Excellence endures and sustains. It goes beyond motivation into the realms of inspiration.
When I took over the family business, it had already been a publicly traded company for 20 years. During one of the first annual meetings I attended, one shareholder stood up and advised me and everyone in attendance that I should resign.
You cannot mandate philanthropy. It has to come from within, and when it does, it is deeply satisfying.
Being in the consumer business helps us groom talent in areas like marketing, finance and logistics. We can benchmark our outsourcing business to our consumer business and its best practices.
I feel that business leaders with their ability to create businesses, with their ability to scale, need to play an important role in social service.
People are beginning to realize that education is power, that education is money, that education is an opportunity.
Ecology and economy are becoming inextricably entwined, and the world is becoming more conscious of this fact.
We've always seen ourselves as Indian. We've never seen ourselves as Hindus or Muslims or Christians or Buddhists.
The customer is a remarkably selfish person: He takes the relationship to where the execution is in his favor.
What is excellence? It is about going a little beyond what we expect from ourselves. Part of the need for excellence is imposed on us externally by our customers. Our competition keeps us on our toes, especially when it is global in nature.
People have to take control of their own lives. Education is key because it also raises other social indicators like healthcare.
I don't think being a Muslim or being a non-Muslim has been an advantage or disadvantage.
Our business model is primarily that of consulting, engineering, system integration, and managed services.
You cannot get into business for the fashion of it.
Despite widely differing perspectives and agendas, there seems to be a remarkable global consensus that has built up over a fairly short period of time that climate change and ecology is one of the truly defining issues for humanity.
We understand how to build and manage businesses that involve technology, engineering, and people at a large scale on a global platform.
The responsibility of philanthropy rests with us. The wealthier we are, the more powerful we get. We cannot put the entire onus on the government.
The job of nation building, the job of nation leadership in a difficult, complex coalition has worked.
I think that any wealth creates a sense of trusteeship... it is characteristic of the new generation which has created wealth to have some amount of responsibility for it.
I think the most important reason for our success is that very early in our quest into globalisation, we invested in people - and we have done that consistently and particularly in the service business.
Talent is in short supply everywhere. At Wipro, we are training nonengineers to be engineers.
There's a reasonable amount of traction in college education, particularly engineering, because quite a lot of that is privatized, so there is an incentive to set up new colleges of reasonably high quality.
Our experience is that it is not terribly difficult to do business in China. But the issue is, how much stability do you have in terms of what you negotiate up front and when you've got your feet and your investments on the ground.
The U.S. is a complex country. It has a high predominance of immigrants who have been eminently successful.
You cannot underestimate the value of luck in success in life. And I've really learned to appreciate that.
I can speak English. I can speak Hindi. I can understand one or two other languages.
Even if a media of a TV is not available in a home, there's this concept of community homes, where a reasonably well-off villager will have a TV - and a nice TV - and he'll keep it outside the house in the evenings.
The public/private partnerships are taking various forms in India. It is individuals who are socially oriented are setting up schools. They're setting up colleges. They're setting up universities. They're setting up primary-education schools in the villages, particularly the villages their original families came from.
You must get engaged with people who are far less privileged than you. I think you must devote your time if not your resources... Because it is very, very important from the point of view of the development of our country.
We run courses for government school teachers on Sundays. These teachers pay for their own food and stay; the kind of commitment you find in these people is remarkable.
Even if I was to give my children a small part of my wealth, it would be more than they can digest in many lifetimes.
Parents realize their wealth should be used for social good rather than children's good.
The success of Wipro has made me a wealthy person.
I have never had the need or thrill for being wealthy.
I have always felt intuitively that somehow such wealth cannot be the privy of any one person or any one family.
The old boys' club of closed tennis court relationships is on the way out.
This whole issue of Hindu-Muslim in India is completely overhyped.
Excellence can be as strong a uniting force as solid vision.
The importance of this success of Wipro has become manifold more, because it's the success of Wipro that enables the possibility of making a difference to some of the most disadvantaged people in the world.
I strongly believe that those of us who are privileged to have wealth should contribute significantly to try and create a better world for the millions who are far less privileged.
If there are differences of views or divergence of ideas, they can be resolved through discussion and dialogue.
Private sector cannot substitute the role of the government in primary education.
I inherited the company from my father after he died very unexpectedly from a heart attack in 1966. He was just 51 years old, and I was 21.
I was studying at Stanford University with two quarters left to go before receiving an undergraduate degree in electrical engineering. Then, I got the telephone call from my mother. I had no choice. I went home, and I jumped into the company feet first, right from day one. There was no time to grieve my father.
My dad told me he wanted me to join in the business, but nothing was firm. He was quite young when he died, so we hadn't talked about it in depth.
Wipro is one of the fastest growing companies regionally and globally, and I am personally very excited with our journey in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
We are partners to leading organizations across industries and have delivered marquee and transformational programs.
Wipro Arabia is a joint venture company with Dar Al Riyadh, a well-diversified group in Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia has proved to be the growth engine for Wipro.
You can do clean business in India.
The West is not producing enough engineers.
Western companies want access to Indian talent. That is why they outsource; that is why they come to India to set up base.
I am particularly interested in primary education because the state of affairs in primary education in this country is a cause for concern.
What we are doing is we are putting in significant training into the people we have currently to upgrade their skill resources, upgrade the presentation resources, and upgrade what we expect from them in terms of not business as usual.
Interestingly, many Indian companies where there's a father-and-son combination are being run as joint CEO organizations because the father has not given up running the company and the son is actively involved in running the company, and there is division of responsibilities.
The principal challenge we face is to go up the value- and domain-skill chain and build a strong consultancy front end and, also, to globalize our leadership much more.
Our managers need to have a strong integration of managerial skills and technical understanding. One cannot substitute for the other.
Technical people tend to be more 'techie,' and management people are more 'managerial.'
To have strongly integrated managers who have a deep understanding of technology is a rare and difficult combination to build. You have to invest a lot in selecting and training these people.
We get first-rate faculty members from the leading engineering and science institutes to train our people.
In any software work, you have IT consultancy competence required to build the systems.
The U.K. and the U.S. are quite similar in that they have high-productivity, English-speaking workforces who don't mind working long hours. Working in those countries is not a problem.
It is the strength of our culture that we can have Sonia Gandhi, who is Catholic, a Sikh prime minister, and a Muslim president.
We believe that two people who have worked together for more than 10 years and been in the company for more than 15 years would be able to work very well as a team.
