American,Businessman
Now along comes the potential creative destruction brought by a different distribution methodology, the Internet.
Napster has pointed the way for a new direction for music distribution, and we believe it will form the basis of important and exciting new business models for the future of the music industry.
You really want to get a headache? Try to understand Internet advertising.
What I've learned over the years is that focus and singular purpose is the best approach for businesses.
This is a world in which reasons are made up because reality is too painful.
The world is changing. Networks without a specific branding strategy will be killed. I envision a world of highly niched services and tightly run companies without room for all the overhead the established networks carry.
We want to be able to sell you anything, anywhere, any time you want it.
Sometimes it seems like there's more footnotes than text. This isn't something we're proud of, and over time we'd like to see our footnotes steadily shrink.
I'm just saying if you want to reach large audiences, then rely on professionals, meaning people who are in the industry and are trained for it, rather than just idiot savants.
If we're going to talk about our businesses, we're going to have to talk about them within the constraints of the disclosure rules, without giving guidance, because we're not going to give guidance, because we don't believe that it is a sensible game to play.
There's no way you can predict what is going to happen in six months or two years in most businesses, and certainly not for businesses that are growing at the rate that we have grown.
The entertainment business hasn't had a new idea in years.
If you're going to run a public company, be absolutely certain of what the parameters are, what the clarity is, that you can explain it to yourselves and explain it externally.
Companies like GE and Procter & Gamble have been in business for a long time. Over decades or a century you're bound to figure out a management structure that works.
I don't have answers for anybody else. What I know is that internal complexity makes for superficiality. There's never essentially a pure story unless there's a pure product line that has its own shining clarity.
What interests me is starting businesses on our own, finding ideas that we can support, and simply investing in invention.
People, me included, have a truly emotional thing about this iPad.
We need an unambiguous rule - a law - that nobody will step between the publisher and the consumer, full stop.
I'm sure there are some commercial applications for Twitter, but they don't really interest me. I mean, 140 characters? I am really not interested in Ashton Kutcher's daily walks. Not for me.
Facebook's the real deal. Nobody can buy Facebook now. Everybody has taken an angle at it. But Facebook may be the place that organizes everybody's personal information. It's got a very good chance of being that.
Well, the Internet is this miracle. It is an absolutely extraordinary idea that you can press a send button, and you are publishing to the world.
I've not conducted my life in the service of smallness.
I am a contrarian.
What's happened to broadcasting is that broadcasting really used to be... it used to have a very clear public service quotient. And it's more or less now. And it's been lost.
My opinion, young people go to the Internet. To the Internet distribution system right now, you put it up there and it's accessed by the world.
The ability for consumers to receive broadcast over the air signal is their right.
