English,Businessman
I don't set out to be connected. My business has allowed me to meet lots of interesting people, some of whom have become friends; but you can't force it. This terrible word - 'networking' - I really hate.
The way I choose to live my own life rates time and space as real luxuries.
Fastidious attention to detail makes the difference between an OK service and first class service.
I have an issue with others ordering for me, and I spend far too long haranguing people that my choices are the best. I apologize for the amount of conversations I have ruined with this attitude.
In summer, my Sundays are often taken up with cricket. I play with a bunch of other over-competitive and overenthusiastic guys who I have known for a very long time.
A quintessential experience is to raft the Rio Grande through the Blue Mountains, stopping off at waterfalls and having picnics of barbecued fish.
I definitely like sorting stuff out, and I have the enthusiasm to try and help.
There are a lot of laws from Europe about employing people which are absolute nonsense.
'Concierge' comes from the Latin for 'slave.'
I don't believe that saying things because you feel they are what people want to hear is the right way to be in any part of your life.
I think people might say I'm a bit of a sucker for punishment.
It's not marriage that I crave. Many of my friends who have married are pretty miserable. Within a year and a half, most of them are either unhappy or divorced.
My father instilled in me an attitude that you couldn't really enjoy yourself unless you had done something to deserve it. So, my childhood was spent working on farms or local shops or, when I got older, in banks.
I have to be passionate about everything I do.
What goes around comes around in business, and it's better to help people out rather than bill them every time you speak to them.
I'm not going to complain to New Yorkers about working too hard.
I eat out three times a day most days of the year. This is no big deal to most New Yorkers, and it is not something I am necessarily proud of - it's simply the nature of my itinerant life.
My obsession with eating out partly comes from having spent 10 long years at English boarding schools in the 1980s, where food was pretty low on the list.
In the same way I am addicted to puddings - the sweeter the better - I have become addicted to the daily routines my Pilates and Gyrotonic guru, Nada, puts me through.
Buenos Aires is easily one of the most stylish cities in the world with its eclectic collection of neighborhoods, each with its own unique charm.
I've always been fascinated by India and its color and vibrancy. I worked in Madhya Pradesh in the Kanha National Game reserve before university, and it is probably the most intoxicating country I have ever visited.
For me, a stay at the Uma Paro with Pilates every morning is a perfect escape.
For me, life is not about gold taps and marble all over the place.
Since I travel to the four corners of this planet for work, I don't need sun holidays or that kind of thing.
Art is the ultimate luxury good, but one that can make you think, give a you a blast of beauty and enhance your life. Even if the work's made of plasticine.
When the truth does not get printed, damage is done.
