American,Businessman
Positive culture comes from being mindful, and respecting your coworkers, and being empathetic.
When I studied graphic design, I learned a valuable lesson: There's no perfect answer to the puzzle, and creativity is a renewable resource.
For me, I've learned about what it means to focus on a culture, to build social responsibility, and the idea of a company as a super-organism.
We hired a CSR person at Twitter, years before we hired our first sales person, to make sure we had a culture and impact of doing good.
I believe that the open exchange of information can have a positive global impact.
Balancing family and work is a top priority for me, and I treat it as such. Meaning, I actually put specific family time and events in my calendar so that precious time is dedicated and properly blocked off from any work that may try to sneak its way into my schedule.
The two things I use the most are the MacBook Air and my iPhone. Those are my two most-used gadgets that are dented, scratched and smashed.
It's important to credit the brave people that take chances to stand up to regimes. They're the star.
This idea that the open exchange of information can have a positive global impact is being proven over and over again around the world nearly on a daily basis - and for Secretary Clinton to recognize that, I think, is a huge step.
You can shut down a service, and yet people will find ways to communicate.
I think it's a really big deal to be able to meet people outside the context of something like a conference room or someplace where everything feels like it's formal talk.
Both my wife and I have a lot of compassion for animals in general.
I love Sherlock Holmes, but I love any of these old stories where the writer was paid by the word, so the adventures just continue forever. They are almost like they were meant to be read out loud.
I'm convinced that there's a new way to define capitalism, and that the definition should include three ingredients - that we love our work, that we are building a traditionally successful business, and that we are having some positive impact in the world, whether it's local or global.
The thing that excites me, and the thing that excited me about Twitter, is the idea of a flock of birds moving around an object in flight.
I started out as an artist, and I continue to think of myself as an artist first, and a technologist and entrepreneur after that.
In any leadership position, you're always going to be disappointing somebody.
I haven't been paying attention to politics long enough to have really smart opinions.
Everything I've done, I've made up. Some of that might have been right; most of it was probably wrong.
I never even graduated college. I never finished learning, as it were, and I have a psychological need to be in a learning environment at all times.
If you're thinking of acquiring a company and want to keep it a secret, tell everyone in the company; let them all in on the truth. Say, 'Listen, if this gets out, we'll probably lose the deal, so we're all in this together.'
If people are passionate about your product, whether it's because they're hating or loving it, those are both good scenarios.
With Twitter, it's as easy to unfollow as it is to follow.
I'm still kinda old-school. We're twittering, and we're all twitterers. And we write tweets. The only thing I don't love is twits.
I've seen people twitter in haiku only.
The reason I really started running was for meditative purposes. I would pick some problem to have in my head while running.
