American,Businessman
Success is all about persistence and doing the right thing for the long term.
For many young people, the minimum wage is a stepping stone to higher employment levels.
Great teaching requires incredible talent and dedication, strong intellectual ability and interpersonal skill, real discipline and empathy.
I'm a pretty disciplined investor and pretty disciplined buyer. I do my due diligence. I do my homework. I don't waste money.
For every challenge we face - unemployment, poverty, crime, income growth, income inequality, productivity, competitiveness - a great education is a major component of the solution.
Government unions should not be allowed to influence the public officials they are lobbying, and sitting across the bargaining table from, through campaign donations and expenditures.
Crisis creates leverage to change.
We must find a way to balance our tradition as a state welcoming of refugees while ensuring the safety and security of our citizens.
I think we've got to be competitive here in Illinois. It's critical we're competitive. We're hurting our economy by having the minimum wage above the national. We've got to move back to the national.
Voters want conflicting things. They want a lot of government spending, but they don't want higher taxes.
If Republicans and Democrats commit to working together, we can reach a bipartisan, common-sense agreement to reverse Illinois' economic decline and set the stage for a bright economic future.
To restore our public schools, we must put an end to the selfish agenda of the union bosses.
I'm a lover of fairs and corn dogs.
I've been very engaged in Illinois and Chicago civic activities for a long time; mostly around building businesses and helping entrepreneurs grow companies, but also around education and education reform.
I'm a big outdoorsman... I'm a big hunter. Avid fisherman. Hiker. Climber. Scuba diver. Skier. Love the outdoors.
I don't have a Rolls. I don't have a jet. That's not me.
I have my strong views and opinions. I really want to transform Illinois government because this state is failing the taxpayers and the children.
Our government works should be treated fairly and appropriately; they should have a decent retirement, but not a gold-plated system where they can retire multimillionaires in their 50s.
Being a successful CEO, where I've driven a bottom line, assembled teams, driven results, that's a critical benefit to running the state government.
A C.E.O.'s job is leadership, problem solving, and team building. I've done that my whole career.
Mitch Daniels in Indiana was the best governor in America for eight years. I've gone to Indianapolis to study with him.
I've completely lost faith in the Democratic Party to truly serve the disadvantaged.
Your average person in Illinois doesn't really even know what workers' comp is. The average person doesn't know really what's going on in the pension system. They know their taxes are too high; they know we've got a deficit. But getting that message out and helping the people of Illinois really understand what's going on, that's hard.
If yelling and threatening, intimidating and chanting solved problems, Illinois wouldn't have any problems. We're good at that stuff.
It takes someone with a unique background to stand up to the threat of a strike and win.
We've become a collectivist economy in Illinois. It's crushing us. And no problem is going to get fixed unless we bring more economic freedom into the state. And I believe that very passionately.
Our government workers should be treated fairly and appropriately. They should have a decent retirement, but not a gold-plated system where they can retire multimillionaires in their 50s.
The government union bosses are the most powerful politicians in Springfield.
We have to be bold, tough, and fundamentally change government because Springfield is broken.
I just want the state fixed, and I just want to do the right thing for the taxpayers.
I'll be willing to do things that politicians won't do. Because I don't care who I upset.
I certainly don't need a job. Getting re-elected is not on my Top 10 list.
These political consultants love business guys who've never been in politics to try and take advantage of them. I get that.
We have a moral duty to have an efficient government.
The tax money belongs to the taxpayers. It doesn't belong to the bureaucracy. And government is not a welfare system.
I want to do something that I'm proud of and that I can look back on with pride of accomplishment.
Money's important, but it isn't a motivator for me.
Frankly, I would never ask a supporter to bet big on me if I wouldn't bet big on myself. It wouldn't be fair.
There are plenty of examples of very wealthy people who have run for office and failed, certainly in Illinois.
The fact is that politics in Illinois is a blood sport. It's really rough. It's really nasty.
We've talked through the fact that our family will be attacked. Our family will be dragged through the mud. My businesses that I've helped build and create will be attacked and dragged through the mud. That's politics. I don't spend a lot of time worrying about it or thinking about it.
My wife and I believe that there's nothing we do together as a community that's more important than education.
Given my venture capital background, I know the tech sector well.
I will advocate moving the Illinois minimum wage back to the national minimum wage.
Crisis creates opportunity.
I've got to pick my fights at the right time.
I don't care what the headline is. I want the results.
I'm very thoughtful and disciplined with my money.
I like to spend money on investments.
I have said, on a number of occasions, that we could have a lower minimum wage or no minimum wage.
We have to reduce the tax burden, whether it's income tax for corporations or private individuals, and we should put a freeze on property taxes.
I tend to think that free-market conservative principles are the best ones for the CEO of a state.
Ronald Reagan helped me become a Republican.
In democracy - and the good thing about democracy, big change does not happen quickly, and you need a buy-in and a convincing, a selling, an arm-twisting to get big change. And that takes time.
I'm not the most patient person in the world. I am one of the most persistent people in the world.
