Brazilian,Businessman
Any job very well done that has been carried out by a person who is fully dedicated is always a source of inspiration.
The time is right for electric cars - in fact the time is critical.
The role of leadership is to transform the complex situation into small pieces and prioritize them.
You don't build your character by doing what everybody else is doing.
I would say a good leader brings results. A great leader writes a new story, it's different. Obviously a new story has to incorporate a lot of results. But a story is a chapter in the life of a company that people want to write and want to remember.
Profit is the most global aspect of a business, and it is cross-functional.
The Japanese people are usually very prudent, even when they are convinced change is necessary.
If you have not been a villain at a certain point in time, you will never be a hero. And the day you are a hero, you may become a villain the next day.
More and more, in any company, managers are dealing with different cultures. Companies are going global, but the teams are being divided and scattered all over the planet.
Good is somebody who delivered and allowed the company to overcome obstacles, without leaving a profound impact on its culture. Great is somebody who leads his company to achievements and performance and value that nobody was expecting it had.
Every single time you make a merger, somebody is losing his identity. And saying something different is just rubbish.
Electric cars are not going to take the market by storm, but it's going to be a gradual improvement.
Commitment. This is my favorite word because in some way, people who are committed are always much more interesting and much more reliable, and much more, I would say, deep than people who are not.
When the CEO makes a decision, people don't come back on it.
You want to make sure this particular car is going to please the customer and then you're going to be rewarded with something that is going to please the shareholder.
Being in a multicultural environment in childhood is going to give you intuition, reflexes and instincts. You may acquire basic responsiveness later on, but it's never going to be as spontaneous as when you have been bathing in this environment during childhood.
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.
Don't believe what I say. Believe what I do.
I think the new generation is much more demanding about respect for the environment than we have ever imagined.
Incentives are not strategy, they are tactics. Defensive measures.
When you're CEO, you have to have two conditions: first, shareholders need to trust you and want you to head your company. The second is that you need to feel the motivation to do the job. So, as long as both are reunited, you continue to do the job.
Electric cars are going to be very important for urban transportation.
When you're C.E.O., you have to have two conditions: first, shareholders need to trust you and want you to head your company. The second is that you need to feel the motivation to do the job. So, as long as both are reunited, you continue to do the job. And today, they are reunited.
China will be the answer to Japan's problems.
Design is important, it's an important dimension in the car. It's not the only one.
As an individual, not as the boss of a company, I am very interested in motor racing.
Employees are your most valuable assets. They are the heart and guts of a company. This doesn't mean that from time to time, you aren't going to do what is good for the company.
When your results are good, you are obviously going to have a lot of press. And when you start to falter a little bit, you are going to have some criticism, and there is nothing abnormal in that.
You have to be careful to react when you start to deviate from your course.
Talking about stepping down in five years is frankly not a topic of particular actuality now.
We are still keeping, as much as we can to the one million commitment that we made, hoping that at a certain point in time, the headwinds represented by the strength of the yen will be a little bit less strong.
In a difficult and uncertain environment, Renault remains on track to meet its 2012 objective.
We are not making a capital investment into GM as the first element or condition.
If we come to the conclusion after 90 days that the synergies are big enough to justify the efforts, then we can go to the second step, which consists of saying: what would be the best organization and conditions - including shareholdings - in order to make sure the synergies happen.
Is Europe going to be breaking? I don't think so. I think the euro will stay. I think at the end of the day Europeans will find the solutions in order to hold Europe together.
I think we're going to have some difficulty in front of us. I have absolutely no doubt the next three, four years Europe are going to be at best stagnation. We are preparing for tough times.
We have some worse scenarios for which we need to prepare as companies. For the moment, we're planning for the worst, and the worst is now, and the car market is down more than 15 percent in France. There is so much uncertainty.
What I worry about is not just Nissan, but Japanese manufacturers losing motivation to maintain production in Japan. The high yen is definitely a headwind.
We continue to be bullish on China.
We are facing extreme volatility.
