American,Businessman
With YouTube - with the Internet in general - you have information overload. The people who don't necessarily get credit are the curators.
YouTube is becoming much more than an entertainment destination.
I think Facebook, Twitter and YouTube are the cornerstones of any social media strategy.
The power of digital distribution over physical retail outlets is you have a chance to create a global audience.
Approach your business partners with concepts that they can get their heads around, and try to respond to their needs.
No matter what industry you're in, there will be naysayers. So you have to be your own champion.
When I started running cross-country and track in high school, literally every race was a failure.
There's always going to be a place for YouTube.
I love video.
I look at building business as a creative process that I enjoy.
I was one of those kids who took apart their toys to see how they work, just to see what they were made up of.
As long as I can remember, I was drawing or trying to create something.
I feel like there's a lot of noise in the social space. The Vines and Instagrams of the world are gaining traction, and their solutions are perfect for their communities.
Video is the most interesting and engaging way to share an idea with others.
More than simply capturing brief moments in time, MixBit helps people bring stories to life.
YouTube and other sites will bring together all the diverse media which matters to you, from videos of family and friends to news, music, sports, cooking and much, much more.
I think the success around any product is really about subtle insights. You need a great product and a bigger vision to execute against, but it's really those small things that make the big difference.
EMI is a proven leader in the emerging digital music landscape and one of the world's largest and most respected music companies.
YouTube is committed to balancing the needs of the fan community with those of copyright holders.
Video is universal and allows people around the world to communicate and exchange ideas.
Consumers are increasingly programming their own entertainment and content experiences.
Advertisers now have a highly targeted opportunity for aligning their brands alongside the entertainment experience people are enjoying on YouTube.
YouTube provides a unique opportunity for all musicians to market and promote their music and directly engage their fans.
By delivering a wide array of programming to YouTube, the NBA will be able to connect with its existing worldwide fan base and reach a vast new audience that is passionate about basketball.
Running helped me learn how to deal with failure, and failure is a big part of the Internet business.
Facebook and Twitter have a ton of information they're trying to make sense of.
CBS has received a strong and positive response from the YouTube community about the quality of its programming.
From time to time, I've experimented with sculpture or metal design. It's a good break from just sitting behind the keyboard.
There are a handful of talented individuals that are always going to do a better job. If you look at the amount of TV shows or movies, there's only a handful that rise to the top.
I have the Sony Reader; I have the Kindle as well. I don't really use either of them, to be honest. I'd rather sit down with a cup of coffee and a newspaper than read all my digital books.
The iPhone will maybe become more of a video-conferencing experience - you pick up your phone, you answer it, you'll be talking to someone looking at their face.
Launch your product or service before you have funding. See how people respond to it before you have a PowerPoint and business plan - have something people can use, and go from there.
In Delicious's case, it's a great brand that belongs in Silicon Valley.
To see how YouTube has become part of pop culture, it's been just amazing.
Football has limited success in Europe.
I love my baseball, and I love my Phillies.
There's not really any safe places on the Internet.
People just don't sit down and just watch TV at night. Between cellphones, television, video games, the Internet and instant messaging, people are just spending their time in different places.
When you limit the length of the video to something under two minutes, it gives everyday people an opportunity to make something entertaining. It's harder to tell a story or create an entertaining piece of content that is based around the time slot model, television shows being 22 minutes long.
Google has a great product. They've built a great business.
If you're creating an entertainment site, you want the content to be the star.
I'm probably not creative or talented enough to create an especially compelling piece of content, but I really do enjoy watching a great movie or TV show.
To some extent, being an entrepreneur is a lonely journey.
If something excites you, go for it.
Many large brands are now just marketing machines for what's being made offshore.
I basically watch videos online all day long.
Fashion brands looking for explosive growth go the wholesale route, to get their products into stores, but then they end up relying on those sales.
When you have a model that's worked very well, it's very hard to change.
