Chinese,Businessman
Even though I am smiling, I have some suffering in my heart.
My younger brother runs a guesthouse, and my sister is a janitor. I have not given them money because they earn their own money. I pay for their children's school fees.
If you put a brick on my head and break it, I will be fine.
The world needs a person like me so that many other rich people will be able to follow my role model. If they do, many poor people will be helped.
I'm a rich man, but I don't want to be a miser.
My goal is to work diligently to become the top philanthropist in the world.
When I was 4 years old, my brother and sister died of hunger, so I achieved my success through confidence, self-motivation and my hard work.
I intend to buy 'The New York Times.' Please don't take it as a joke.
The tradition and style of the 'New York Times' make it very difficult to have objective coverage of China. If we could purchase it, its tone might turn around.
I may be a maverick, but it doesn't mean I like playing tricks.
My wealth is very limited. I need to influence other people to give.
I like to get my hands dirty. Talk is cheap.
Starting my business has been very hard work. I have received no help from any officials at all.
I want Chinese history to remember me as Carnegie is remembered. I want Chinese people to remember me as they remember Marx and Lenin.
When I was young, I liked to be acknowledged in class by little gestures such as a small red star for doing something good. Now that I'm older, I still want to be acknowledged for good work.
When I was eight years old, I was always starving. My brother and sister died from starvation.
One summer vacation, I carried water to the town market to sell it, and I used some of the money I made to help a neighbour.
Many rich people in China made their fortunes by damaging natural resources and building corrupt relations with the government.
If you have only a glass of water, then one person can drink. If you have a bucket, a whole family can benefit.
Society needs hundreds of hundreds of thousands of Chen Guangbiaos.
If you have a river, then you should share it with everyone.
I want to spread the message in the U.S. that there are good philanthropists in China, and not all are crazy spenders on luxury goods.
I was not born into a rich family or a family of government officials.
I want to tell mayors, county chiefs and heads of big companies: don't just chase GDP growth; don't chase the biggest profits at the expense of our children and grandchildren and at the cost of sacrificing our ecological environment.
My plan for 'The New York Times,' if I get the deal, will be putting the paper on every newsstand across the country and making 'The Times' accessible to every Chinese household. China is such a big market and is too big to miss.
I have been doing good deeds since I was just a small child.
