American,Businessman
Great leaders help their people see how they can directly impact the company's objectives and their own personal goals.
Feeling good about your life, but not expressing a heartfelt 'thank you,' is like wrapping a gift for someone and never giving it to them.
Someone could be amazing at what they do, but if you don't like them, why bother hiring them?
Social scientists have found that the fastest way to feel happiness is to practice gratitude.
Bali is one of my favorite places in the world. In one of my past lives, I believe I was living on the island of Bali.
In general, I'm not much into etiquette and am a rule-breaker and rebel by nature.
I don't know about you, but I've saved cards that old high school flames wrote me as well as those that employees have written me over the years. The power of genuine, customized appreciation will never lose its value, even in a gloomy economy... in fact, it's probably what we're all thirsty for in this desert of a depression.
People don't realize how much control they do have. The more you can show them this control, the easier it is to tap back into the creative side of the brain that allows people to see possibilities and options.
At the heart of great leadership is a curious mind, heart, and spirit.
When the world is in the midst of change, when adversity and opportunity are almost indistinguishable, this is the time for visionary leadership and when leaders need to look beyond the survival needs of those they're serving.
Whether we're conscious of it or not, our work and personal lives are made up of daily rituals, including when we eat our meals, how we shower or groom, or how we approach our daily descent into the digital world of email communication.
The companies we admire are like the people we admire: resilient, authentic, personable, collaborative, ambitious, and humble.
Once you know the emotional building blocks of anxiety, you can influence them.
Organizations that can diminish fear are those that are able to motivate, create, and innovate.
When people get into that fight-or-flight place, then they move away from the creative centers of their brain.
Business principles are only as good as the practices that back them up.
I know that when I attached my sense of identity a little too closely to my work that I might be distracting myself from feelings of unworthiness. It wasn't the number of hours I worked or how bloodshot my eyes were that defined the difference. It was something internal.
The more externally chaotic the world becomes, the more we need sound internal logic, especially when it comes to our emotions.
Conventional wisdom suggests the primary motivator for entrepreneurs is money or wealth creation and, in fact, much of the political debate tends to center around what kind of tax or regulatory policy changes will turn corporate suits into small business adventurers overnight.
When I started my hotel company, Joie de Vivre, at the age of 26, I saw this venture as my ticket to freedom.
I'd done my time in corporate America, from McDonald's making shakes to Morgan Stanley making deals and, yet, I felt awfully constrained by the uniform - not just my clothes, but how I felt I needed to conform - that a traditional job required me to wear.
The best way we can encourage people to create companies that create jobs is to celebrate the diverse entrepreneurial stories and the variety of drivers that led these entrepreneurs to sticking their necks out.
The intersection of psychology and business is typically seen as being as congested, stressful, and emotionally barren as a peak commute traffic day on the L.A. freeways. But, thankfully, we live in an era in which neuroscientists are teaching us about the malleability of our brain and the emotionally contagious nature of our workplaces.
Daniel Goleman has proven that two-thirds of the success in business is based upon our Emotional Intelligence as opposed to our IQ or our level of experience. As we look for the next crop of future CEOs, maybe it's time for America's corporations to start interviewing grads from the psychology master's programs rather than the M.B.A. programs.
When any of us thinks of ourselves as a role model - whether that's as a parent being observed by their kids or a leader under the microscope of their followers - it creates a natural stepping up of how we carry ourselves and what we expect from ourselves.
Companies and leaders are role models - not just with the business community - but in the broader world.
