Canadian,Businessman
You usually have to wait for that which is worth waiting for.
It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow.
Why are people unemployed? Because there is no work. Why is there no work? Because people are not buying products and services. Why are people not buying products and services? Because they have no money. Why do people have no money? Because they are unemployed.
Nothing surpasses the beauty and elegance of a bad idea.
'Programming' is a four-letter word.
Time is a resource whose supply is inversely proportional to its demand.
Silence is a statement that is open to gross misinterpretation.
Temporary solutions often become permanent problems.
Think Tank, noun: The shower.
Now is the time for all good men to run like hell.
Supermarket automatic doors open for me; therefore, I am.
It's a bit odd that nobody seems to be using the correct technical term to describe organized Islamic terrorists. They are not a faction of a religion or a social movement. They are a cult. A suicide cult.
Never underestimate the power of a simple tool.
Never question the relevance of truth, but always question the truth of relevance.
I wonder if those people shown protesting the deployment of nuclear weapons to western Europe during the Reagan era are feeling appropriately stupid today. 'Please don't take away our precious Soviet Union! - We demand the annihilation of all life on Earth!'
Don't judge a book by its thickness either.
Don't trust anyone who has been in school for the past 24 consecutive years.
Liberalism is financed by the dividends from Conservatism.
The world is real. Consciousness is the illusion.
It's funny how most activists are pacifists.
My to-do list is so long that it doesn't have an end; it has an event horizon.
Live every day as if it is your last, and you'll be correct sooner than you otherwise would be.
1 + 1 = 2. Everything else is derived.
Yeah, computers are going to take over the programming business because they have become so fast recently that they can solve the Halting Problem in five seconds flat.
The only people I've ever heard saying that disagreeing with Bush, Cheney and Rumsfeld is un-American or treasonous are people who disagree with Bush, Cheney and Rumsfeld.
It's funny how social activists usually protest against the only things that have a credible chance of achieving the activists' goals.
