American,Businessman
By eating many fruits and vegetables in place of fast food and junk food, people could avoid obesity.
I drink coffee in the morning and a few cups throughout the day. Among coffee's health benefits are lower risk of Parkinson's, Type 2 diabetes, heart disease and dementia.
Success isn't something you achieve by accident, but rather by design.
No pills, not even aspirin, and certainly no supplements ever enter my mouth - everything I need comes from my fish and vegetarian diet, which incorporates many different kinds of fruit and vegetables every week.
Blueberries, strawberries, raspberries and other varieties have anthocyanins that can help reverse some loss of balance and memory associated with aging.
Exercising and eating properly will build your physical and mental strength to endure the stressful situation.
It is never too late to change the way you eat - once you do, your body will thank you with a longer and healthier life.
Exercise your brain and body, keep engaged with work and friends, and feed your brain with a healthy, plant-based diet - as well as knowledge.
Personally, I like to juice up several different kinds of fruit and vegetables - which may include various combinations of bananas, red bell peppers, apples, carrots, celery, broccoli, spinach, parsley, tomatoes, cucumbers, etc.
We take better care of the maintenance of our cars than we take care of the maintenance of our bodies.
I once in a while cheat and have a little ice cream, and then I kind of blame myself.
My day begins a little before 6 A.M. I never set an alarm clock.
When I open my mouth, the room rings.
I never had a boss in my whole life. I've totally destroyed anybody's ability to tell me what to do.
I'll match wits with anybody. I don't care if they have the top degree in the world.
I never have anything go wrong. Never have a backache. Never have a headache. Never have anything else.
Even though I am Chairman of Dole Food Company, I do most of my own grocery shopping.
Since acquiring major interests in Dole Food Company 28 years ago, educating the public on proper diet has constituted the agenda of the Dole Nutrition Institute.
Maybe some people will not agree, but I like to eat sardines in the morning for breakfast. I think some people will have a hard time eating sardines in olive oil or pickled sardines for breakfast. I guess that is why I am still single.
I try to eat as near perfect as possible, but once in a while I eat for my taste buds. For example, I occasionally like to treat myself to a small cup of chocolate frozen yogurt - plus toppings.
At 88 years old - with every intention of living decades longer - I'm still running a company, writing articles, launching new ventures, and fully enjoying life.
My own recipe for longevity includes considerable amounts of fruits and vegetables. An additional major responsibility for the maintenance of our bodies is regular exercise; at least 4 to 5 times a week.
My plant-based diet plus fish is to credit for my low blood pressure, high energy, and robust immunity.
Many of the people I work with that are half my age complain that they feel tired all the time. I tell them: 'Look at what you're eating, how much you are exercising, and how much sleep you are getting.'
I expend a lot of energy in my 50-60 minutes of cardio and strength training every day.
I think anyone who wants to live past 100 can do it.
