American,Businessman
I am convinced that material things can contribute a lot to making one's life pleasant, but, basically, if you do not have very good friends and relatives who matter to you, life will be really empty and sad and material things cease to be important.
I owe much to mother. She had an expert's understanding, but also approached art emotionally.
Philanthropy is involved with basic innovations that transform society, not simply maintaining the status quo or filling basic social needs that were formerly the province of the public sector.
Money can add very much to one's ability to lead a constructive life, not only pleasant for oneself, but, hopefully, beneficial to others.
My own interest in art was because of my mother. My father didn't like contemporary art, so he didn't give her large sums to spend. So, she began buying prints and drawings. During my school days, I remember sitting in on many of the early meetings.
I can only say that I have had a wonderful life.
I am a passionate traveler, and from the time I was a child, travel formed me as much as my formal education. In order to appreciate cultures of another nation, one needs to go there, know the people and mingle with the culture of that country. One way to do that, if one is lucky enough, is to buy things from those cultures.
A museum has to renew its collection to be alive, but that does not mean we give on important old works.
When I see something I like, I buy it, but I do not look for it madly.
You know, gentlemen, that I do not owe any personal income tax. But nevertheless, I send a small check, now and then, to the Internal Revenue Service out of the kindness of my heart.
I do not like to be unkind.
I think I am basically a happy person.
By a museum, I assume you mean an institution dedicated to the events of Sept. 11 and the aftermath. If that is done with sensitivity, I think it would be most appropriate.
Father was the eldest son and the heir apparent, and he set the standard for being a Rockefeller very high, so every achievement was taken for granted and perfection was the norm.
As children we recognized that we belonged to an unusual, even exceptional, family, but the effect was different on each of us.
Eventually, most people felt MoMA had filled a very important gap.
I am a passionate traveler, and from the time I was a child, travel formed me as much as my formal education.
I believe that government is the servant of the people and not their master.
I hope the Guggenheim plan will be revived.
I learned more from my mother than from all the art historians and curators who have informed me about technical aspects of art history and art appreciation over the years.
I never kept a diary, but I wrote detailed notes of my travels.
I suspect that many corporations have begun to understand that they have an important role to play in the lives of their communities, and that allocating funds to support local groups helps them discharge that function and also burnish their image.
I think of art as the highest level of creativity. To me, it is one of the greatest sources of enjoyment.
It is true that I am often startled and even angered and repulsed by the strange directions and provocative content of new forms that seem to pop up every few months.
MoMA is doubling its space, and I decided to raise the money for it.
Mother's interest in contemporary American artists emerged during the 1920s.
