Austrian,Businessman
One of the most important things about looking youthful is to have a modern haircut.
Make-up is the last thing to enhance your beauty, but it's very important because it builds up your self-confidence and gives you more courage.
When I create an image that helps someone - even just myself - find peace, then I've attained my goal.
The most helpful piece of advice that I could give to anybody is to select a charity, or create a charity, that you really feel passionate about and if you do, don't give up.
Knowing how to age and not being afraid of aging is very healthy.
The gratification of helping others is a very American tradition and a Judeo-Christian tradition. Now it is great to see young people creating funds and giving back in all sorts of productive ways. It's a terrifically satisfying thing.
There is physical evidence of the body's response to doing good. Endorphins are released in the brain when you do something for someone else. Doing good really feels good.
I keep up with everything in terms of health, fitness, nutrition, skin care, hair, nails. Really, everything. I'm an avid reader of every women's health newsletter from every hospital in the country.
I absorb the science section of 'The New York Times.' You know, I have a degree: I'm an A.A.D. Almost a Doctor.
It's important to maintain an attractive smile as you age. A lighter, less beige, more white tooth color is key, but no Chiclets.
I believe in nonfat. I gain two pounds when I eat a lamb chop.
I've always been a person who is driven.
I feel it's important to make a mark somewhere.
Color is a big part of what I do. It's like music. There are only so many notes in the scale, but there are endless permutations; there's no limit to the number. Color on the walls or furniture can reflect back and distort the reality of the true colors of lipsticks and eye shadow.
My efforts to join the fight against breast cancer all began around the fact that women were getting short-changed in the medical arena.
Of capital importance is to have a good diet and exercise a lot.
I have as much pink as you can have. I love to see other women in pink. It's good for every shade of skin and hair.
I never leave the house without putting on my lipstick.
It takes only five minutes to look nice before you go out.
