French,Businessman
Makeup is about balance. When the eye makes a statement, the lips should be quiet.
Looking at flowers, simple things in life. I don't need to look at gold and a castle; sometimes its very simple things that are very beautiful. I am keeping my eyes fresh to find beauty in many places, and in gold, too, sometimes!
It's very refreshing to go away and take a break, to clear your head, and just get into something else.
True icons are larger than life, unforgettable with an elegance that's mesmerizingly timeless.
We are not afraid to be a bit different, to make shades that are bold.
Find your own way, have an open spirit, and believe in your own beauty.
You can look glamorous even if you're a housewife, any job you have.
I like beauty to be a bit edgy, not typical. For me, the only rule is looking good.
I chose makeup over photography because there was something very sensual about makeup that I loved. But photography was always in the back of my mind. That was always something that I was very connected with: looking at magazines, enjoying photography, and then taking pictures myself when I was a kid.
Transparency is more sexy than a full, pancake finish.
A woman who hides behind a mask of makeup is still going to have to take it off at some point... and deal with reality.
My mother never wore much make-up, and she was a kind of natural beauty; she knew just how to enhance what she had.
I think everyone deserves to look better and to look good.
In America, when I first came here, they were used to wearing more make-up - thicker foundation, more Max Factor, that sort of thing. But you have to know who you are and what you look like: if you know yourself a little bit, you don't need to follow trends.
From the start, I used a different kind of girl in Nars campaign images. My choice to use models of colour such as Alek Wek, Naomi Campbell and Karen Park Goude was absolutely a deliberate one. I felt that makeup was universal and should apply to everybody.
A fresh face with a red lip is timeless. It's supermodern and relaxed but very chic.
We don't tell women how to look but give them the products and inspiration they need to feel and look beautiful.
I think there was a freedom in the 1920s and 1930s: a certain liberty and evolution of women.
It's not that I'm easily shocked. It takes a lot to shock me. And wildness I like. But vulgarity shocks me.
There is a tendency to feature more actresses on covers, but I'm a big model lover. I grew up watching these models, and they gave me the wish, the need, to work in the fashion industry. I loved watching them - their beauty, the way they worked in front of the camera and that power of transformation, especially in the Seventies.
I don't think there's a major change between runway and real life anymore.
In this world, you do your job, a good job, and that's what counts.
Wearing colourful eyeliner in a graphic shape is the epitome of make-up as an accessory.
I'm very nostalgic - and I don't care.
I love the architecture magazines and all of the French magazines for decoration or whatever. I end up enjoying them more sometimes than the fashion magazines.
I loved working with Avedon.
When you photograph someone, you have to make them feel good, and you know that they want to look good. It's the same relationship that you have when you apply makeup on somebody. We're almost like shrinks.
I had no connections, and the fashion world was a closed elite. So my mother made appointments for herself with three top Parisian makeup artists and spoke highly about me... she was my first publicist!
It's more fun to have a name rather than a number. I think this gives our products a personality. I get the names from literature, movies, opera, traveling, nature, poetry, sometimes even the street. I keep a small book that I write in. I wake up in the middle of the night and jot down a name for a lipstick or an eyeshadow.
You create the color first, and then the name that fits. It depends - there are no rules. You watch a fabulous old movie, and you suddenly get inspired by it to create a lipstick shade, or you walk through a gorgeous garden and find the most beautiful flower shade for an eye shadow, and then you name it.
Women are very unpredictable.
We love those under-eye circles. It's real life.
I love the dramatic idea of having nothing on.
I love strong looks, so to me, no makeup is strong. As long as it makes a statement, that's what I like. The girls look very real, and I'm probably the only makeup artist who will say that I love a woman without makeup.
I remember this time I worked with Linda Evangelista on a shoot for Richard Avedon. I just put grease on her face, and it was beautiful.
I think Edie Sedgwick comes back, too. Every five or six years, there is always something about Edie, because she was so modern and stylish and elegant and hippie-ish, all at the same time. So I think that people will always love her.
Makeup is very important for a show. It's really an accessory on the runway. You have to be sure that it fits the clothes.
I've seen makeup destroy people and make them look bad if it's badly done.
In a lot of cases, makeup is a fantastic help, and that's why women love makeup in general. It's a fantastic way to help somebody look great. It's not the only way, of course, but it's a major accessory, along with hair, clothes, lighting, all those things.
I thought make-up was a very sensual thing.
Being a studio make-up artist and working on magazines was the only thing I wanted to do.
Sometimes I'm attracted to more odd girls with stronger faces and features or a softer beauty with a lot of character.
It was the early Seventies, and I discovered makeup by going through my mother's fashion magazines. I fell in love with the photos, the models, the fashion.
My vision was to create makeup that was more transparent but with formulas that last. I follow my instincts - it's all very spontaneous!
Women don't want to feel like they're wearing makeup. I hope I was partly responsible for that.
It's one thing to read about how makeup is applied. It's another thing altogether to watch it being put on.
I have always been attracted to faces that are different.
Makeup can make a woman look more beautiful at every age.
I wanted to be a make up artist. I did it, and the road that I took was quite good.
I love so much the models from the '60s and the '70s. They were extremely professional, great models who knew how to work the camera so well and loved fashion and had a great sense of style.
I photographed Alek Wek. She was amazing, and nobody knew about her then. It was a really strong photograph of her.
I'm not so interested in perfect, plastic beauty, and I think it translates in the girls I've shot over the years for Nars, from Guinevere to Iris to Mariacarla. I love those girls. I love the more interesting faces, with maybe a strange nose, not just the Texan blonde. By picking those girls, I think it's changed what I've seen in other campaigns.
Working on fashion shows, you work with the designer and try to read his brain - what was in the creative process, what images did he have in his head?
Having worked with so many of the geniuses, I'd learned so much. It's the best sort of photography school, to work with people like Penn or Avedon or Meisel.
Kate Moss makes you dream. She has such a passion for art and the creative process.
I was spoiled growing up in the 1970s because magazines were publishing the photographs of Helmut Newton and Guy Bourdin without compromise. You really felt that sense of freedom through their images.
I love to collaborate with artists, like Guy Bourdin and Steven Klein, who don't have any boundaries.
The '80s and '90s were the greatest time to be a makeup artist.
I didn't want to create a makeup line for one ethnic group; it had to be multi-ethnic. To me, beauty is beauty. It doesn't matter to me what colour the skin is.
It's very hard for me to photograph someone when I'm not attracted by who they are.
I can't remember the first time, but I've worked with supermodels almost from day one.
I met Iman and Jerry Hall and all those girls in the late Seventies right when I started working at the fashion shows in Paris as an assistant.
I made contours and all that, but in real life, you have to be very careful with that because you can go out in the street and look terrible. All those girls who show how to do contour, they do it quite well, but they're like makeup artists. They're in artificial light.
Some people put a lot of fuss around them. I'm not an entertainer. Let's not get things confused.
It was never in my mind to be famous.
People have to learn that everybody is the same. If you wake up in the morning, even if you're a movie star, you look like everybody else. The reality is that makeup is there to help. That's what it's for.
I launched NARS with 12 shades of lipsticks, and many, many launches later, I'm still most proud of our lipsticks.
Women are being more experimental with eye color.
Makeup is an accessory to fashion. You buy a bag, you buy shoes, you put on eyeliner, you buy a lipstick, makeup compliments the clothes.
I'm always looking to the lightweight superproduct that you apply and almost don't see. That's the ultimate, at least for me.
I hate knowing where people go to the bathroom. You follow them going to pee, to eat - I hate everything when it comes to reality shows!
Go with what you're attracted to.
I've always loved the way movie stars in the Forties looked when they were off set. Shot poolside or at their home, they always wore a matte red lipstick with practically no foundation - it was how they wore makeup in real life.
I'll keep creating modern, deep, rich and adventurous colors and products that inspire creative expression every day.
