American,Businessman
I believe Android will be stronger in the developing world than it is in the developed world.
Venture capital is about capturing the value between the startup phase and the public company phase.
I don't like to talk about myself. I like to talk about stuff that's happening, stuff that's going to happen, and the people who are going to make it happen.
Building product is not about having a large team to manage. It is about having a small team with the right people on it.
Given New York City's cultural diversity, it has always attracted creative people.
I'm a free speech bigot. I don't like censorship; I just don't think it's a good thing.
Investing in management means building communication systems, business processes, feedback, and routines that let you scale the business and team as efficiently as possible.
To see things differently requires you to be wired a little differently.
One of the great things about young entrepreneurs is that they don't know that something can't be done. So they try something that's so audacious and usually end up pulling it off.
It takes great salesmanship to convince a customer to buy something from you that isn't built or isn't finished.
Startups are rapidly changing systems. If you use an annual review cycle, you aren't getting feedback at the same pace that you need to adapt and change the business.
If you are successful, you will be cloned. That's life. In fact, it's a sign that you've made it when clones of your website, mobile app, and business start cropping up.
I generally blog between 5:30 A.M. and 7 A.M. I will from time to time add something during the day, but for the most part blogging is an early morning activity for me.
It's upsetting to me that you have to be a millionaire to invest in your friend's start-up.
Many artists stick to making and hire a manager to focus on their business. Artists that build websites and mobile apps can do that, too.
The entire world is now a rival to Silicon Valley. No country, state, region, nor city has a lock on innovation in technology anymore.
When I see people laughing at ideas and companies we have backed, I smile. It means we are going to make a lot of money on that investment.
My venture investing career has three phases, all roughly 6-8 years long. The first, at Euclid, was software to Internet. The second, at Flatiron, was Internet to bubble. And the third, at USV, has been web 2 to mobile. I have always used a new firm to denote a new investment phase for me. Throw away the old. Start with the new.
The venture business is a bit of an apprenticeship business, so the firm I worked for didn't let me make an investment until I was 30. That was probably a very smart thing.
Twitter wasn't planned. It just happened.
If you have a native monetization system where the atomic unit of content is the ad unit, that scales down all the way to a small screen experience. That's why Twitter is performing so well on mobile.
The more entrepreneurs in the world that are getting their ideas financed, the more great companies there are going to be that we can all invest in.
I think 'crazy' is a compliment. I think you make money with people who are crazy.
Start-ups should be hunch-driven early on and data-driven as they scale.
There is a difference between hiring a CEO and turning over control of the business.
The companies that do the best job on managing a user's privacy will be the companies that ultimately are the most successful.
When people laugh at a company or say, 'This is the stupidest thing I have ever heard,' you are listening.
Yahoo is free, it's fast and it's Web-centric. AOL is slow, it costs money and requires proprietary software.
The best talent in the venture industry doesn't work in large companies and won't work in large companies.
The Internet is a computing platform built on top of core technology. Applied technology is what gets built on top of that: It's Web services.
The Web is going to capture an increasing share of people's attention, and billions of dollars are going to flow in. What Web 2.0 is about is harnessing those dollars in highly leverageable ways.
I'm not saying M.B.A.s can't be great entrepreneurs. They can. But you don't need a degree to figure out it's costing you $5,000 per month to run your business, so you need $30,000 to keep it going for six more months.
Money is information, like bits.
It's not easy for an entrepreneur to find the time to blog. But for those who do it, it is a great tool to communicate with the various stakeholders in their business and build a reputation for thought leadership.
Blog-based businesses have lower cost structures and are more 'authentic,' and as a result are drawing larger shares of ad budgets.
I would like to reiterate that I don't want any profiles of me. I am not newsworthy.
Profiles aren't journalism.
I'm really interested in the intersection between reputation, identity, and knowledge.
