American,Businessman
Profit or perish... There are only two ways to make money: increase sales and decrease costs.
Even if you set a long-term goal, that doesn't mean it's a straight-line journey. Often, there are problems and obstacles along the way.
Six months after we started, in 1964, there was a day when we sold only seven sandwiches. If we'd taken all the money from the register, we couldn't have paid an employee, much less the food or the rent or all that. It could have been a turning point. We could have given up.
You really have to understand this isn't a business where you sit in the back room and do calculations - you have to be very concerned about employees and customers, because that's really what's going to bring you success.
You have to realize that the customer really is king. People who go into more established businesses probably have to be careful not to be casual about that. When you have a brand-new business, and nobody knows who you are, you know you have to work really hard for your customers.
Everybody who goes through the business will make mistakes. The big question is how big will the mistakes be? How fast will they learn from the mistakes, and how quickly will they get the business in the correct direction?
There's huge access to information. If you need to learn something, you can go on the Internet and learn very quickly. You can reach across miles and miles to find companies that can assist you.
I watch 'Shark Tank,' of course. It's very entertaining. I think it's actually good to help people think about the business they might start, and sometimes you get encouraged by looking at someone going into business and saying, 'Hey, I could do that.'
Every time I come across learning items of interest, I'll send distribution voice mail to the appropriate group in the organization.
Everybody eats three times a day; it's only a question of where they choose to eat. The longer-term trends are people eat out more often.
From my point of view, what I really like, what I think is really terrific about my work, is that the company's had the opportunity to train literally thousands and thousands of brand new franchisees to successfully run their very first business.
There may be a perception that, with franchises, they're all the same, so that limits the ability to experiment. But that's not true. We've always kept two slots open on the menu of each Subway franchise - slots that franchisees can use to come up with their own sandwich ideas.
To a large extent, we're working hard to fulfill the consumer demand for Subway sandwiches.
In a typical situation, it's going to take pretty close to a year to get your location in, get your permits, and then get open.
There are so many ingredients that are approved for use. You can't be an expert on all of them.
When I started in the business, the minimum wage was $1.25. I've seen an enormous number of wage increases. Basically, it applies evenly to everyone in the business.
The people who come to work deserve to be paid properly, and there's no excuse. I could understand someone making a small error, but sometimes people make systematic errors, and that's not right.
It's tough for people to get into business, especially a small business.
The payroll tax is affecting sales. It's causing sales declines.
If I were in charge of the government, I would index the minimum wage to inflation, so that way, everybody knows what they can count on.
We give great value for our franchisees: They can build a store for well under $200,000. And we have extremely simple operating systems. The preparation is mostly done in front of the customer. That simplicity is really what attracts our Subway franchise. You see it, and you can do it.
Subway is a real point of pride. We have influenced the way people eat.
If someone wants to eat healthy, they can do that and get the sandwich exactly right. I'm so pleased we're able to influence so many people and their eating habits.
I don't have much of a bucket list. I don't have a lot of needs and desires.
I guess that's one of the benefits of being sick. Your wife lets you have a big-screen TV in the living room.
You have to be able to communicate the vision to the people in your organization so that they know where and how they should direct themselves on a day-to-day basis.
For a franchise system to work well, you really need people with an entrepreneurial mind-set because, while you have a large, overarching system that everybody has to work with, a lot of local issues have to be handled.
How you handle the obstacles has a big impact on how you do. If you give up, then you obviously don't get there, but if you're persistent, and you keep thinking of new ways to approach the business, you're more likely to reach your goal.
You could have everything right but be in the wrong place. You think your business is no good, but really, the problem is your place is no good.
By and large, we're a bread-eating culture. People like sandwiches. We don't really over-think that one.
Back in the early days of international, everybody wanted to customize the menu for every place.
I was 17 years old when I built the first store... A very simple, basic store with a basic counter - not very much equipment, all purchased second-hand. And the menu was very simple.
We have salads, some other beverages. But in reality, it's still fundamentally the same business. The most likely thing the next person will buy is a sandwich and a soft drink. After a half-century of glacial change, we're still pretty much the same business.
I don't think I ever dreamt of going into business. No one in my family was in business.
I was able to solve enough big problems along the way that the sheriff didn't come along and put the 'bankruptcy' sign up.
You start a business, and you really don't have much of a budget.
