American,Businessman
What I lack in talent, I compensate with my willingness to grind it out. That's the secret of my life.
A large social-media presence is important because it's one of the last ways to conduct cost-effective marketing. Everything else involves buying eyeballs and ears. Social media enables a small business to earn eyeballs and ears.
If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers. They are society's heroes.
Great companies start because the founders want to change the world... not make a fast buck.
Great companies start because the founders want to change the world... not make a fast buck. Call me a romantic, but I think entrepreneurs should try to change the world. This comes from working at Apple... old habits die hard.
I think a lot of the logic of Google+ is much better in terms of notification of messages to you, in terms of how you post. One very obvious feature is that with Google+, after you post something, you can edit it forever. That is true of both posts and comments. I edit almost every post I make and almost every comment I make.
Social media allows me to pick my times for social interaction.
Leverage your brand. You shouldn't let two guys in a garage eat your shorts.
A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent.
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.
The good news about entrepreneurship is that your fate is in your hands. The bad news is that your fate is in your hands!
It's easy to say that entrepreneurs will create jobs and big companies will create unemployment, but this is simplistic. The real question is who will innovate.
A simple summary of my life is that my parents worked very hard so that I could have a great education, and I took that education and worked very hard to get where I am. I would like my kids' lives to be exactly the same.
What I learned from my kids is that the greatest joy in life is not from material trappings, power, or visibility. The greatest joy comes from your kids. Nothing is even close to my kids in terms of bringing me joy.
Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing.
At the end of my life, is it better to say that I empowered people to make great stuff, or that I died with a net worth of $10 billion? Obviously I'm picking the former, although I would not mind both.
The A-listers and the A+ listers, are reporting the news, they're not making it.
A company should search for every instance of the use of its name and zoom in when there are issues - both good and bad.
You really can't spend money on social media unless you really try. Social media is really more about effort than expense.
I don't think Steve Jobs nauseated people when talking about how great Apple stuff was. The reason why he didn't nauseate people is because it was true. The start of all great marketing is to have a great product.
Simple and to the point is always the best way to get your point across.
Create something, sell it, make it better, sell it some more and then create something that obsoletes what you used to make.
My recommendation for SEO is very simple. It's Write Good Stuff. In my mind, Google is in the business of finding good stuff. It has thousands of the smartest people in the world, spending billions of dollars to find the good stuff. All you have to do is write the good stuff; you don't need to trick it.
The jewelry business is a very, very tough business - tougher than the computer business. You truly have to understand how to take care of your customers.
If you make money, you might not make meaning.
Don't worry, be crappy. Revolutionary means you ship and then test... Lots of things made the first Mac in 1984 a piece of crap - but it was a revolutionary piece of crap.
Smart, well-meaning people get it wrong when they start believing that the world owes them something and that the rules are different for them.
I have developed a Zen-like approach to the operating systems that people use: 'When you're ready, the right operating system will appear in your life.'
I travel all the time.
When you enchant people, your goal is not to make money from them or to get them to do what you want, but to fill them with great delight.
Most people who graduate from college think they have to make a perfect choice. Is it Goldman Sachs? Is it Google? Is it Apple? They think that their first job is going to determine their career, if not their life.
If you provide enough value, then you earn the right to promote your company in order to recruit new customers. The key is to always provide value.
I don't take myself that seriously. I'm a pragmatist.
It's hard to name a person who is unpopular who has influence.
Every day, I get five pieces of hate mail: Tweets or hate emails.
People are forgiving of v 1.0 of a product if it's truly innovative and useful. Then you can get away with a lot. But if you're merely marginally improving the status quo, then you better be rock solid.
My perspective is this: my allegiance is to the best product for my needs. For a computer, this means Macintosh. For phone and tablet, this means Android.
My mother taught me not to take any crap from anyone and to stand up for my rights. You might not believe this lesson came from a tiny Japanese woman, but it's true.
There are two ways to approach the application process: trying to hit a home run by getting an immediate 'Yes, here's an offer' or trying not to be eliminated. I recommend the second approach.
The most powerful way to convince the interviewer that you can do the job is to show how much you already know about the industry, the company, and the products/services of the company. In other words, enchant the interviewer with how much you already know.
I've been all over the world meeting with companies and startups and entrepreneurs. And I tell you, they are more similar than different.
Different parts of the world have different attitudes to failure. Arguably, it may take more courage to be an entrepreneur in Sydney, or Paris, or London, or Japan, or Singapore... but an entrepreneur sees the world for what it could be, not what it is.
I love the notification system on Google+. If someone mentions you, you get notified via Gmail. That's very useful for someone like me.
Every social media post should have a beautiful graphic. If there are two identical stories, the one with the beautiful graphic will always win.
The right algorithm is to put off seeking funds for as long as physically possible. And in an ideal world, a startup would never have to seek funds at all.
As communicators and marketers, people are so accustomed to thinking from the 'top down.' Finding the great analyst or the famous journalist who will endorse what you do and tell the rest of the world to go and buy your product.
