Australian,Businessman
The government should spend more time on promoting tourism in Sydney.
I fire very little because I try to be very careful when I select people. If you know how to select, you don't fire often.
It's a very difficult business, and I'm very interested in the future of it after I'm gone, and I thought that if I can't produce a strong management team here myself, and I can find better management elsewhere, then I should sell it.
I looked around, and I saw cottages everywhere. I thought it was time they lived in apartments.
I tried all my life to make housing affordable. The more affordable the house, the more money I make.
This is a lifetime job. You don't look at it, you know, now and then. It doesn't really matter. When the market comes down, then I buy my land very cheaply, so I make my money on that.
A developer who is not optimistic shouldn't be a developer.
The market is good when the local people are in it and believe in it and support it. That's what I want.
I'm a businessman, that's all.
The Chinese were good to us. The war years for us Russians in China were very good years.
The newspapers were always against me in the beginning because they thought I was depriving people of what they wanted.
I deal in volume. To sell volume, it must be affordable. So that's my whole life, is to make it affordable.
Land values are going up a lot in Sydney, but it's feasible to build because prices are going up, too.
We can't express ourselves always at the time we should. Sometimes it takes time.
I'm easy. Very easy. I'll tell you why I am easy. If someone is no good, I get rid of them. It is no good being tough on somebody who can't do the job. If he can do the job, then there is no point in being tough with him.
My properties are very good income-producing buildings, so I will have a very good stream of profit even if I can't sell.
I would consider selling the whole company; I wouldn't like to sell just part of it, but on the other hand, I have a grandson intent on following my footsteps and another grandson in another couple of years.
In this business, you don't have to be an architect or an engineer or a brick layer. But you have to understand how the money flows. That you can only understand if you're on the site.
I've changed Sydney. It's my city, my people. I'm theirs. We belong to each other.
In Sydney, we always have a deficiency of housing. So that's one good thing, which will cause real estate to keep going up. Not fast, but it'll go up.
If we allow more development, it will bring housing affordability.
Local councils are hostile to large developers and think that, by doing this, they are standing up for the community. But they're wrong.
People have lots of money in super, but they have no money in the bank, and the super funds are not built to help people buy property.
If the banks become unreliable lenders, apartment prices will drop dramatically.
I don't think I have to combat Airbnb. It is like comparing Tiffany to a shop that sells things for one dollar.
There's always room for an operator like Airbnb, but it's quite a different thing to my serviced apartments. Airbnb is a different market - it has nothing to do with me.
