American,Businessman
When you wake up every day, you have two choices. You can either be positive or negative; an optimist or a pessimist. I choose to be an optimist. It's all a matter of perspective.
None of us got to where we are alone. Whether the assistance we received was obvious or subtle, acknowledging someone's help is a big part of understanding the importance of saying thank you.
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
It doesn't matter whether you are pursuing success in business, sports, the arts, or life in general: The bridge between wishing and accomplishing is discipline.
A great accomplishment shouldn't be the end of the road, just the starting point for the next leap forward.
To be a champion, you have to learn to handle stress and pressure. But if you've prepared mentally and physically, you don't have to worry.
Every morning brings new potential, but if you dwell on the misfortunes of the day before, you tend to overlook tremendous opportunities.
Deadlines aren't bad. They help you organize your time. They help you set priorities. They make you get going when you might not feel like it.
Life isn't fair. It's true, and you still have to deal with it. Whining about it rarely levels the playing field, but learning to rise above it is the ultimate reward.
Employee loyalty begins with employer loyalty. Your employees should know that if they do the job they were hired to do with a reasonable amount of competence and efficiency, you will support them.
Positive thinking is more than just a tagline. It changes the way we behave. And I firmly believe that when I am positive, it not only makes me better, but it also makes those around me better.
A student of life considers the world a classroom.
Ethical decisions ensure that everyone's best interests are protected. When in doubt, don't.
Your workforce is your most valuable asset. The knowledge and skills they have represent the fuel that drives the engine of business - and you can leverage that knowledge.
I believe that visualization is one of the most powerful means of achieving personal goals.
You don't need a big close, as many sales reps believe. You risk losing your customer when you save all the good stuff for the end. Keep the customer actively involved throughout your presentation, and watch your results improve.
Most fears of rejection rest on the desire for approval from other people. Don't base your self-esteem on their opinions.
Southwest Airlines is successful because the company understands it's a customer service company. It also happens to be an airline.
I've known entrepreneurs who were not great salespeople, or didn't know how to code, or were not particularly charismatic leaders. But I don't know of any entrepreneurs who have achieved any level of success without persistence and determination.
To me, job titles don't matter. Everyone is in sales. It's the only way we stay in business.
Pay attention to those employees who respectfully ask why. They are demonstrating an interest in their jobs and exhibiting a curiosity that could eventually translate into leadership ability.
Ego stops you from getting things done and getting people to work with you. That's why I firmly believe that ego and success are not compatible.
A smart manager will establish a culture of gratitude. Expand the appreciative attitude to suppliers, vendors, delivery people, and of course, customers.
When you have a dream that you can't let go of, trust your instincts and pursue it. But remember: Real dreams take work, They take patience, and sometimes they require you to dig down very deep. Be sure you're willing to do that.
If you want people to know how much you care, show them how much you remember. Learn their names and use them often. It's an important skill to develop.
The life of a startup is full of ups and downs, an emotional roller coaster ride that you can't quite imagine if you've spent your whole career in a corporation.
By getting your customers to agree with you in small steps along the way, you have a better chance of reaching agreement when it's time to do business.
The employees who share innovative ideas may also be the folks who have some hidden talents that would help incorporate their suggestions.
As you schedule individual tasks, give yourself a cushion. Mark the due date a few days ahead of the actual deadline so you have time to deal with changes or last-minute emergencies.
The service leaders hire one out of 50 applicants, sometimes one out of 100, but they're very, very careful. You can't afford not to be extremely choosy when you hire.
I have ten marathons under my belt, including four New York races and one Boston.
Direct your energy toward achieving a goal, and tackle the problems with an emphasis on edging closer to a successful result.
When an employee asks why the company does things a certain way, and you can explain the logical reason, then the employee knows what she's doing is valid.
Good intentions aren't enough. People have good intentions when they set a goal to do something, but then they miss a deadline or other milestone.
There is no shame in taking pride in achievements or position. But nobody gets to the top alone.
It's only lonely at the top if you forget all the people you met along the way and fail to acknowledge their contributions to your success.
The cost of praising someone is nil - but every psychological study shows the payoff is huge.
There is a time to provide advice and offer an opinion, and there is a time not to. Don't be too quick to offer unsolicited advice. It certainly will not endear you to people.
When advice is freely given, the receiver is free to use it as he or she sees fit.
Customers are the reason we open our doors every day, and keep the machines humming all night long. Customers determine what we eat, where we live, whether we stay in business.
In a climate of tight budgets, reduced workforces and stiff competition, internal training can be a great substitute for costly offsite workshops and conferences.
Pessimism doesn't grow your business or even maintain the status quo. The pessimists on your staff make the job harder for everyone around them. They make difficulties out of opportunities.
The sooner you accept the fact that you will have both successes and failures, the easier it will be to get your business and personal life headed in the right direction.
An optimist understands that life can be a bumpy road, but at least it is leading somewhere. They learn from mistakes and failures, and are not afraid to fail again.
The annals of business are filled with stories of companies that thought they had it made and could milk their enterprises without having to bother about improving their products or services. It's amazing how fast they found their markets disappearing.
Remember you're not entitled to anything. You have to earn your success every day, and you will make mistakes like everyone else.
No one ever wants to see his or her name linked to anything bad. Conscience is like a baby. It has to go to sleep before you can.
It's nice to be important, but more important to be nice. You don't know who your top customers will be five years from now or where you will be in 10 years. You may have a fancy title, but you will always need help from the people around you.
If you find yourself plagued by a recurrent worry, train yourself to think of something else. Your conscious mind can concentrate on only one thought at a time, and driving the negativity away will free you up to move forward again.
You learn how to be book smart in school, but you better not forget that you also need to be street smart.
