Argentinian,Businessman
I am a lifelong Democrat.
ChicagoNEXT is focused on making Chicago the best possible place for technology entrepreneurs.
Great law schools like Northwestern are here to expand the minds of their students, to allow them to achieve their personal goals, to enable them to contribute, to give back in ways that they could not without the education they receive here, and to help them make the greatest country in the world just a little more accessible, a little fairer.
The key to America's economic future is educating kids as early in their lives as we can.
In the World Cup, people of many nations come together for a fierce competition. To field the best team, all the competitor nations know that they need to train their athletes for many years, starting as early as the first moments a child can recognize a soccer ball. No shortcuts. No late starts.
You, as an entrepreneur, must make sure the postmoney valuation is a number you can obtain. You don't want too high of a valuation.
My uncles and my aunts were outstanding. There's just no other way to say it.
By definition, startups are not constrained by the limits of established company culture. And so they push boundaries and develop new technologies and ways of doing things.
Whatever you build, you're building for the family - not with an eye toward getting away, but with an eye toward adding to the family pie.
None of our family businesses were focused on technology. It was '93 when I came out of law school, and the Internet was taking hold. So I started New World Ventures.
When candidates have asked me for support before, they have asked for more than a check.
I'm involved in issues, and issues are about grass-roots politics.
In my day job, I worry non-stop about making wise investments for long-term gains.
I focus on supporting high quality early childhood health care and education. By betting my resources on very young children, I know I'm making an investment that pays guaranteed dividends with a high rate of return.
Early education is the type of issue politicians nod their heads at, and then when it comes time to make a tough decision, a financial trade-off, inevitably it's about the first item tossed from the table.
Early childhood education is an urgent educational, economic and moral imperative. Without it, we face a long-term national economic security crisis.
Any business owner can tell you that if their company isn't performing profitably and up to standards, one of two things will happen: either you make changes to improve its efficiency, or a competitor will drive you out of business. Market forces have a way of cutting to the chase rather quickly.
Head Start has been a key component of health, nutrition and early learning opportunities since the 1960s.
Studies have proven that early childhood education returns to society as much as $12 for every dollar invested. Our goal is to identify the most important development opportunities for children five years and younger, providing insight to transform early childhood education from a social policy issue into an economic imperative.
The Illinois Holocaust Museum & Education Center serves as a poignant reminder of our past and a trusted source of education for schoolchildren, community members, and visitors from across the country.
By legitimizing Iran's nuclear program, removing the pressure of economic sanctions, and allowing it to obtain conventional weapons and ballistic missiles, this agreement makes the prospect for war more likely, not less.
Ending Iran's nuclear threat and bringing it into the international community of law-abiding nations is one of the most pressing U.S. foreign policy objectives.
The people at the bottom who are working but working at relatively low wages need some help.
It takes so long for the folks who are earning minimum wage to finally see a little bit of a rise... that it takes a little nudge, I think, from government.
There's no doubt that there's a public backlash against the way campaign money is raised, but I don't think the only alternative is to elect people with money.
I am prepared to do whatever I can do and whatever is reasonable to make sure that it is Hillary who makes it to the White House and not Trump.
