American,Businessman
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.
Globalization has changed us into a company that searches the world, not just to sell or to source, but to find intellectual capital - the world's best talents and greatest ideas.
Be candid with everyone.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
You can't grow long-term if you can't eat short-term. Anybody can manage short. Anybody can manage long. Balancing those two things is what management is.
Management is all about managing in the short term, while developing the plans for the long term.
A strategy is something like, an innovative new product; globalization, taking your products around the world; be the low-cost producer. A strategy is something you can touch; you can motivate people with; be number one and number two in every business. You can energize people around the message.
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition.
Culture drives great results.
If you pick the right people and give them the opportunity to spread their wings and put compensation as a carrier behind it you almost don't have to manage them.
Change before you have to.
If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete.
I was never the smartest guy in the room. From the first person I hired, I was never the smartest guy in the room. And that's a big deal. And if you're going to be a leader - if you're a leader and you're the smartest guy in the world - in the room, you've got real problems.
There's no such thing as work-life balance. There are work-life choices, and you make them, and they have consequences.
You've got to eat while you dream. You've got to deliver on short-range commitments, while you develop a long-range strategy and vision and implement it. The success of doing both. Walking and chewing gum if you will. Getting it done in the short-range, and delivering a long-range plan, and executing on that.
Don't manage - lead change before you have to.
You got to be rigorous in your appraisal system. The biggest cowards are managers who don't let people know where they stand.
Giving people self-confidence is by far the most important thing that I can do. Because then they will act.
The biggest cowards are managers who don't let people know where they stand.
Strong managers who make tough decisions to cut jobs provide the only true job security in today's world. Weak managers are the problem. Weak managers destroy jobs.
The Internet is the Viagra of big business.
My main job was developing talent. I was a gardener providing water and other nourishment to our top 750 people. Of course, I had to pull out some weeds, too.
