American,Businessman
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
What we need to do is always lean into the future; when the world changes around you and when it changes against you - what used to be a tail wind is now a head wind - you have to lean into that and figure out what to do because complaining isn't a strategy.
We see our customers as invited guests to a party, and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better.
The best customer service is if the customer doesn't need to call you, doesn't need to talk to you. It just works.
What's dangerous is not to evolve.
The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'
I think frugality drives innovation, just like other constraints do. One of the only ways to get out of a tight box is to invent your way out.
We've had three big ideas at Amazon that we've stuck with for 18 years, and they're the reason we're successful: Put the customer first. Invent. And be patient.
It's not an experiment if you know it's going to work.
If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
If you can't tolerate critics, don't do anything new or interesting.
There'll always be serendipity involved in discovery.
Life's too short to hang out with people who aren't resourceful.
There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what you're good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.
I believe you have to be willing to be misunderstood if you're going to innovate.
Real estate is the key cost of physical retailers. That's why there's the old saw: location, location, location.
Because, you know, resilience - if you think of it in terms of the Gold Rush, then you'd be pretty depressed right now because the last nugget of gold would be gone. But the good thing is, with innovation, there isn't a last nugget. Every new thing creates two new questions and two new opportunities.
I don't think that you can invent on behalf of customers unless you're willing to think long-term, because a lot of invention doesn't work. If you're going to invent, it means you're going to experiment, and if you're going to experiment, you're going to fail, and if you're going to fail, you have to think long term.
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
My view is there's no bad time to innovate.
The killer app that got the world ready for appliances was the light bulb. So the light bulb is what wired the world. And they weren't thinking about appliances when they wired the world. They were really thinking about - they weren't putting electricity into the home. They were putting lighting into the home.
Amazon.com strives to be the e-commerce destination where consumers can find and discover anything they want to buy online.
Great industries are never made from single companies. There is room in space for a lot of winners.
The human brain is an incredible pattern-matching machine.
If your customer base is aging with you, then eventually you are going to become obsolete or irrelevant. You need to be constantly figuring out who are your new customers and what are you doing to stay forever young.
You know, we love stories and we love narrative; we love to get lost in an author's world.
I don't want to use my creative energy on somebody else's user interface.
If you only do things where you know the answer in advance, your company goes away.
Mediocre theoretical physicists make no progress. They spend all their time understanding other people's progress.
The book is not really the container for the book. The book itself is the narrative. It's the thing that people create.
I strongly believe that missionaries make better products. They care more. For a missionary, it's not just about the business. There has to be a business, and the business has to make sense, but that's not why you do it. You do it because you have something meaningful that motivates you.
Millions of people were inspired by the Apollo Program. I was five years old when I watched Apollo 11 unfold on television, and without any doubt it was a big contributor to my passions for science, engineering, and exploration.
I don't know about you, but most of my exchanges with cashiers are not that meaningful.
It is very difficult to get people to focus on the most important things when you're in boom times.
Ebooks had to happen.
For many people, extended reading sessions on an LCD display cause eyestrain.
I'm skeptical that the novel will be 're-invented.'
The key thing about a book is that you lose yourself in the author's world.
I'm skeptical of any mission that has advertisers at its centerpiece.
Cultures, for better or worse, are very stable.
I've always been at the intersection of computers and whatever they can revolutionize.
I'm a big fan of all-you-can-eat plans, because they're simpler for customers.
Part of company culture is path-dependent - it's the lessons you learn along the way.
One of the things it was obvious you could do with an online store is have a much more complete selection.
I think there are going to be a bunch of tablet-like devices. It's really a different product category.
For people who are readers, reading is important to them.
I like having the digital camera on my smart phone, but I also like having a dedicated camera for when I want to take real pictures.
On the Internet, companies are scale businesses, characterized by high fixed costs and relatively low variable costs. You can be two sizes: You can be big, or you can be small. It's very hard to be medium. A lot of medium-sized companies had the financing rug pulled out from under them before they could get big.
I went to Princeton specifically to study physics.
I think that, ah, I'm a very goofy sort of person in many ways.
Beautiful speech doesn't need protection, it's ugly speech that needs protection. We have these cultural norms that allow people to say really ugly things. You don't have to invite them to your dinner party, but you should let them say it.
When it comes to space, I see it as my job, I'm building infrastructure the hard way. I'm using my resources to put in place heavy lifting infrastructure so the next generation of people can have a dynamic, entrepreneurial explosion into space.
