American,Businessman
The beauty of the Internet is that anybody can be a broadcaster now.
Just because somebody says you are not trustworthy, that doesn't mean it is so... CNN's brand equity is built over 37 years doing hard work in very dangerous places... those who rely on CNN trust CNN more than ever.
I've said this forever - I've always believed the Today show is more than the sum of its parts.
It is a significant acknowledgment that the way people are watching television is changing and the model is quickly changing.
It's a growing trend. Viewers are our customers, but so are advertisers. And advertisers want different ways to reach our viewers.
Michael Jackson is the ultimate traffic accident. People can't take their eyes off him.
More traffic means more advertising dollars.
People are looking for original content in many different places, as are advertisers. This takes us into a whole new ballgame.
Local television is a slightly different story. It is under much more pressure in the same way that all local businesses are, whether that's a local newspaper, local radio or local television. But I think television in the aggregate is actually in very good shape.
The television business is actually going through a tremendous transition, but I think at the end of the day, television is still paramount.
We're in this transition period of figuring out how to deal with all the new technology that is out there, but television still proves to be the granddaddy of them all.
The cable model is just a better model. Dual revenue stream: advertising-supported and subscription-supported revenues.
I think it's the sign of a leader to step up and say, you know, when something's not working to have the guts to reverse it. And the worst thing you can do is to let that mistake linger.
CNBC is a very serious-minded financial news network, and what we've seen thus far from Fox appears to be not as investment-focused or financially focused, and that's good for us.
I've spent over half my life at NBC. This is the only place I have ever worked.
I think the era of access journalism as we've known it is over.
The perception of Donald Trump in capitals around the world is shaped, in many ways, by CNN. Continuing to have an adversarial relationship with that network is a mistake.
I don't regret putting 'The Apprentice' on television.
It's one of the things I respect about Time Warner and Turner: their understanding of CNN's independence.
If I was on Twitter, I'd probably get in trouble pretty quickly.
I watch a ton of CNN.
I don't think Vice and BuzzFeed are legitimate news organizations.
If you love television and you love news, CNN is the perfect place to be.
I've always been interested in the news, but I've always been interested in what's popular. I've always had a little bit of a populist take on things. Which I know is interesting when you talk about Donald Trump.
I like Donald. I guess I shouldn't call him that. I like President Trump. He's affable. He's funny.
The job of media is the accountability of government.
