American,Businessman
Kids don't know what life was like without cell phones.
Thank you for making me nouveau riche.
The object of advertising is to get people to feel better about the product you're selling.
On the weekends, some people garden; I slice salmon.
Imagine there wasn't photography. Where would we be? How would I remember what I looked like as a kid? It links us all. It keeps us all together; it's what our history is.
I am a temporary amusement.
The bad guys always fight dirty, and the good guys always fight clean.
If they can't suck money out of the Hamptons, a candidate really has to throw in the sponge.
My grandmother would start making her meat sauce at 7 in the morning on Sunday, and within five or six hours, that smell would be all through the house.
I came into the advertising business in 1952, at the age of sixteen, as a delivery boy for a stuffy, old-line advertising agency named Ruthruff and Ryan, which could have served as the setting for the 'Mad Men' television series without moving a desk.
Advertising should always be in good taste without a question.
Let's face it: in advertising, you are paid more, but you die younger. It's not very forgiving. Like sports stars, you're in it during your better years, and then you're out looking for work.
Husbands and wives fight, and when the wife is packing up, the husband says, 'Don't leave! I'm gonna change!' Marriages stay together because people promise to change.
Whether you're a mafia guy or in advertising, you always end up going back to your family.
It is now possible to target adverts to the right person at the right time in the right place. But that is not enough.
The Hamptons are filled with people who are winners Monday through Friday.
By 1961, when I got my first copywriting job, 'my kind' were suddenly in demand. The creative revolution had begun. Advertising had turned into a business dominated by young, funny, Jewish copywriters and tough, sometimes violent, Greek and Italian art directors.
With all my outside activities, I have to remind people I am really in advertising.
There is a great deal of advertising that is much better than the product. When that happens, all that the good advertising will do is put you out of business faster.
I honestly believe that advertising is the most fun you can have with your clothes on.
It goes back to all of us wanting to be in Hollywood. We're all dying to win an Oscar.
A lot of its readers are of an age where they forget to cancel.
That's great advertising when you can turn Chicago into a city you'd want to spend more than three hours in.
I came from a poor family in Coney Island. I learned to write by reading the 'Post.' This was my education.
I was the first advertising person who people could identify with.
I came into advertising in 1961. I had been turned down for jobs on the Ford account in the late Fifties as 'not their type.' If it hadn't been for Bill Bernbach, I would now be sitting in some luncheonette, continuing my life as a messenger.
I'm waiting for the candidate who says, 'I'm keeping things exactly the way they are. I like it this way.'
Everybody makes a lot of money when the French come to town.
The French are simply incapable of telling the truth.
I think people are getting bored of parties, and hosts are terrified nobody's going to show up. So they have to start entertaining them before the party even starts.
The whole idea of a spokesman is a joke and a fraud if you drop someone like a hot potato if there's controversy.
I've seen very few Hispanics and blacks who have been able to work their way into the advertising end of business.
No one wants to risk a million dollars on a few laughs. The big, flashy commercials are out. The soft sell is out.
I've never met a client who wants to be the worst.
Almost everything looks better from a distance, Long Island included.
People who are visiting Long Island find it's very beautiful, and they are quick to try Long Island foods, wines and other products.
If the FBI is now in charge of bad taste, we're all doomed.
Sometimes you have to scare people to save their lives. But I'm very much against it if you're trying to sell a product.
People don't generally like advertising that takes a stand.
In our quest to tweet, like, and trend, we have forgotten that brands can be built through advertising. Ads can generate big ideas that can never be trumped by tactics. That is the magic of an ad, and that is what is missing from many ads today.
Money is being wasted on adverts that go right over a consumer's head. They may win awards at Cannes, but they lose at the cash register.
The Google model of targeted advertising is appealing because it claims to cut down on waste. We need to ask how that efficiency can be brought to creative process.
The Internet is king. Newspapers are dead or dying. Magazines are shrinking every day. Ad budgets are being cut. The bottom line is now the only line in advertising.
I'm a driver, and I love it.
There are no client conflicts, only bad explanations.
I don't remember most of the '60s and '70s.
Most account guys live with fear in their hearts.
The establishment can't change. It can't give people anything different; it can't make the turn.
In my world - advertising - the Super Bowl is judgment day. If politicians have Election Day and Hollywood has the Oscars, advertising has the Super Bowl.
I couldn't get along with the French.
I think it's good to have switched to a much more visual world and that people are not all that interested in words.
There's still a place for someone to come up with a strong headline, some copy in a commercial that's well written. I'm not saying it was better in the old days; it's just a totally different way of communicating.
I have very talented art directors in my agency who start out telling me, 'Well, this is what the picture is... ' I ask, 'Well, what's the headline?' and they say, 'We haven't done that yet, but it looks this way.' But I'm still writing copy, almost every day.
I always had more women working for me than men.
I once attended an advertising conference held at the Greenbrier Hotel in 1968. The dean of the original Mad Men, the great David Ogilvy, was the keynote speaker. The subject of his speech was the new creative revolution in advertising.
I only know two to three people that I grew up with in advertising in the 1960s who are married to the same women.
What I love about the Don Draper character is that he's so real and filled with all these contradictions.
There's an eternal war between a creative person and the business person.
'Mad Men' is celebrating a time that no longer exists.
My first marriage ended after 24 years.
I want to die at my desk.
I have a small vocabulary, which I move around fast.
I invented myself.
A computer is a wonderful thing, but it's cold, and what comes out of it is sort of cold.
You can't be impatient about growth, because that's what leads people to make mistakes.
'Business Week' is guilty of very shoddy reporting.
The fact is, Joe Isuzu is very successful at selling cars.
There's nothing worse than winning but being told by people that you're losing.
Good products win out.
Why do all our friends and relatives destroy the summer for us? Why can't they get married in February?
I'm happy to pay my fair share - which is whatever the tax is right now.
I don't come from a lot of money. In fact, I don't come from any money.
At one point, I had over 800 employees, and I always paid all health care for my people - including a man who was my assistant who got HIV. I wound up paying his medical bills, which went into the hundreds of thousands. I'm not making myself out to be a saint. I did the right thing.
I'm careful to pay every single penny on my taxes. I don't have any money offshore.
