American,Businessman
As we start to get a little bit older, boy, keep your house in order. That's the key thing. It's not about the thrills anymore. It's about contentment, about having some serenity.
Football is so popular, people know they can sell their story in a newspaper form or a rating on TV, so they use football because what they are more about is the business of, you know, selling newspapers or seeing commercial time on TV.
These diseases, both alcoholism and addiction, much like bipolar or depression and different illnesses, are still not seen as real diseases. People shy away from seeking help because it's viewed as being somewhat morally off the path, that they've lost their way.
I really think the disease aspect gets lost when you're talking about alcoholism and addiction; it's not like you're battling leukemia or a heart problem; it is that.
You don't tell a player you can't monitor your investments for a month. There's no way you're going to have a billion-dollar investment and never fail to monitor it for a period of time.
I've always felt like I had a personal relationship with fans. I'm not afraid to be emotional or vulnerable or humble.
I have successfully dealt with my dependence and my chronic pain issues. I ask that my privacy and that of my family be respected on this health issue.
There's this myth that there's no loyalty in football. Well, there's tremendous loyalty and emotion and respect that go into the coaches and players you've gone into battle with. But as an owner, you have to make the decisions that are the right ones for the organization, that are the right ones that will help you win.
Part of me goes back to being 8 years old and going on the train 45 minutes to wait at a bank to get Ernie Banks' autograph. Or when I was a ball boy, becoming best buddies with some of the undrafted or late-drafted guys, them becoming like our big brothers, and then the pain of cut day and watching them get cut.
My philosophy on quarterbacks is, first and foremost, you've got to keep them healthy and on the field.
In a perfect world, you make a seamless transition from one great era to the next, but that rarely happens. I've studied these things: how do you go from the Aikman-Irvin-Smith Cowboys to the next era? I'm all for continuity. I wish we could have done it that way with Bill Polian, Jim Caldwell, Peyton.
That may be one of the qualities a lot of owners have. They thrive on times that are challenging and changing because you have to grasp the big picture.
You'd like to transition with continuity, have people in your own organization rise up and continue forward, whether in coaching or personnel or players.
There's great affection, tremendous loyalty, but anytime you open up the season, when you walk in the locker room, there is a circle, and my obligation to everyone in that locker room is the circle has to be as strong as possible to give us a chance to win.
Continuity is a great thing; staying the course and being patient, those are important virtues. But also there is virtue in being realistic enough to know you have to make serious changes sometimes.
I was 11 years old when the Beatles broke up. I was a Lennon fanatic - I mean, I loved Paul too, but Lennon was the guy - and there was always this dream of the Beatles getting back together; there was always this hope.
This perception that I'm negative toward Peyton and I don't appreciate the things he did is so far from the truth.
Never once was it said I was disappointed Peyton didn't win us more than one championship.
We wanted Peyton to have a chance to win another Super Bowl. We have a chance to honor him like we did other players that came back. He's one of the greatest players. In the end. you look for a great football game, and that's what you hope for.
I have a photographic memory for numbers.
In the '60s, I sat with my dad in frozen Wrigley Field at Bears games.
I leave a $100 bill and a note to the housekeeper at every hotel I've ever been in. It's important to write that they're recognized and appreciated.
I'm just trying to avoid any future surgery. I'm just trying to stand up straighter. And the hip and back are better.
I've always thought it's a great privilege to be a part of the NFL. Every day, you just treasure it.
It's all been a blessing, just being able to focus on my health and redouble the efforts on recovery. It's been a long path. I still have chronic pain.
I hold myself to the highest of standards.
