American,Businessman
I learned playing poker that you never count your winnings because that's when you start to lose.
Nothing so enchants attorneys general, their eyes generally fixed on higher public office, as slinging accusations against successful financial executives. Preening press conferences and fawning media coverage are virtually guaranteed, whether or not the charges have substance.
You only have to worry about going to jail if you break the law. That's pretty simple.
The wealth that was created by my investments wasn't put into a giant swimming pool as so many elected demagogues seem to imagine. Instead it benefitted our employees, their families and our community at large.
The essence of business to me is great people run great companies. Mediocre people don't do a very good job.
A million dollars in the presidential election is a spit in the ocean. It's not a lot of money.
Dick Grasso would be a superb mayor of the City of New York. He loves the city.
The biggest single challenge to America and our future is income inequality. We've got to fix it.
My connection was we never want to put ourselves in a position as a nation where we pit group against group.
I'm nuts, I'm rich, and boy, do I love a fight!
I decided I was going to go to Wall Street, and I was introduced to some people... I met a guy who knew a bond trader at Pressprich, and he got me to meet him and the guy that ran their sales department, Jack Collin.
Rich people in one country don't act the same as rich people in another country.
America has thrived on capitalism, and America will thrive again on capitalism.
We had 90 percent taxes before in America. All right? Didn't work.
You want to close the income inequality gap in part? Give us better educated kids out of high school. Give us kids that can challenge and succeed in the challenge with technology. You give us those kinds of kids, and watch the needle move.
People can't live on $7.50 an hour.
We took the position we wanted our people to be better than minimum wage, so we're going to pay better than minimum wage, and we still do that.
You can have a phenomenal technology with bad people; you're not gonna have much success. You can have mediocre technology with great people; they'll figure out a way to make a buck.
I'm a stockholder. I own a lot of stocks.
America is a powerful country. America is a great country. We have enormous resiliency. Any time we have had our back to the wall, we have come out a winner.
I worked hard to get where I am. And I started with nothing.
We ought to look at Social Security. We ought to ask ourselves the question, is there inherently something wrong with Social Security that a man like me is eligible for Social Security? There's something wrong with the system.
Buy a stock at two, have it go to 30. You feel like you're on top of the world.
My own feeling on the consumer is that he - he or she looks at what it costs them to pay their bills every month as opposed to how much debt they have.
The economy is a collection of emotions.
Genes don't mean necessarily that you have got a certain strand of gene that makes you particularly acceptable as a public official.
