South African,Businessman
Strong communities are built around local, real food. Food we trust to nourish our bodies, the farmer and planet.
The hard part about following your purpose is the distraction everyone pulls you toward.
The problem is that restaurants have assumed that kids don't want to eat anything other than chicken nuggets or fast-food burgers, but they do. They want to eat things that taste good.
I was very afraid of failure because if you fail at something you love, then you ruin what you love.
My brother is about energy. SpaceX is his passion, and I love being a part of that company. Energy is where he spends a lot of his time and thinking in terms of having an impact on the world.
For me, creating a supply chain of what we should be eating is incredibly complicated. It's complicated to figure out how to change the food system in America.
The idea behind fast food is great - people want convenience.
We want kids to value real food and understanding that it isn't just about feeding people but about nourishing the body, the community and the planet.
If you're a vegan fast food joint in L.A., you just don't speak the same language as the heartland.
People are overweight and starving at the same time. It's a tragedy for both the individual and society.
Nikola Tesla, one of Colorado's famous residents, always believed that the gasoline engine made no sense.
My advice for any entrepreneur or innovator is to get into the food industry in some form so you have a front-row seat to what's going on.
I used to throw cooking parties in university. Everyone would come over - sometimes you'd just do a mac and cheese, but if you do that better than everyone else, you can get people to come to you.
Users are open to ads as long as they're relevant to their realtime experience.
Boulder was not the small town I had expected. It is a vivacious community of sophisticated people, who have the same aspirations and expectations you find in New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
Kids gave Elon a very hard time, and it had a huge impact on his life.
Let's get government support for farmers to make the transition to organic.
The best training ground in the world is Silicon Valley and the tech space.
Back in 1995, I saw an incredible wave coming. The Internet. I knew I needed to be a part of it no matter what I did.
Food is the new Internet.
I went to New York to train as a chef, and I had the good or bad fortune, depending on how you describe it, of being right there during 9/11. It was one of the best and the worst experiences.
We have been growing more food than we need since the '60s... what we have is a terrible distribution problem.
The problem is not actual number of calories we are producing - we have food waste issues. The problem is industrial food.
Twenty-first-century food is going to be real food. Real food is food that is truly nourishing for the consumer, the community, and the planet.
The Kitchen's mission is to strengthen communities by bringing local, real food to everyone.
We want our communities to know what real food is.
You bring people together with food. You connect them and tie the fabric of society together through food.
Anyone who thinks restaurants are hard should try working at a tech company.
At Tesla, we don't go into a community and think we're going to sell one or two cars.
We're social beings, and food is one of the things we can use three times a day to connect with family or with friends.
A lot of people think about food as fuel, where you need to get nutrients in your body.
I really believe that people don't have to eat healthy; they just have to know what they are eating, and then they'll eat better. That is really the movement we are behind.
People love to interact in real time, whether it is with each other or with content.
Advertisers really want to create ads that are relevant to the realtime experience.
Realtime ads are the perfect way for an advertiser to connect with users in a social environment.
The question is not 'Why advertise in realtime?' The question is, 'Who are the brands and businesses that are going to be built off the realtime web?'
Using realtime ads, even mortgage companies can create ads that matter to you right now.
Publishers can use realtime ad technology to build their brand on the realtime web. Realtime ad technology gets their hottest content in front of users seconds after it is published, ensuring that their content gets shared and becomes viral before their competitors.
Square Roots creates campuses of climate-controlled, indoor, hydroponic vertical farms, right in the hearts of our biggest cities.
I joined the board of Chipotle because no company has ever been able to scale fresh, properly sourced food in the history of America.
Community through food is my mission; it is what I do.
It is an interesting thing. Every time I try and stray from the path of food, I get whacked.
Young people, especially, are turning away from McDonald's towards healthy, locally-sourced options like Next Door and Sweetgreen.
Microwave sales have plateaued as people realize that reheated TV dinners give us no joy.
We're moving to be more of a plant-based society.
People want real food. The demand for it is through the roof.
The reality is that we connect through food, and we have the opportunity to do it three times a day.
The Kitchen was a really great concept; it just wasn't at the price point that made it accessible to people. People could visit occasionally, and some people were coming regularly. It just wasn't a novel concept for every customer.
After I broke my neck, I began thinking more about The Kitchen: How can we come up with some way to make real food more affordable? Food that's locally-grown, if possible, fundamentally nourishing to the body, nourishing to the planet.
We want to replace all the T.G.I. Friday's, Applebee's - at a price point that is arguably even lower than those guys.
It's only a risk if you think there's a chance of failure.
As a South African, the idea of turkey was new to me. And confusing. It's about the least flavorful bird on the planet.
You should brine your turkey. Don't even think about not brining your turkey. Ever.
If you're a commodity corn farmer in Iowa, you're locked into an infrastructure that keeps you a commodity corn farmer.
It would be so simple for the government to support farmers to become more profitable and farm sustainably.
Learning Gardens are outdoor classrooms, engaging learning environments where kids learn about math, science, entrepreneurship, and above all else, real food.
Sadly, many people in our biggest cities are at the mercy of industrial food.
The industrial food system ships in high-calorie, low-nutrient, processed food from thousands of miles away. It leaves us disconnected from our food and the people who grow it.
There's no doubt about it: people want local, real food.
We believe PulseRank will replace PageRank over time for the real-time Web.
I want to make the school-garden movement work.
After my accident, the stuff that mattered was stuff that made a difference in the world, not the stuff that made money.
Start with the young, work with them until they are adults, and they will demand real food.
When you have the demand, you can change the government policies that create McDonald's and junk food.
As a kid, I'd never have avocado. You'd get some melon and the odd fresh peach. But avocados? Mangoes? I'd never had a mango in my life.
People always ask what kind of restaurant we have, and it's like a five-minute conversation. The short answer is, 'We're creating community through food.' That's the big idea we had, the product we're exporting. And it has paid off.
Building one garden in L.A. - it might be a nice gesture - but it won't make a difference. We have to start to change the culture of the community.
Memphis is a vibrant and diverse city that is on the verge of a Real Food renaissance. We are more than thrilled to be part of that movement by investing in the Crosstown and Shelby Farms Park developments.
Young people contact me all the time to articulate issues with the industrial food system, but they are frustrated by their perceived inability to do anything about it.
It's relatively easy to set up a tech company, join an accelerator, and progress down a pathway towards success. It's more complex to do that with food.
We get emails from parents asking us what kale is because their kids are asking for it. That kind of extraordinary presence in the community is critical to the future of real food.
We already solved the problem of feeding the world in the 1960s, when we started serving cheeseburgers.
Everyone has to eat, so the opportunities in the space are incredible.
