American,Businessman
When you innovate, you've got to be prepared for everyone telling you you're nuts.
I have had all of the disadvantages required for success.
What is Oracle? A bunch of people. And all of our products were just ideas in the heads of those people - ideas that people typed into a computer, tested, and that turned out to be the best idea for a database or for a programming language.
Our goal is very simply to become the desktop for e-businesses.
I started NetSuite. NetSuite was my idea. I called up Evan Goldberg and said, 'We're going to do ERP on the Internet, software-as-a-service.' Six months later Marc Benioff, finding out what NetSuite was doing, and kind of copied it.
They don't call it the Internet anymore, they call it cloud computing. I'm no longer resisting the name. Call it what you want.
Autonomy was shopped to us. We looked at the price and thought it was absurdly high.
We'll continue to expand our footprint... Oracle's Fusion cloud applications for HCM, CRM and ERP all have a new simplified user interface and an integrated social network that makes our enterprise applications as easy-to-use and familiar as Facebook, while enabling better collaboration and teamwork among your employees and your customers.
When you write a program for Android, you use the Oracle Java tools for everything, and at the very end, you push a button and say, 'Convert this to Android format.'
I believe people have to follow their dreams - I did.
We think we're going to be especially strong in platform where we have our two platform brands: our database brand is the Oracle Database 12c, and our programming language brand is this thing called Java.
Be careful about virtual relationships with artificially intelligent pieces of software.
Oracle's got 100+ enterprise applications live in the #cloud; today, SAP's got nothin' but SuccessFactors until 2020.
What is Oracle? It's people. We rely on our HR department to build this organization, to help find those people, to help grow those people.
We saw - we conducted the experiment. I mean, it's been done. We saw Apple with Steve Jobs. We saw Apple without Steve Jobs. We saw Apple with Steve Jobs. Now, we're gonna see Apple without Steve Jobs.
A corporation's primary goal is to make money. Government's primary role is to take a big chunk of that money and give it to others.
It's Microsoft versus mankind, with Microsoft having only a slight lead.
Bill Gates wants people to think he's Edison, when he's really Rockefeller. Referring to Gates as the smartest man in America isn't right... wealth isn't the same thing as intelligence.
Bill Gates is the pope of the personal computer industry. He decides who's going to build.
I am so disturbed by kids who spend all day playing videogames.
I'm in two modes when I'm on Lanai: In engineering mode, I'm trying to find the right place for the reservoir and the desalination plant, and looking at designs for new hotel rooms. The rest of the time, I'm in decompression mode. I'm on Hulopoe Beach, going for a swim, or on my paddleboard surrounded by 100 spinner dolphins.
We've announced an Oracle Virtual Compute Appliance, a bunch of low-cost commodity servers running Linux, integrated in our case, with InfiniBand - connected with InfiniBand vs. the traditional Ethernet.
To model yourself after Steve Jobs is like, 'I'd like to paint like Picasso, what should I do? Should I use more red?'
I wish HP nothing but the best. I think HP is an icon. Those of us who had their careers in the Valley think of Dave Packard and Bill Hewlett as role models. We would love to be half as good as they were.
We have most of the software industry running Autonomy.
We think a modern cloud lets you decide when you want to upgrade. We don't decide for you.
