American,Businessman
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
The speed of the boss is the speed of the team.
Management is nothing more than motivating other people.
In the end, all business operations can be reduced to three words: people, product, and profits.
You can have brilliant ideas, but if you can't get them across, your ideas won't get you anywhere.
Start with good people, lay out the rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things effectively, you can't miss.
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
So what do we do? Anything. Something. So long as we just don't sit there. If we screw it up, start over. Try something else. If we wait until we've satisfied all the uncertainties, it may be too late.
To succeed today, you have to set priorities, decide what you stand for.
My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life.
The affections are like lightning: you cannot tell where they will strike till they have fallen.
The one word that makes a good manager - decisiveness.
Any supervisor worth his salt would rather deal with people who attempt too much than with those who try too little.
The most successful businessman is the man who holds onto the old just as long as it is good, and grabs the new just as soon as it is better.
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
I've always found that the speed of the boss is the speed of the team.
Decisiveness is the one word that makes a good manager.
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.
I was at Ford for 32 years. I went to Chrysler in 1978, four or five months after I got canned by Henry Ford.
We at Chrysler borrow money the old-fashioned way. We pay it back.
There is no substitute for accurate knowledge. Know yourself, know your business, know your men.
The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything.
If you want to make good use of your time, you've got to know what's most important and then give it all you've got.
I have always found that if I move with seventy-five percent or more of the facts that I usually never regret it. It's the guys who wait to have everything perfect that drive you crazy.
