American,Businessman
Good advertising does not just circulate information. It penetrates the public mind with desires and belief.
Make it simple. Make it memorable. Make it inviting to look at. Make it fun to read.
When you reach for the stars you may not quite get one, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either.
Advertising says to people, 'Here's what we've got. Here's what it will do for you. Here's how to get it.'
Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people.
If you can't turn yourself into your customer, you probably shouldn't be in the ad writing business at all.
What helps people, helps business.
Plan the sale when you plan the ad.
To swear off making mistakes is very easy. All you have to do is swear off having ideas.
The greatest thing to be achieved in advertising, in my opinion, is believability, and nothing is more believable than the product itself.
The secret of all effective originality in advertising is not the creation of new and tricky words and pictures, but one of putting familiar words and pictures into new relationships.
We want consumers to say, 'That's a hell of a product' instead of, 'That's a hell of an ad.'
The secret of all effective advertising is not the creation of new and tricky words and pictures, but one of putting familiar words and pictures into new relationships.
Anyone who thinks that people can be fooled or pushed around has an inaccurate and pretty low estimate of people - and he won't do very well in advertising.
There's no such thing as 'hard sell' and 'soft sell.' There's only 'smart sell' and 'stupid sell.'
If you don't get noticed, you don't have anything. You just have to be noticed, but the art is in getting noticed naturally, without screaming or without tricks.
There is no such thing as a permanent advertising success.
The work of an advertising agency is warmly and immediately human. It deals with human needs, wants, dreams and hopes. Its 'product' cannot be turned out on an assembly line.
Regardless of the moral issue, dishonesty in advertising has proved very unprofitable.
The sole purpose of business is service. The sole purpose of advertising is explaining the service which business renders.
Whether or not the standard of living made possible by mass production and in turn by mass circulation, is supported by and filled with the work of us hucksters, I guess is something that only history can decide.
Advertising is the ability to sense, interpret... to put the very heart throbs of a business into type, paper and ink.
I have learned that any fool can write a bad ad, but that it takes a real genius to keep his hands off a good one.
I have learned that you can't have good advertising without a good client, that you can't keep a good client without good advertising, and no client will ever buy better advertising than he understands or has an appetite for.
I regard a great ad as the most beautiful thing in the world.
Too many ads that try not to go over the reader's head end up beneath his notice.
