American,Businessman
People with water-borne diseases occupy more than 50% of hospital beds across the world. Does the answer lie in building more hospitals? Really, what is needed is to give them clean water.
Service to others seems the only intelligent choice for the use of wealth.
Charity is very difficult to do right. Thinking through what people need: You can't start a charity without that. It's like starting a business without the product.
If you have more money than your lifestyle, then you can either do something stupid or smart. That's not much of a choice. That's like saying, 'You are on the roof. you can either take the elevator, or you can jump.' That's not a choice.
My choice was to ruin my son's life by giving him money or giving 90-plus percent to charity. Not much of a choice.
Working hard is way more fun. If you had to goof off 40 hours a week, you couldn't do it. It would drive you crazy.
I didn't want to be known. People say, 'I didn't want to toil in obscurity.' I like toiling in obscurity.
Water is good, but if you have too much, you drown. So is water bad, or is it good? It's both.
Philanthropy is natural. For a mother, taking care of her children is natural. If I am rich, I take care of the poor, like a mother would.
To me, it's impolite to go out shopping with no money.
I'm probably the wealthiest Indian in America.
Nobody moves on purpose to Detroit.
Chemicals are really simple. You mix a couple things together and sell it for more than the materials cost.
5-Hour Energy is not an energy drink, it's a focus drink. But we can't say that. The FDA doesn't like the word 'focus.' I have no idea why.
5-hour Energy has always been about helping hard working people, and the Amazing People program takes this further by making a significant difference in the lives of those who are working through difficult circumstances.
Caffeine is a good thing.
My father had a flourishing business as a publisher in North India.
Working manually is not considered bad in the U.S.
I have not cared for money, and I enjoy working. Money comes my way. People work hard so they get enough money. Or they work hard so they don't have to work hard later in life. But though I don't need money, I still work hard because I like what I am doing.
If your mind is still, you're the happiest.
The more you consume, the more insecure you are. It's the nature of the world.
Recruiting is the hardest part of any business, but in charity, it is 10 times harder.
If you don't improve the lives of the poor, it's not charity.
The biggest challenge is always the governments - they try to stop all good things. I try to stay away from them as much as I can, as I know if someone can destroy something good, it's the government.
Some people collect stamps, other people like to be famous. I don't have that hobby.
Most of the people don't know that one of the great qualities of caffeine is it allows you to absorb nutrients, and it does it quickly, and so when it does it quickly, you focus, and when you focus, you think you have energy.
