American,Businessman
Without execution, 'vision' is just another word for hallucination.
The day you feel like you've won, you need to drive out of the parking lot and not come back.
I know only a few ways to take market share and drive new revenue. I can engineer better products and services, I can build better relationships with my customers and deliver a higher level of service, or I can give my customers a lower price.
Processes break in two ways. They break because they don't have the right checks and balances and because they don't have the right execution.
There's money in the old stuff, but there's more wealth created in the new growth areas.
After formulating and communicating the right strategy and optimizing operations to execute that strategy, CEOs and other top leaders then must be able to build management teams that truly understand the big picture.
When I was at Teradata, I got called a growth guy. And then when I became C.E.O. of the whole company, I got called a cost-cutter. Then, I came to H.P. and became an operations guy.
I really don't want the best people at the highest cost.
I have been competing against IBM my whole career. It's a good company, with good management and a good team.
My day starts at 4:30 A.M., and I sort of have two speeds: fast and stop.
Executives need ample flexibility to respond to the market. That means both reducing costs and increasing innovation.
References drive the industry.
Oracle will continue to componentize all of its solutions so we can work in a heterogeneous environment.
When someone gets a job, it better be clear what they did to get it.
We need to temper the idea that this company has to have some earthshaking event every 15 minutes.
The more I use a matrix, the easier I make it to blame someone else.
The more accountable I can make you, the easier it is for you to show you're a great performer.
Our job is to execute.
My objective with strategy is to be very repetitive, to be somewhat boring, to allow people to coalesce behind a common direction.
I have to put people in the right spot so that if they execute, we win.
We have, of course, all of our Oracle technologies in our cloud. But I don't think you're going to see customers wanting to deal with 50 clouds or 40 clouds or anything like that.
CIOs have to be able to lay out a clear path in concert with the business leader - I used to make the business guy responsible for the apps and force them to answer the question of why they feel they need non-standard apps when they know that's how the costs skyrocket.
CIOs have earned a strategic seat at the table, but now they've got to hold that seat - and the only way they can do that is to converse in the language of business value and business benefits and business outcomes that all align perfectly with the strategic agenda of the company.
From a productivity standpoint, you're supposed to reduce headcount on par with declining revenue. If you believe the environment isn't going to improve, you should take a bigger cut to get in front of the problems.
I've been lucky to be at companies that have been at interesting intersections at the time I've been able to run them and lead them.
I'm old, I'm used to crummy service, I'm trained to get crummy service. To me, the fact I can get through to a call centre and then hold for 15 minutes, I don't get that upset. My kids won't. They want to know the answer to their question now. As a company you have to provide an answer to that consumer.
When I left HP, I thought about sitting it out for a while.
You have got to get the strategy right; you have to get the operations right - lined up from R&D out to the field.
There's a powerful tendency to overcomplicate the whole notion of leadership.
