German,Businessman
I am an emotional person, and soccer is sheer emotion. For me, it is the best way to unwind.
The violations of these diesel motors by our company go against everything that Volkswagen stands for... at this time, I don't yet have the answers to all the questions. I'm utterly sorry that we have damaged trust in this way. I offer my deepest apologies to our customers, the authorities, and to the public at large for our misconduct.
I clearly say yes to Big Data, yes to greater security and convenience, but no to paternalism and Big Brother.'
The hybrid engine costs a lot of money, and customers are hardly willing to spend so much more for a car.
I have always been driven by the ambition to solve every problem I face, whether as a scientist, engineer or entrepreneur.
There are always opportunities one cannot pass up.
It is important to exhaust the potential of existing markets. But it is equally important to open up new markets.
Volkswagen must continue to attack and make good use of its opportunities.
VW's future is increasingly being decided in China, Russia, India, the Americas and Southeast Asia. This is where we will generate most of our growth in future.
VW grows with the challenges. We continue to do, even when times are tough.
The United States will remain one of the most important markets for VW.
Combining their operating business will make Volkswagen and Porsche even stronger - both financially and strategically - going forward.
Audi has fewer problems with electronics than any other company.
If you want to be promoted into the first league of carmakers, then you can't just follow suit.
When a customer sits inside the car, then they have to have the feeling that it's an Audi - whether it's the leatherwork or the bodywork. All these things must be typically Audi.
Americans are as they are. We have to accept this. Lots of Europeans forget that.
The integrated automotive group of Volkswagen and Porsche is a certainty.
I would like to thank Wolfgang Schreiber for his successful work with Bentley and Bugatti and the consistent further development of the two brands.
2008 was a good - a very successful year for Volkswagen.
The Volkswagen Group has proved that it can remain firmly on track even when the terrain is slippery.
MoMA is one of the world's most admired cultural institutions.
The two inventions of the century, the car and the computer, are gradually coming closer together.
The U.S. market has the highest priority for Volkswagen.
Growth in the Chinese automobile market has exceeded everyone's expectations.
The Volkswagen Group offers the world's largest low-CO2 fleet.
The automotive year 2013 was, especially for European car makers, extremely challenging.
