Businessman
Intimidation, harassment and violence have no place in a democracy.
Compared to developed countries, or even to some major emerging countries, burdened by aging populations, financial crises, widening budget deficits, faltering faith in politics and growing social demands, Africa has become the world's last 'New Frontier:' a kind of 'it-continent.'
We measure everything - why not governance?
You get over your first love by falling in love with something new.
Behind every corrupt politician are 10-20 corrupt businessmen.
I think we need to look at ourselves first. We should practice what we're preaching. Otherwise, we are hypocrites.
We cannot expect loyalty to an unjust regime.
I came to the conclusion that unless you are ruled properly, you cannot move forward. Everything else is second. Everything.
Positive market incentives operating in the public interest are too few and far between, and are also up against a seemingly never-ending expansion of perverse incentives and lobbying.
Nobody in Africa loves to be a beggar or a recipient of aid. Everywhere I go in Africa, people say, 'When are we going to stand up on our feet?'
Rule of law is the most important element in any civil society.
Celtel established a mobile phone network in Africa at a time when investors told me that there was no market for mobile phones there.
People never confess to failure. They should.
Young people, all too often, find their interests overlooked and their voices ignored.
If we are to build grassroots respect for the institutions and processes that constitute democracy, the state must treat its citizens as real citizens rather than as subjects.
I need to be free, to speak the unspeakable. You can't do that in office.
African leaders work really under severe limitations and constraints.
More people smile at me now I'm richer.
It is very difficult for any dictator or any incumbent to falsify the results of an election and just get away with it.
There is a crisis of leadership and governance in Africa, and we must face it.
Literacy in Tunisia is almost 100%. It's amazing - no country in the region or even in Asia can match Tunisia in education.
I left Sudan when I was 25 or 26 years old. If I had stayed, I would never have ended up being an entrepreneur. You can have the qualities, but if you don't have the environment, you just wither away. It's like a fish: take it out of water, it will not survive.
Roads are not practical in Africa.
The problem is that many times people suspend their common sense because they get drowned in business models and Harvard business school teachings.
When you ask people what they think of Africa, they think of AIDS, genocide, disasters, famine.
What do you do if you're an executive who resigns? You declare yourself a consultant.
I never set out really to build a financial empire or to be a wealthy man.
The way forward for Africa is investment.
Young people are better educated. They grew up in a society which is well connected, well informed. They are able to communicate to one another, to know what is happening.
The African Development Bank is one of the most aggressive advocates of regional integration.
Nobody messes with China, nobody messes with the United States, or with Europe, because these are really big entities with a lot of clout and a lot of economic power. They have a place at the table.
The leakage of information means you're going to be able to read everybody's e-mail.
We need to keep pressure on our own governments to force more and more transparency.
If economic progress is not translated into better quality of life and respect for citizens' rights, we will witness more Tahrir Squares in Africa.
Africa's success stories are delivering the whole range of the public goods and services that citizens have a right to expect and are forging a path that we hope more will follow.
Africa is underpopulated. We have 20% of the world's landmass and 13% of its population.
Africa is rich, and why are we poor then if our continent is rich. It is not right.
Every man, woman and child knows about Mugabe, but people say, 'Mogae, who is that?'
Modern slavery is a hidden crime and notoriously difficult to measure.
Africa offers the highest return on investment in the world.
The issue with international institutions is that there is a crisis of legitimacy. Trust in these institutions is a serious problem.
The Security Council represents the situation from 1945 - you had the Allies who won the war who occupied that. The defeated guys - the Germans and Japan - were out. The occupied countries had no voice. That was fine in '45, but today, Germany rules Europe, frankly. They are driving Europe but have no voice.
Look at the international bodies that came out of U.N. - international, publicly funded bodies that neither you or I know their names, because they are completely outdated and still publicly funded because there are no sunset clauses.
Experience counts in government even more than in business.
Electoral turnout is falling among the young, and political apathy is on the rise.
It's time Africa started listening to our young people instead of always telling them what to do.
For citizens to become fully engaged in holding their leadership to account, accurate information is required to see where action is needed, to measure the results of policies and programmes, to build support for courageous decisions and to consolidate political legitimacy.
Remarkably, governments are beginning to embrace the idea that nothing enhances democracy more than giving voice and information to everybody in the country. Why not open their books if they have nothing to hide?
Mexico established a unique three-part governing system shared by the government, the information commission and civil society organisations.
Challenging vested interests requires a government's full commitment.
Mobile phones could not work in Africa without prepaid because it's a cash society.
Mobile phones play a really wonderful role in enabling civil society. As well as empowering people economically and socially, they are a wonderful political tool.
Billions of dollars are thrown at African countries.
Make as much money as you can, but can you please pay your taxes, because this is a major problem.
Transfer pricing is causing huge problems in Africa.
Before any investor goes into any country, he is looking for the exit door.
The U.S. has been a great friend all these years, but as soon as Africa found itself starting to move up, the U.S. is really disengaging.
Africa is progressing but maybe not in the way you think it is. Even if the overall picture looks good, we must all remain vigilant and not get complacent.
Now is the time for Afro-realism: for sound policies based on honest data, aimed at delivering results.
In a world of growing food demand, Africa is home to two-thirds of the world's unexploited arable land.
While the Marshall Plan was important for Europe's recovery, Europe's prosperity was really built on economic integration and policy coherence.
All we hear about Africa in the West is Darfur, Zimbabwe, Congo, Somalia, as if that is all there is.
Mobile communications had been around for a long time, but always as a limited market, constrained by the radio spectrum.
Tony Blair is paid $500,000 for one speech, and no one asks how he is going to spend it.
What we need in Africa is balanced development. Economic success cannot be a replacement for human rights or participation or democracy... it doesn't work.
The Ibrahim Index is a tool to hold governments to account and frame the debate about how we are governed.
Everywhere in Africa, you see Indian, Chinese, Brazilian businesses. Other than Coca Cola and the oil companies, it is very rare to see American businesses.
I am not a politician. I am not in politics. I'm just a citizen.
The state and its elites must be subject, in theory and in practice, to the same laws that its poorest citizens are.
I don't subscribe to the narrative that Africa is backward because of colonialism.
Not any amount of aid is going to move Africa forward.
Societies are not sustainable without institutions.
If you are African, the more educated you are, the less chances you have of getting a job.
Women in Africa are really the pillar of the society, are the most productive segment of society, actually. They do agriculture.
Women do kids. Women do cooking. Women doing everything. And yet, their position in society is totally unacceptable.
The mobile industry changed Africa.
Most of the money I made has gone back to Africa or is going back to Africa.
I am a Nubian.
There's no point in trying to hoard money after life, so better really to share with people.
I come from a typical family.
I'm an engineer. I'm a techie, really.
Many African people are smarter than me - kids who could have been better. I have no claim for genius.
I think the Cold War was worse for Africa than colonialism.
Retail banking in Africa is very weak. You can't go to a village and get money from an ATM or visit a branch of the bank. So people have to use the Internet.
I never had a doubt that I wanted to do engineering.
You fly for hours and hours and hours over Africa to go from one place to another.
I'm uncomfortable, frankly, with the hype about Africa. We went from one extreme... to, like, Africa now is the best thing after sliced bread.
If we cannot accurately measure poverty, we surely cannot accurately measure our efforts to tackle it.
Governance has been at the heart of the work of the Oxford Martin Commission for Future Generations and is a clear focus in its report, 'Now for the Long Term.'
After the sale of Celtel, I really wanted to give the money back, and I had a number of choices - to go and buy masses of blankets and baby milk or to go into Darfur or Congo. That would have been very nice actually, but it's just like an aspirin: it doesn't deal with the problem.
When Captain Moussa Dadis Camara came to power, too many thought he would hold to his promise to stand down, introduce democratic elections and restore the rule of law.
What is a government supposed to do for its people? To improve the standard of living, to help them get jobs, get kids to schools, and have access to medicine and hospitals. Government may not directly provide these public goods and services, but government must be accountable for whether or not they are delivered to citizens.
When I was young, there was only one TV channel, sponsored by the government, and it only broadcast things like what the leader had for breakfast. There was no real media.
Many Africans are used to a life where they get up in the morning and don't know what they're going to do that day.
The brain drain from Africa has been reversed.
The Nobel Prize is worth $1.5 million, but that's not the issue. Do the distinguished scientists who win the Nobel Prize need the money? Probably not. The honor is more important the money, and that's the case with the prize for African leadership as well.
Rwanda really did take very strong steps towards development. I mean, this place is unrecognizable. There's a very good management of economy and resources - it's a success story, and that's great.
The Zimbabwean people, like everyone else, have a right to live in freedom and prosperity and to select their leaders through fair and democratic elections.
Nobody can come and develop Africa on behalf of Africans.
To be frank, I don't think President Obama gives much thought to Africa - or gives much to Africa.
Multinationals don't pay taxes in Africa - we all know that.
Business is global. Countries need to react to that; taxes need to be paid where profit arises.
