Indian,Businessman
Engineering or technology is all about using the power of science to make life better for people, to reduce cost, to improve comfort, to improve productivity, etc.
Growth is painful. Change is painful. But, nothing is as painful as staying stuck where you do not belong.
Leadership is about doing the right thing, even if it going against a vast number of naysayers and mediocre people.
When you run a part of the relay and pass on the baton, there is no sense of unfinished business in your mind. There is just the sense of having done your part to the best of your ability. That is it. The hope is to pass on the baton to somebody who will run faster and run a better marathon.
Hinduism has an enormous capacity to absorb from outside influences and accept it in a peaceful and steady manner without perturbing the system.
We all, as engineers, doctors, have a big responsibility to bring smiles on the faces of suffering humanity.
Entrepreneurship is all about an idea that creates differentiated business value to one's customers. You must be able to convince your customers about the benefits that association with you or your products will give them. People are ready to pay if they are convinced about your services or products.
Leading by example is the most powerful advice you can give to anybody.
Nobody is bothered about an institution more than its alumni.
When you are in business for a long time, you go through good times and bad times. When you go through bad times, you learn to control costs, satisfy customers better, satisfy employees better and become more transparent. Therefore, you build character in the company.
A great leader also has the ability to make people an inch taller in his presence.
I've always enjoyed mathematics. It is the most precise and concise way of expressing any idea.
Often times I have been asked about the attributes for success, and I have said that you need two attributes for succeeding as an entrepreneur: one, courage, second, luck.
If England became a world power, it was because of the industrial revolution.
My personal view is that organisations have a capacity to throw up extraordinary leaders to suit the occasion.
When people get rich, they cut themselves off from the context that has earned them these riches - the context of the common men. They forget they are part of society.
India is known for much development that has happened since our independence, but at the same time, we have also failed on many levels. It is the responsibility of the future generation to ensure that all these failures are corrected and help create a civilised society with equal opportunities for one and all.
Even if a company is taken private, at some stage people want to make it public.
All developmental activities for the common man such as education, healthcare, shelter and food distribution should be handled by reputed private sector institutions. It should be a competitive market in order to prevent the formation of monopolies.
I have always looked at my competencies before accepting any responsibility.
The unique instrument to eradicate poverty and usher in prosperity is our youth.
Entrepreneurship is all about deferred gratification.
It's very important to learn quick lessons from your failures, very important to recognize symptoms of failure pretty early, and it is very, very important to not to be attached too much to the idea - you have to know when to give up an idea.
Infosys is an absolute meritocracy. Even in a meritocracy, other things being equal, you have to give opportunity to the more experienced candidate.
Infosys demonstrated to the world that an Indian company could implement standards of quality, operations, finance that compare with the best. That is a legacy I am happy with.
I am what we call a 'karma yogi' in Sanskrit. A karma yogi is somebody who believes in data. I collect a lot of data.
I do not believe in any legacy. The past is dead and gone.
I have no desire to enter politics. Because I am not suited for that.
I was the first businessman to say, 'You should give tax benefit to only small companies. You should say your profits are exempt to a limit of Rs. 50 crore or so, but beyond that, you should pay taxes.' I have been arguing with successive finance ministers on this.
A professorship appeals very much because I enjoy being with younger people.
I think there are opportunities outside India as well as in India. In fact, some of the largest projects that most Indian software companies are doing are in India.
If my company spends money, it should be disclosed to the shareholders and how it was spent. With my personal money, I can do anything I want. But company money should be disclosed.
I have known Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla for a long time. He is a good man. He is a decent man.
Indian IT corporations have made work in the U.S. much more efficient by enhancing their productivity and quality of work. We have helped to add sufficient value to the corporations in the U.S.
We are not the same India that the world saw in the 1970s and '80s. Hence, we have a responsibility to live up to the pedestal on which we have been put.
Investment in training is a huge necessity for knowledge-based corporations.
Even the most dishonest officer would want to be seen as a role model for his children.
The world expects India to be one of the leaders in solving the problems of politics and economics. India sits at the high table in most major multilateral deliberations. What India says is heard with attention and seriousness.
Effective use of technology is important to deliver healthcare. By leveraging technology, you can bring down lack of access and cost of healthcare.
Although we have enough healthcare support, often it doesn't reach the poor and needy. In this scenario, technology is the best solution.
The lack of financial strength to avail healthcare is a major challenge.
In order to improve healthcare, we'll have to spend more on it, increase accountability and decentralize services, enforce standards and reinstate people's faith in it.
I believe all universities should at least offer courses in politics and policy implementation.
It is a well-known fact that bringing in technologies in retail sector is good for consumers.
India needs to sustain its high growth rate.
