American,Businessman
When I have a difficult decision to make, I imagine myself as a 90-year-old guy looking back on his life. I imagine what I'll think about myself at that point in time, and it always makes it really easy to go for it. You're only going to regret that you wimped out.
No surfer wants to be the photographer, especially when the waves are good.
Keeping people fired up starts with having a really clear vision for what the company is aiming to do.
If I walk up to a can of Red Bull, I'm thinking about Formula One; I'm thinking about incredible athletic performances. And it helps me choose that can over something else to either side of it.
I can sell anything that I totally believe in, but I'm a horrible salesman of something I don't believe in.
Fear drives you a lot harder than success does.
I feel like in a world where we all try to figure out our place and our purpose here, your passions are one of your most obvious guides.
When I got out of college, I gave myself till I was 30 to invent a product. If I couldn't do it by then, I would just get a real job. And that fear - the fear of a real job - motivated me to be an entrepreneur.
I'm just extremely excited to explore the planet that we're living on.
On the road and traveling - that's when people are at their most creative.
Automobiles are dangerous as all get-out.
It sounds cheesy, but if you are having fun, people will love your company, you will be more successful, and more ideas will come your way.
I was inspired by how Red Bull isn't about the drink; it isn't about the product or the can. Red Bull is a platform to celebrate all that humans are capable of accomplishing. They built a lifestyle movement, a brand that sold this product.
I think our slow, humble beginnings in surf shops, ski shops, bike shops, and motorcycle shops have been extremely important for our success. GoPro is all about celebrating an active lifestyle and sharing that with other people. It's authentic. It's not a brand that we went out and bought a bunch of ads for to create.
People use GoPros to capture the experiences they are passionate about.
Viral word-of-mouth marketing for GoPro is massive. Video is really the conduit.
I have a GoPro in the trunk of my streetcar.
If I didn't follow my passion for surfing... I would have never come up with the concept to make a wrist camera.
If we can become the de facto standard for image capture of unique perspectives around the world, we have a lot of growth ahead of us.
My first business was a retro-gaming site where you'd go and play all these cool old-school games. It was a good idea but ahead of its time.
I get pretty focused when I start working on something. And I drink a lot of water, way more than most people.
I realized that a surf trip on a jet can be like a road trip. If you see a road you want to turn down, you can just go there.
Bootstrapping allows you total creative freedom. For example, if you decide to approach your business in a certain way that makes it a two- or three-year process to get to your first product, you can do that, versus being rushed into it by investors.
I originally started GoPro with the sole purpose of helping surfers capture photos of themselves and their friends while they were surfing. I thought it was crazy that very few surfers had any photos or videos of themselves.
It's very difficult to get any footage of yourself doing what you love unless you have a friend who's a photographer or videographer and wants to document you. That was really the idea and the goal from the beginning: to help people get a good photo, and then it was to help people get a good video.
I didn't want to take anybody else's money. I wanted to do something small that could be profitable from the beginning, and grow that way - and never need someone to write me a check to keep the business going.
I think that that's something that's pretty interesting about a GoPro - it's the one camera that we know of that you can combine with like cameras to form new cameras. So it's a bit of a modular system.
I'm half Puerto Rican.
I feel like I've done a pretty good job of scaling because I got some great mentors along the way that helped me realize I just have to build a phenomenal team around me that makes my job a lot easier.
Dedicating myself to actually following through was my single biggest achievement.
I lost $4 million of other people's money between the ages of 24 and 26.
As long as you can bootstrap, not at the sacrifice of competitive advantage, bootstrapping is a really powerful thing because it allows you to be totally devoted to your vision.
The best way to fire somebody is to compassionately fire them.
The worst way to fire somebody is to let it drag out. It's not good for that person because they're not succeeding in their role. And it's not good for the organization because it's just not working.
GoPro's capture devices and Kolor's software will combine to deliver exciting and highly accessible solutions for capturing, creating, and sharing spherical content.
The magic of GoPro is that we are enabling the world to communicate in this new way, to express themselves in a new way, and it's snowballing.
Losing other people's money was terrible.
I grew up with stories of people who start their own businesses and do really well. So I thought, 'OK, that's what you do.' I can thank my dad for that.
GoPro lets people take other people along for the ride with them.
I learned that most people buy based on emotion, not on a rational breakdown of the product or service.
I wore a GoPro camera on my head for all three of my boys.
You have to ask yourself: how much does any one person or one family need? And when you start thinking about the universe as an organism, it's important that we, as components of that organism, take care of each other and ourselves.
I got an email from the Crown Prince of Norway asking me to talk at a summit for young Norwegian entrepreneurs. I ran to my wife and was like, 'Hey! I got an email from the Prince of Norway!'
Surfing is such an incredible experience with a huge ego element.
My twenties were my practice. My thirties were when I really hit my stride with GoPro and did all the heavy lifting to build the business.
I still drink a couple of Red Bulls every day.
One of my mentors early on was Eli Harari, the founder of SanDisk, who happened to be a friend of my dad's.
I come from surfing, and surfing is the worst cool-guy industry of all. I decided long ago to try and kill the cool guy.
What makes 4K so interesting is it captures lifelike cinema-quality video.
I enrolled in a race car driving school, where you go for three days, and they wanted to rent me a video camera and charge me $100 for every half-hour.
In the early years, I would say GoPro's products were not that impressive.
Your passions are a bit like your fingerprints: Everybody has them; everybody's are different. One's passions may just be a guidebook to one's life.
A really important thing when you come up with a concept is that you solve a pervasive problem for people, and you don't try to create a new way to do something that isn't necessarily broken.
You must, as an entrepreneur - if that's your position - be doing things that really move the needle.
I decided that I want to live in a big world. And since then, any time I'm confronted with a challenging situation, I go for it.
YouTube didn't really start to hit its stride until 2006.
Somebody captures an incredible video, shares it online, and inspires millions of other people to go and do the same with their GoPros, and then it happens again and again - and what you've got is this incredible snowball of stoked customers capturing and creating rad content with their GoPros.
I feel like I went through the Great Depression. All these companies are being successful around you, you're on that track, and then the market collapses, and you're out of a job. You're trying to save your investors' investment, and it doesn't work, and you sell the company for nothing. It was brutal.
At a certain point, the services that you build around the hardware become more important than the hardware itself.
