American,Businessman
Given the typical fee structures of hedge funds, they need to do something different to make money in a consistent way.
There is no safe haven in today's markets.
There is no more reason to believe that Bitcoin will stand the test of time than that governments will protect the value of government-created money, although Bitcoin is newer, and we always look at babies with hope.
In the workplace, employees should be judged on their merit and hard work and not on aspects that are irrelevant to their performance.
You have got to welcome and embrace complexity.
'Inequality' has become the political theme/slogan of our time in both Europe and the U.S., yet political leaders do not even bother to consider that their own policies, which put the entire burden on central bankers to print money and drive up stock, bond and other asset prices, are actually exacerbating income and wealth disparity.
While many of Mr. Obama's ideas warrant skepticism, conservative opposition to any expanded role for government is a mistake.
Today, even small entities that trade complex instruments or are granted sufficient leverage can threaten the global financial system.
It's true that monetary policy was too lax for too long, and the government encouraged lending to people who were unlikely to repay their loans.
Creating a regulatory system that reflects the modern-day realities of financial markets is not as difficult as it may appear.
The Orderly Liquidation Authority prescribed by Dodd-Frank should be repealed and replaced by an amendment to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code which would operate to prevent cross-default provisions from impacting derivatives books so long as mark-to-market payments are being made in a timely fashion.
Governments need to be authorized to provide 'open bank assistance.' The convolutions of Dodd-Frank aimed at 'avoiding' this tactic are ludicrous and will prove to be extremely costly to the system.
Credit ratings and risk weightings must undergo a thorough process of review and revision. No security or instrument on the planet should have a zero risk weighting.
Derivatives trading should be standardized and as much as possible moved to clearinghouses.
The starting point of my career in money management in 1973-74 was the time of the only true bear market any living non-Japanese investor has seen in major markets. Equities, real estate, you name it, everyone got run over.
I know people who are always freeriders and will never get into a fight.
The Congo is very wealthy from oil money but is not paying its debts and at the same time is applying for special status at the World Bank. That's shocking and disingenuous.
If you want an alternative currency, check out gold. It has stood the test of thousands of years as a store of value and medium of exchange.
Stability is not the way of the world.
In government, the forces of risk-aversion and constant conflict serve to stultify and narrow the range of ideas up for debate.
What would a loss of confidence in the dollar actually look like? Gold going absolutely nuts.
The building block of every community is family.
Securing for gays and lesbians the basic right to have their relationships and families recognized as part of a community makes all of our communities stronger.
America is a place where the freedom to be who you are shouldn't be a barrier to your ability to get a job and provide for your family.
Successful hedge funds will be entrepreneurial; it is the essence of the craft.
It is a very bad idea for governments to create arbitrary and unfair outcomes, or outcomes resulting from the passions and whims of the government rather than from the law, just because they have the power to do so.
