American,Businessman
Everyone has the brainpower to follow the stock market. If you made it through fifth-grade math, you can do it.
The real key to making money in stocks is not to get scared out of them.
The person that turns over the most rocks wins the game. And that's always been my philosophy.
Although it's easy to forget sometimes, a share is not a lottery ticket... it's part-ownership of a business.
So while I was in college I did a little study on the freight industry, the air freight industry. And I looked at this company called Flying Tiger. And I actually put a thousand dollars in it and I remember I thought this air cargo was going to be a thing of the future.
Go for a business that any idiot can run - because sooner or later, any idiot probably is going to run it.
I think you have to learn that there's a company behind every stock, and that there's only one real reason why stocks go up. Companies go from doing poorly to doing well or small companies grow to large companies.
It's human nature to keep doing something as long as it's pleasurable and you can succeed at it - which is why the world population continues to double every 40 years.
I've found that when the market's going down and you buy funds wisely, at some point in the future you will be happy.
I've found that when the market's going down and you buy funds wisely, at some point in the future you will be happy. You won't get there by reading 'Now is the time to buy.'
When stocks are attractive, you buy them. Sure, they can go lower. I've bought stocks at $12 that went to $2, but then they later went to $30. You just don't know when you can find the bottom.
You get recessions, you have stock market declines. If you don't understand that's going to happen, then you're not ready, you won't do well in the markets.
Don't bottom fish.
If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, it wouldn't be a bad thing.
Improved turnout will give parliament and government the appearance of being more legitimate.
Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. Suicide is a choice and I think if we work with that with kids, we'll get somewhere.
I don't go near the money and the money doesn't go near me.
I've always been a great lover of baseball.
Well, I think the secret is if you have a lot of stocks, some will do mediocre, some will do okay, and if one of two of 'em go up big time, you produce a fabulous result. And I think that's the promise to some people.
In the summer of 1990, I was buying stocks and I was probably three or four months early there. But we had a great rally in 1991.
But my system for over 30 years has been this: When stocks are attractive, you buy them. Sure, they can go lower. I've bought stocks at $12 that went to $2, but then they later went to $30.
If you go to Minnesota in January, you should know that it's gonna be cold. You don't panic when the thermometer falls below zero.
