American,Businessman
Your mindset matters. It affects everything - from the business and investment decisions you make, to the way you raise your children, to your stress levels and overall well-being.
Many people who try to do big bold things in the world find out it's not about the money or the technology: It's about the regulatory hurdles that will try and stop you.
At its core, bitcoin is a smart currency designed by very forward-thinking engineers. It eliminates the need for banks, gets rid of credit card fees, currency exchange fees, money transfer fees, and reduces the need for lawyers in transitions... all good things.
Nothing matters more than your health. Healthy living is priceless. What millionaire wouldn't pay dearly for an extra 10 or 20 years of healthy aging?
Have an open mind - allow different ideas into your way of thinking.
Revealing water in significant quantities on the Moon could truly be a turning point in space exploration.
My feeling is that if you can make a big impact on the global literacy problem, you can uplift a big portion of society.
When I think about creating abundance, it's not about creating a life of luxury for everybody on this planet; it's about creating a life of possibility. It is about taking that which was scarce and making it abundant.
Passion gets an entrepreneur through the startup days and the enormous efforts it takes to build a business.
It used to be that, in astronomy, a small team of people could look at photos of a few thousand galaxies and classify and catalog them relatively easily. But now, with a new generation of robotic telescopes scanning the skies constantly and producing millions of images, that's become next to impossible.
The old newspaper adage, 'If it bleeds, it leads,' is as true today as it was a century ago.
Millions of years ago, our brains became wired to remember about 150 people as 'close friends.'
Even in an organization that's doing something big and bold, there's the mundane, day-to-day execution work of keeping it going. But people need to stay connected to the boldness, to the vision, and stay plugged in to the main vein of the dream.
If the risk is fully aligned with your purpose and mission, then it's worth considering.
Mining asteroids will ultimately benefit humanity on and off the Earth in a multitude of ways.
True disruption means threatening your existing product line and your past investments. Breakthrough products disrupt current lines of businesses.
3D printing will massively reduce the cost of certain products as the cost of labor is removed.
The fact is that data are worth a lot of money.
Because it's cheaper and easier to fly than ever before, air travel is becoming democratized.
I don't think the space station is innovative. Going to the moon was innovative because we had no idea how to do it.
Once we start believing that the apocalypse is coming, the amygdala goes on high alert, filtering out most anything that says otherwise.
Three hundred years ago, during the Age of Enlightenment, the coffee house became the center of innovation.
Because it's free, easy to use, and high-quality, photography is now a fixture in our daily lives - something we take for granted.
If the government regulates against use of drones or stem cells or artificial intelligence, all that means is that the work and the research leave the borders of that country and go someplace else.
Nothing is more precious than life... especially the life of your child.
Online games for data-mining have a short virtual shelf life. People get bored, especially if the game seems stagnant.
Every generation feels it has the problems that will destroy it. That's because we can perceive them a long time before we have the ability to fix them.
Your mission is to find a product or service that can positively impact the lives of 1 billion people because that's the game we're playing today.
There are nearly one billion illiterate people on Earth.
As medical research continues and technology enables new breakthroughs, there will be a day when malaria and most all major deadly diseases are eradicated on Earth.
Drones photograph, prospect and advertise real estate from golf courses to skyscrapers; they also monitor construction in progress.
If you give people unlimited time and money, they'll do things the same old way. But if they have to achieve the goal in a brief time, they'll either give up or try something new.
Learning how to understand how technology evolves, using tools like a Technology Road Map, is what you need more than anything to ride on top of the tsunami instead of being crushed by it.
When hiring, trust your feelings.
The truest drive comes from doing what you love.
If you stop and think about it, the form of propulsion used today hasn't changed in over a thousand years... since the invention of fireworks by the Chinese.
In 2000, just before the first dot-com bubble burst, it cost a whopping $5 million to launch a tech startup.
Did you know that Kodak actually invented the digital camera that ultimately put it out of business? Kodak had the patents and a head start, but ignored all that.
My childhood dreams were focused on being part of the effort to make humanity a multiplanetary species.
My father, who grew up picking olives on the Greek island of Lesbos, was a doctor. So my family expected me to become a physician.
I founded a launch company called International Microspace when I graduated medical school in 1989. We were trying to build a microsatellite launcher.
In 1980, during my sophomore year at MIT, I realized that the school didn't have a student space organization. I made posters for a group I called Students for the Exploration and Development of Space and put them up all over campus. Thirty-five people showed up. It was the first thing I ever organized, and it took off!
Large companies and government agencies have a lot to protect and therefore are not willing to take big risks. A large company taking a risk can threaten its stock price. A government agency taking a risk can threaten congressional investigation.
As you may know, I'm the co-founder and co-chairman of an asteroid company called Planetary Resources that is backed by a group of eight billionaires to implement the bold mission of extracting resources from near-Earth asteroids.
Back in 2007, I had the opportunity to meet Professor Stephen Hawking through the X PRIZE Foundation. In my first conversation with him I learned that he was passionate about flying into space someday.
I get demoralized by organizations that start off with a mission and pull back when they find it's risky.
So while I can't tell you if bringing a child into this world is the morally-responsible to do, I can say that the future, much like the present, is going to be a whole lot better than you think.
As lower-cost phones begin to penetrate, they'll become the educator and physician everywhere on the planet.
Eight billion people will have Internet access by 2020.
I have the general philosophy of creating the future you want to see.
By 2020 the U.S. will be short 91,000 doctors. There's no way we can educate enough doctors to make up that shortfall, and other countries are far worse off.
I think that we're living in a time where there are trillion-dollar opportunities that never existed before.
The world's biggest problems are the world's biggest market opportunities. And that's a huge thing. Solve hunger, literacy and energy problems, get the gratitude of the world and become a billionaire in the process.
Nothing gets us down more than watching violence on television or reading about war and brutality in the newspaper. The truth is, there's a massive reduction in the amount of violence around the world.
You might hear people decry the loss of privacy in today's world, but radical transparency is dramatically reducing violence everywhere. Most violent things happen in the dark when no one's watching, whether it's an oppressive dictator or someone causing violence in the inner city.
As sensors and networks continue to expand around the world, we'll see violence drop even further. After all, when there's a danger that your actions can be caught on tape and shown around the world, you're more responsible for your behavior.
Gossip, in its earlier forms, contained information that was critical to survival because, in clans of 150, what happened to anyone had a direct impact on everyone.
The reason we care so much about what happens to the likes of Lady Gaga is not because her shenanigans will ever impact our lives; rather because our brain doesn't realize there's a difference between rock stars we know about and relatives we know.
In the 1820s, the U.S., Japan, and the U.K. were some of the only countries where the average population received at least two years of formal schooling.
In most developed countries, the average person receives about 16 years of education. Even in developing countries, the population gets five to eight years of education.
As education becomes dematerialized, demonetized and democratized, every man, woman and child on the planet will be able to reap the benefits of knowledge. We're rapidly heading toward a world of education abundance.
Two-thirds of all growth takes place in cities because, by simple fact of population density, our urban spaces are perfect innovation labs. The modern metropolis is jam-packed. People are living atop one another; their ideas are as well.
The Net is allowing us to turn ourselves into a giant, collective meta-intelligence. And this meta-intelligence continues to grow as more and more people come online.
Never before in history has the global marketplace touched so many consumers and provided access to so many producers.
If you have a fear of flying, don't. The data are very clear: If you have to travel someplace, the safest way is by airplane.
It's now possible to have your body 3D-imaged from head to toe at a sub-millimeter accuracy, showing every ripple of muscle or cellulite, to allow the perfect-fitting jeans or shoes.
We are living toward incredible times where the only constant is change, and the rate of change is increasing.
By 2030, just a small percentage of the global population will live in poverty.
All over the world, we're seeing access to food, clean water, education and healthcare improve; as a result, global innovation is rising as well.
The constant monitoring of our emotional landscape and personal interactions is a bizarre concept. But it is one that could help many people.
At the turn of the 20th century, the disparity in literacy here in the U.S. largely came down to race. Nearly half of minorities at that time - 45 percent - were illiterate, while 94 percent of white citizens were literate.
We're now able to 3D print in 200 different materials, from titanium to rubber, plastic, glass, ceramic, leathers, and even chocolate.
Even a small village in the middle of Africa with a 3D printer will have access to any good it can download. The world of the 'Star Trek' replicator is not far away.
It's easy to forget that for centuries - for millennia - the 'workforce' was all of us.
In 1750, 75 percent of people on the planet worked to support the top 25 percent.
Not only are we working less, we're enjoying ourselves more. As we're working toward this world of abundance, we're able to increasingly enjoy leisure time.
In 1820, the average lifespan was just 26 years. Twenty-six years!
What decisions would you make differently today if you knew you would most likely live to be 150? How would you think about your 50s or 60s? How would you evaluate your career arcs or investments or even the area in which you live?
In the early '90s, well under 5 percent of the global population was online.
In the 1940s, about 20% of people in the U.S. had graduated from high school, but less than 5% continued their education to get bachelors' degrees or higher.
WhatsApp is both disrupting and demonetizing the entire wireless industry, and now the Facebook acquisition provides the infrastructure needed for WhatsApp to begin offering voice calls. So instead of people paying on average $80 per month, users only have to pay $0.99 per year for the same services. Wireless carriers, beware.
As I've conducted my interviews with crowdsourcing entrepreneurs and experts, it's constantly hit me that your ability to do something big and bold is really a function of the size and quality of your crowd.
Make it clear up front what the aim of the company is. Stay true to your authentic vision.
If anyone has seen success and failure on a global stage, it's my friend Steve Forbes.
The challenge is that the day before something is truly a breakthrough, it's a crazy idea. And crazy ideas are very risky to attempt.
When I talk about taking bold actions in the world, few things are bolder than creating the 'Huffington Post' from scratch and reinventing the newspaper business.
I live in L.A., where every coffee shop is filled with scriptwriters, producers and directors.
I had started Zero-G specifically to broaden the public for access to weightlessness.
I view risk-aversion as crippling America in many ways.
The Department of Energy made an investment that failed, and it got raked over the coals for that failed investment. This is ridiculous. The fact of the matter is, the government should be making a lot of risky investments, the majority of which are likely to fail.
As of the mid-90s, over 50 percent of women have a bachelor's and master's degree, compared to about 35 percent and 30 percent, respectively, in 1920.
Most advertisers spend millions upon millions of dollars to buy commercial time during the Super Bowl, and millions in creating eye-popping ads, hoping to create catchy, unforgettable commercials. Unfortunately, most Super Bowl commercials end up being unmemorable. Costly mistakes for brands and creative flameouts for advertising firms.
It used to be that the only ones with access to cutting-edge technology were top government labs, big companies and the ultra-rich. It was simply too expensive for the rest of us to afford.
With faster Internet and better computers, you'd better believe we're creating and consuming more digital data.
Today, the smartphone in your pocket has a high-quality digital camera. Everyone - not just artists - is a photographer, and the explosion of photos taken annually proves it.
Remember when vacation photos meant toting along a bulky camera?
From a scientific point of view, we now know that the water is interlaced with the lunar soil in many locations, perhaps as remnants of comet collisions with the lunar surface.
With sufficient water on the Moon, solar energy can be used to split the water into hydrogen and oxygen. The oxygen is, of course, critical for humans to breathe and the water important for us to drink.
If you've been wondering where the next gold rush is going to take place, look up at the night sky to our closest celestial neighbor. The next economic boom might just be a mere 240,000 miles away on the bella luna.
Today, we don't blink an eye when the world's wealthiest individuals donate enormous sums of money to charitable causes. In fact, we expect them to do so.
If you look back 600 years ago, royals' sole goal was to keep their wealth within the family.
Large-scale philanthropy, based in the private - not the public - sector, is a relatively recent historical development.
Old-style management is irrelevant.
Future companies will be smaller and more nimble.
Collective management will build companies - not top-down decision-making.
The U.S. government doesn't build your computers, nor do you fly aboard a U.S. government owned and operated airline. Private industry routinely takes technologies pioneered by the government and turns them into cheap, reliable and robust industries. This has happened in aviation, air mail, computers, and the Internet.
The fact that the Virgin logo was on the side of SpaceShipOne on October 4th, 2004 was fantastic.
Incentive prizes work.
In the 1960s, 110 countries had averages of six or more children per family.
In 1900, 180-plus out of every 1,000 African-American babies died.
After more than a decade as the editor of 'Wired' magazine, Chris Anderson started the company of his dreams - a robotics manufacturing company called 3D Robotics - to produce the autonomous flying vehicles coming out of DIY Drones.
Making things open-source brings the cost down.
When I was a grad student at MIT, I had a chance to become friends with the Viking Mission's chief scientist, Dr. Gerald Soffen. Viking was the first Mars lander looking for signs of life on Mars.
As of 2011, it cost about $5,000 to launch a tech startup.
It's never been easier to share your ideas and passions with the world.
Regardless of what the naysayers believe about human interaction and social media, the data show us that the abundance of technology is actually increasing the abundance of happiness all over the world.
One thing that humans still do better than computers is recognize images.
Your chances of dying a violent death are 1/500th of what they used to be during medieval times.
Today, every skirmish in every part of the planet is broadcast straight into your living room live, in HD... over and over again.
I've stopped watching TV news. They couldn't pay me enough money.
I get my news from selected Google News and my social feed.
I collect a lot of data. We all do.
A dapper Canadian in his mid-fifties, Rob McEwen bought the disparate collection of gold mining companies known as Goldcorp in 1989. A decade later, he'd unified those companies and was ready for expansion - a process he wanted to start by building a new refinery.
Imagine what we could do for the world's grand challenges with a trillion hours of focused attention.
Since the age of 6, I've always wanted to go to space.
In 1980, it cost just under $600 to take a round-trip flight within the United States.
Paul Allen with Microsoft revolutionized the software industry.
I think the folks who go after grand challenges are impatient.
An exponential growth is a simple doubling. One becomes two becomes four.
All of us are linear thinkers. We evolved in a world that was local and linear. You know, back 100,000, 200,000, millions of years ago, when we were evolving as a human species, nothing changed. You know, the life of your great-grandparents, you, your kids - it was the same. And so we are local and linear thinkers.
People need to understand how exponential technologies are impacting the business landscape. They need to do some future-casting and look at how industries are evolving and being transformed.
Many entrepreneurs that made their fortunes by founding successful technology companies want to give back and solve the world's biggest problems on a grand scale. There is tremendous opportunity in this approach.
Government research has to go through peer review.
The automotive X Prize, to a great degree, is focused on addressing petroleum usage and carbon emissions.
I think about the Internet and cell phones and jets and spaceships, and I wonder, 'What's going to make that look ancient?'
I was seeing a lot of entrepreneurs who were effectively working on the next photo-sharing app. I wanted to inspire them to go much bigger, bolder and more significant than that.
When you have an employee who's innovative in your organization, what are they thinking about in the shower? If they're working in an exciting place, they're not thinking what they're going to do over the weekend. They're thinking: 'How do I solve that problem?'
Private companies should be building businesses.
Human exploration is something that's been going on for thousands of years, and the models that worked 500 years ago are likely to work again today.
Private industry's job is to make money. Private industry's job is to create a huge economic engine.
The communications industry has been tremendously successful, but we need to build the railroads and the oil wells and the gold mines of space.
The rate of innovation is a function of the total number of people connected and exchanging ideas. It has gone up as population has gone up. It's gone up as people have concentrated in cities.
I think about things like, 'Will my kids need a college account? Will they even go to college?' I don't know if that will be the case.
In 1976, Kodak's first digital camera shot at 0.1 megapixels, weighed 3.75 pounds, and cost over $10,000.
Drones watch for disease and collect real-time data on crop health and yields.
Visual artists use drones to capture beautiful new images and camera angles.
