American,Businessman
Integrity is essential and irreplaceable. It is the most valuable asset for a person, a company, or a society seeking to build and progress.
Natural gas obviously brings with it a number of quality-of-life environmental benefits because it is a relatively clean-burning fuel. It has a CO2 footprint, but it has no particulates. It has none of the other emissions elements that are of concern to public health that other forms of power-generation fuels do have: coal, fuel oil, others.
I'm not disputing that increasing CO2 emissions in the atmosphere is going to have an impact. It'll have a warming impact.
Compromise on ethical conduct is not an option.
Your personal integrity, once established and earned, people don't have to think about it. They know. They know you. They know you'll do the right thing every time.
We go out, we explore, we take risk. And our successes have to pay for all that.
When coal came into the picture, it took about 50 or 60 years to displace timber. Then, crude oil was found, and it took 60, 70 years, and then natural gas. So it takes 100 years or more for some new breakthrough in energy to become the dominant source. Most people have difficulty coming to grips with the sheer enormity of energy consumption.
All things come down to your personal relationships.
Gasoline prices are a direct reflection of the cost of the raw materials to produce the gasoline, no different than any other product that you would buy, whether it's a good or some other consumable, or it's a luxury item. It's all a function of what do the raw materials cost.
We recognize that greenhouse gas emissions are one of the factors affecting climate change.
In conventional oil and natural gas production, you always produce a lot of formation water, and it's crummy water. It's real salty. It's got heavy metals in it. It's got bad stuff in it.
The size of the resource prize has to be large to support the risked capital that has to be put in place. The Arctic is one of the few places left where we believe those opportunities exist.
None of us live in a zero-risk world.
You can be afraid of a lot of things that you don't understand.
Volunteering is a way to quickly become part of your new community, make connections, and start to feel at home. That doesn't just benefit the individual. It benefits the company, too.
More and more jobs are applying cutting-edge technologies and now demand deeper knowledge of math and science in positions that most people don't think of as STEM-related, including machinists, electricians, auto techs, medical technicians, plumbers and pipefitters.
For many years now, ExxonMobil has held the view that the risks of climate change are serious and do warrant action.
We don't discount that people's fears are their fears.
The Common Core State Standards are based on the best international research. They are built on the standards used by the most effective education systems around the world, including Singapore, Finland, Canada and the U.K.
Throughout my life and career, I have continually been impressed with the importance of integrity - whether it was growing up as a Boy Scout, working in one of my first jobs as a university janitor, or being a leader in a Fortune 500 company.
The Boy Scouts, of course, had an influence on me because I learned about service in the community.
People go out; they take risk; they find a way to develop resources that were previously not accessible, not available because of technological reasons.
Energy independence and energy security are really two different things.
We believe addressing the risk of climate change is a global issue.
As a nation, we must unite in recognizing the mounting evidence that the U.S. is falling behind international competitors in producing students ready for 21st-century jobs.
Experience tells us that a good foundation is critical for success in the Arctic and elsewhere. ExxonMobil's Sakhalin-1 project with Rosneft is an example where we have put this experience to work.
Through my career at ExxonMobil, I've been actively involved in United Way campaigns.
We've recognized that natural gas would be the fastest-growing of the conventional fuels: oil, natural gas, coal. And so, we see the important role that natural gas will play globally and, more importantly, the important role it will play in the U.S. in terms of meeting future energy demand.
We have been blessed in many respects with the explosion of the development of shale gas resources here in North America. It's both U.S. and in Canada.
The fact is the U.S. has enormous resource potential available to it.
We have for many years included a price of carbon in our outlook. We put it in as a cost. Everything gets tested against it.
Flue gas extraction is really, really hard to do. It's not that we can't do it - just not at a cost that anyone will bear.
There is still significant uncertainty around all of the factors that affect climate change.
We're all individuals. Lee Raymond is Lee Raymond. He has his style. I am Rex Tillerson, and I have my style.
The STEM-related positions that U.S. industry needs to fill are not just for biochemists, biophysicists and engineers.
