American,Businessman
My job is to protect the integrity of the NFL and to make sure the game is as safe as possible.
No one is above the game or the rules that govern it. Respect for the game and the people who participate in it will not be compromised.
The highest standards of conduct must be met by everyone in the NFL because it is a privilege to represent the NFL, not a right.
What is true of the NFL is that it has been well-managed over the years. And that has been beneficial to the fans, it's been beneficial to the game itself, it's been beneficial to the players, coaches and everyone involved.
I don't get myself caught up in the rhetoric of any personal comments that are made.
HGH testing is happening in Olympics. The science is there. It is a valid test.
I am awake a lot of nights.
Uncertainty's not good for anybody.
It's always unfortunate when something gets misreported and the facts are not clear.
We will always make sure player health and safety is our No. 1 priority in the NFL.
To me, what I love about the draft is; first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that they've worked so hard for. That's a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think that's great for everybody.
I don't expect to try to get people to like everything I do. I want them to respect what I do.
I take my responsibilities very seriously.
I spent a lot of time in the school psychologist's office. I didn't apply myself. My mother thought I had learning disabilities.
The owners don't win by having a lockout. Shutting down your business is not good for anybody and it's certainly not good for the players, it's certainly not good for the fans. And that's most important to us.
There are lots of businesses that are well in excess of $9 billion that have gone into bankruptcy, that have been mismanaged. And that has not served anyone very well.
I'm very fortunate, and I know that.
I've spent my life following my passion.
It's an awesome responsibility, not only to maintain the level of success the NFL has, but to build on that.
The draft is one of my favorite events because it is about football. People are focused on how their teams improve. It's a celebration of football. And most importantly, it represents a very important time in the lives of these men who are entering the NFL, and their families.
It's not just the NFL. Every other league has a draft. It has been fundamental to the success of professional sports.
You know that I'm always a proponent of doing things differently.
I talk to players all the time.
You do not have to be convicted or even charged of a crime to be able to demonstrate that you've violated a personal conduct policy, and reflect poorly not only on themselves, but all of their teammates, every NFL player in the league, and everyone associated with the NFL.
Every game in the NFL is important.
When you're talking about a trade you're saying, 'Is it good for this team or that team, did they give up too much?' That kind of debate is great for the game.
