American,Businessman
Zefr has all the ingredients for success - dynamic, inspiring management, the ability to marry technology and content, and a business model that can scale. I'm thrilled to be part of the team.
I worked at CBS in the late '90s, and I remember sitting in meetings with both advertisers and digerati, and everyone was saying, 'Network TV is dead.'
Video will drive the share-shift in advertising.
Traditional media brand advertising is 65% to 70% spend; online, it's like 28%. You've got a huge margin.
It's virtually impossible for most sites to do a billion page views in a month or even a year.
I competed with Yahoo for 15-1/2 years, and the one thing I tried to do over the years was desperately try to get a deal with them.
Premium content matters.
I think Yahoo has been doing so many things well for so long and, frankly, got a little trapped in, I think, 'Oh, what is Yahoo?'
You can't manage Wall Street. Wall Street has its own viewpoints on everything. I have always believed, if you manage your business correctly, Wall Street will take care of itself.
Asia has been by all accounts an incredible investment made by Yahoo.
In any business, you have to evolve.
I like building.
I am excited to be part of the dynamic Guggenheim family of companies.
Combining the premium content and reach of Yahoo! as the world's leading digital media company with Facebook provides branded advertisers with unmatched opportunity.
Yahoo! is committed to building the richest set of premium and personalized content experiences for our users.
Our deep collaboration with ABC News further strengthens Yahoo! as the No. 1 online news source, greatly enhancing our already robust news content.
Facebook done a great job of monetizing social.
Delivering compelling premium experiences across screens is core to our mission at Yahoo.
Yahoo! has clearly established itself as the go-to destination for big events and breaking news, and we are focused on providing the best digital canvas for the world's greatest storytellers to create, develop and showcase their visions.
Fox Interactive Media's acquisitions of Newroo and kSolo demonstrate our commitment to empowering users with interesting tools that they can use to further enhance their online experience and online identity.
Partnering with CNBC will allow Yahoo! Finance to expand its offerings instantly and enhance its position as the most viewed and utilized finance site in the world.
The speed at which technology evolves affects everyone; we repeatedly hear that constant innovation is overwhelming for consumers, who struggle to keep pace.
Frankly, it's never really been replicated in the history of the Internet what Yahoo has done in the areas it's done it.
Yahoo is still in many ways the definitive brand of the consumer Internet, but I don't think they can or should compete with Google any longer. That game is over.
My concern is the really great concepts that are features, not companies. There isn't enough advertising to support all those features, and in compression times, advertisers tend to flock to safe names and sites that have real traction.
There are a lot of good ideas that could benefit from big media. You have a lot of companies that hit a wall and can't get beyond a certain level. They need the infrastructure and distribution of a large company.
