Pakistani,Businessman
In a way, NAFTA is like a scrambled egg. How do you unscramble an egg? The value chains are so interwoven that it would be very difficult to do that. But government policies force us to look for ways to unscramble it.
It's not an easy thing to captive-breed a falcon. You need to take extreme care of its diet and exercise and keep it close to its natural environment. Whenever the birds take ill, I only use Ayurveda to cure them.
I'm from the colonies, so I remember when the sun never set on the British Empire.
It doesn't matter how hard you work, there are forces that kind of prevent you from being the best you can be.
Toronto is a world-class city. You don't have a debate here about immigration because you need it to just maintain your pensions: that's dependent on people coming in to fund that. And again, I don't want to be controversial, but I think the average education level in Canada is probably higher than in the United States.
Throwing money on the fire is normally not the solution to every problem. You put the fire out by listening to the people who are smarter than you are.
I've gotten to know them and love everything about the people of Jacksonville. There is an energy and a youth factor here that you don't typically associate with Florida. There's a real vitality. It's energizing.
I would encourage someone to go to Brazil and try to do business there. BRIC countries get a lot of hype, but business there is brutal.
One good thing about being in business is you learn to compromise. And so you learn to strike a deal that maybe isn't what you were looking for but is better than what you've got.
I discovered the Four Seasons brand many years ago. There is a certain magic.
If you aren't learning, you are regressing, because more growth comes from failure than from success.
I've said this before: a homeless guy in Detroit has more mojo than a millionaire in Jacksonville.
I love it. In the NFL, you win or you lose, and the money still shows up.
You can do anything you want to do. You have to work hard, you have to create your own luck, and you have to have some luck also.
I can control my destiny; I control my life.
Discretion is a very valuable asset.
The bedrock of this country are immigration and, really, a great separation between church and state.
Football is about as popular as it can be in the U.S. The upside, the expansion and growth lies overseas.
There's a lot of young talent. I felt strongly that we wanted somebody with a great football mind who'd make it their mission to succeed. And a coach, likewise. Somebody young, energetic, open.
I learned analytics. It's a point of reference, of information. It has to be a factor in decision making.
When I got there, there were two sides: business and football. Business I understand. It was pretty obvious to me what we had to do. But the football side was like the Holy Grail.
In just my interaction, I go to factories, and I talk to our employees. And in Canada, they have had a least a year or two more education. It's like, almost, I never run into anybody who hasn't finished high school. And in the United States, you have a lot who dropped out of 11th grade or whatever.
In the auto industry, I spent years perfecting processes. Now, the successes and failures don't get the kind of publicity obviously NFL football does.
We have the talent in place, and I think if you are a Jaguars fan, you should be excited, and you should have some expectations that we're going to be a sustainable, winning organization now.
I almost felt like I knew London before the first time I went there.
People will stop me on the street, and they know - Jaguars. It's a certain street recognition we didn't have years ago.
You have to have commercial income so you can spend on players.
Mohamed Al Fayed took Fulham from the second tier to where they are today.
I promise that no one wants to deliver a winner to Fulham supporters more than I do.
In the end, all we need to remember is Slavisa has promoted a club from the Championship to the Premier League and has managed sides at the highest level of football. In other words, Slavisa is exactly the head coach we need.
I believe the term 'head coach' has been misunderstood, though not by Slavisa nor nearly every one of the other candidates we interviewed. Slavisa avidly embraces the concept of head coach, which is to be on the pitch, training, organising, planning, and everything that comes in preparing for and leading the Club on match day.
The concept of head coach simply means being hyperfocused on the pitch and team performance.
When you hire in business, you don't worry about marquee value.
You go through life and learn valuable lessons.
I want Fulham to be very successful.
I don't think it's any different if I'm in the U.S. or in London. I look at operations globally.
Paul came to the Jaguars in 1994 and has loyally served the franchise in a variety of capacities, most recently holding the title of Senior Vice President of Football Operations and General Counsel.
Sashi will assume the general counsel responsibilities formerly held by Paul Vance, who is leaving the franchise after 18 years of service.
I have no regrets about buying Fulham. Absolutely not. This is a perfect club for what we wanted to do. It's absolutely historic, small, and has just the perfect fan base.
Clubs shouldn't be counting on an owner just as a benefactor.
I was recently very fortunate to have been introduced to Mohamed Al Fayed, a man I respect and admire immensely for what he has accomplished in his life and - above all - what he has given others.
I want to be clear: I do not view myself so much as the owner of Fulham but a custodian of the club on behalf of its fans.
My priority is to ensure the club and Craven Cottage each have a viable and sustainable Premier League future that fans of present and future generations can be proud of.
Basically, what I want to share with the Jacksonville fans is, here I am, reporting for duty and ready to serve the fans. Let the fun begin.
I'll be spending most of my time really relating to the fans and developing the relationships. The rebirth, really, of the franchise in Jacksonville where we will win on and off the field.
This is a partnership really with the fans. They have to come and support the team.
To me, the worst thing is to just be knee-jerk and emotional.
