American,Businessman
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.
My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers.
Don't worry that you can't seem to come up with sure billion dollar winners at first. Just do projects for yourself for fun. You'll get better and better.
Every dream I've ever had in life has come true ten times over.
The best things that capture your imagination are ones you hadn't thought of before and that aren't talked about in the news all the time.
In the end, I hope there's a little note somewhere that says I designed a good computer.
All the best people in life seem to like LINUX.
Steve Jobs didn't really set the direction of my Apple I and Apple II designs but he did the more important part of turning them into a product that would change the world. I don't deny that.
Your first projects aren't the greatest things in the world, and they may have no money value, they may go nowhere, but that is how you learn - you put so much effort into making something right if it is for yourself.
Everything we did we were setting the tone for the world.
When the Internet first came, I thought it was just the beacon of freedom. People could communicate with anyone, anywhere, and nobody could stop it.
I believe you should have a world where you've got to license something at a fair price.
Although I receive a small salary from Apple, I do virtually no real work at the company.
My whole life had been designing computers I could never build.
I think everything I have done in my life, my reasons at the time were right no matter how things worked out.
I want the entire smartphone, the entire Internet, on my wrist.
But I know newspapers. They have the first amendment and they can tell any lie knowing it's a lie and they're protected if the person's famous or it's a company.
I just believe that the way that young people's minds develop is fascinating. If you are doing something for a grade or salary or a reward, it doesn't have as much meaning as creating something for yourself and your own life.
If you try to make such projects, unseen by others, as perfect as any human could, you'll develop skills that other professionals don't have.
My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers. I only started the company when I realized I could be an engineer forever.
If I designed a computer with 200 chips, I tried to design it with 150. And then I would try to design it with 100. I just tried to find every trick I could in life to design things real tiny.
What I was proud of was that I used very few parts to build a computer that could actually speak words on a screen and type words on a keyboard and run a programming language that could play games. And I did all this myself.
Even if you do something that others might consider wrong, you should at least be willing to talk about it and tell your parents what you're doing because you believe it's right.
You can make something big when young that will carry you through life. Look at all the big startups like Microsoft, Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, etc. They were all started by very young people who stumbled on something of unseen value. You'll know it when you hit a home run.
For some reason I get this key position of being one of two people that started the company that started the revolution.
I have a calendar life that is complicated, so I use BusyCal and Google Calendar. I keep two different browsers open to avoid some confusion.
I read Google News and use NetNewsWire to keep up with general and tech news.
My first transistor radio was the heart of my gadget love today. It fit in my hand and brought me a world of music 24 / 7.
Steve Jobs had very strong feelings about what makes a company great, what makes products great. He more or less chose Tim Cook to be in that role, in that position.
There are good things I see on Samsung phones that I wish were in my iPhone. I wish Apple would use them and could use them, and I don't know if Samsung would stop us.
Not every Apple product makes a big enough difference to me to get instantly, although many do.
