British,Businessman
When you expand a business as fast as McDonald's did, part of the strength you have is the process and the efficiency.
We have to hire, retain, and develop the best staff.
Everyone likes a burger now and then, and that's absolutely fine.
Businesses increasingly have to differentiate themselves around their people, as much as their product, because thing are so replicable now.
We are putting the customer at the center of everything we do and are directing our resources towards those innovations and investments that will strengthen our ability to deliver a better McDonald's experience over time.
The counter is a barrier.
Fear of decision-making is one thing I personally resist, and I'm trying to encourage others to resist as well.
What I've looked to do is try and become a change agent for good, to create the behavioral changes, the cultural changes to really embrace urgency, adopt a higher tolerance to risk, and just encourage people to make decisions.
It is customers that decide if we succeed.
Whether that's in communications or marketing or strategy, you need people to come in with a fresh perspective.
I'm honest and fair, but I don't dispense false kindness.
Many people have strong views on McDonald's.
When we look at some of the greatest creative ideas we've come up with, they have originated literally from all corners of the world and have crossed all different types of media as well. So while there's still traditional TV, which is clearly a very compelling media, it's also cyber, mobile, outdoor.
My motivation at the moment is around knowing how it feels to turn a business around, and I can't wait to have that feeling again.
Ultimately, the bread and butter of McDonald's is delivering great service, great quality food, at affordable prices day in and day out.
It makes me sad there is still some intellectual snobbery out there.
People come into McDonald's two to three times a month - to extrapolate that to the cause of obesity is a real stretch.
The business cannot ignore what customers are saying when the message is clear: We're not on our game.
Me and my mate used to go across the park, jump on the Met line to get the Tube into Harrow. There was a sports shop we always used to go into, and there was a McDonald's. We used to go off with three or four quid in our pocket. That would cover our train fare, mooching around Harrow, and going to McDonald's.
Consumers, when they've only got a couple of quid left in their pockets, are choosy about how they want to spend it.
Whenever you want a radical shift, it rarely happens.
The parents that we speak to, and the parents that are our customers, are very comfortable with the way that McDonald's fits into their lives.
China and Hong Kong represent an enormous growth opportunity for McDonald's.
Our customers, system, and shareholders are best served when we direct our focus and energy towards executing against these critical customer expectations.
Moving our headquarters to Chicago is another significant step in our journey to build a better McDonald's. This world-class environment will continue to drive business momentum by getting us even closer to customers, encouraging innovation and ensuring great talent is excited about where they work.
The progress we have made in a short amount of time gives me confidence we're making the right moves to turn around our business and reposition McDonald's as a modern, progressive burger company.
We can see what works in one part of the world and one market, and we can share that knowledge and expertise with markets that are facing challenges.
Ordering food has not changed for 30 or 40 years.
