Indian,Businessman
Android was intended to be very customizable. And we welcome innovations.
Good companies do whatever it takes to make sure apps are great and don't hesitate to add features.
The core of what Google is about is bringing information to people.
If you step back and take a holistic look, I think any reasonable person would say Android is innovating at a pretty fast pace and getting it to users.
For me, it matters that we drive technology as an equalizing force, as an enabler for everyone around the world. Which is why I do want Google to see, push, and invest more in making sure computing is more accessible, connectivity is more accessible.
Android was built to be very, very secure.
Android is one of the most open systems I've ever seen. What makes Android great is it's literally designed from the ground up to be customised in a very powerful way.
My dad and mom did what a lot of parents did at the time. They sacrificed a lot of their life and used a lot of their disposable income to make sure their children were educated.
The impact of giving someone a connected smartphone is no different from giving them a real computer. I look at how my kids learn and how different it is from how I learned because the impact of these things is just so huge. Sometimes I think we don't fully internalize what it is to get the power of knowledge in everyone's hand.
There are seven billion people in the world. And I think phones are the first time most people will have access to a modern computing device. With Android, we want to enable that for people.
The right moral compass is trying hard to think about what customers want.
If I'm about to forget my kid's birthday, I want the phone to scream at me until I do something about it.
Google search was important - one of the most important applications ever on the Web. People accessed everything through a browser, and for us it was important for making sure we had an option there.
We need to bring Android and Chrome to every screen that matters for users, which is why we focused on phone, wearables, car, television, laptops, and even your workplace.
I have a secret project which adds four hours every day to the 24 hours we have. There's a bit of time travel involved.
Google teams have lots of autonomy, including from people like me.
When you run a platform on scale, you have to make sure it's truly open. That way, not only do you do well, so do others.
Obviously, you will always see more malware targeting Android because Android is used more than any smartphone platform by a pretty substantial difference.
There are many powerful men and women in mobile. I'm fortunate to be part of that group. But by no means do I think I'm the most powerful person.
I think it is going to be hard for individual OEMs to create a platform on top of which people will write content and services and which users will transact.
It's a world of multiple screens, smart displays, with tons of low-cost computing, with big sensors built into devices. At Google, we ask how to bring together something seamless and beautiful and intuitive across all these screens.
Nest is one vertical implementation of a set of smart products for the home. But we will support other people's smart products for the home.
We ship a new version of Google Play Services every six weeks. Typically, 90 percent of users are on the new version of that.
A lot of credit goes to Google TV for helping that process get started and helping to build something like Chromecast.
What strikes me every single time is that the aspirations of Indians are unique and unparalleled. They're very demanding, regardless of background.
There are many powerful men and women in mobile. I'm fortunate to be part of that group. By no means do I think I'm the most powerful person.
