American,Businessman
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
To be happy in this world, first you need a cell phone and then you need an airplane. Then you're truly wireless.
I lost 80 percent of my wealth and then gave away over half of the rest. So I'm a man of modest means now. But if you budget carefully and watch your expenditures, you can get by on a couple billion dollars.
I like Obama. I don't know who could do a better job. He's got an incredibly tough situation, and a good heart and mind. I'd like to see him rally support a little better.
The whole idea of television news or any kind of news is to inform people about things they need to know about.
Even if we didn't have greenhouse gases, were going to have to move away from fossil fuels, as we're going to run out. They're finite, whereas solar and wind are infinite.
The biggest thing I learned from losing? Winning's better.
I had more energy at 50. On the other hand, at 75, I've probably got a little more wisdom and good judgment than I had at 50 because I've got more experience. But I haven't really changed. I'm still driven by the same philosophy.
I love this planet... I want to see the environment preserved and I want to see the human race preserved. And I'd like to see everybody living decently in a more equitable, kind-hearted, thoughtful, generous world.
I like snakes. I like hummingbirds. There's nothing on earth I don't like. Frogs. Salamanders. The bunnies, the giraffes, the hippopotamuses.
You should set goals beyond your reach so you always have something to live for.
I mean, there's no point in sittin' around and cryin' about spilt milk. Gotta move on.
I made a lot of money. I earned a lot of money with CNN and satellite and cable television. And you can't really spend large sums of money, intelligently, on buying things. So I thought the best thing I could do was put some of that money back to work - making an investment in the future of humanity.
Every few seconds it changes - up an eighth, down an eighth - it's like playing a slot machine. I lose $20 million, I gain $20 million.
I regret that I wasn't more successful with my marriages, but it is what it is.
If I only had a little humility, I would be perfect.
The U.N. had such lofty goals to eliminate poverty and stop war and cure diseases and help refugees - things that no one country could do.
My son is now an 'entrepreneur.' That's what you're called when you don't have a job.
Just because your ratings are bigger doesn't mean you're better.
The United States has got some of the dumbest people in the world. I want you to know that we know that.
We have to do more than keep media giants from growing larger; they're already too big. We need a new set of rules that will break these huge companies to pieces.
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
Life is like a B-movie. You don't want to leave in the middle of it but you don't want to see it again.
I didn't care what, how much adversity life threw at me. I intended to get to the top.
I'm 68 and a half years old; I grew up with newspapers; I love newspapers; I love the news business. I started CNN; I'm a journalist and proud of it.
I think we've already voted at the U.N., in the Security Council, to get rid of nuclear weapons. Let's get rid of them. Let's get rid of ours and then Iran will stop, I believe. And so everybody else will, because if everybody doesn't have them, then we're safe, at least safe from a nuclear attack.
I have both sleep apnea and atrial fibrillation, which are both debilitating conditions.
If the Russian nuclear arsenal was fired at the United States and other targets, and we fired back at them with thousands of nuclear weapons, it would be the end of life on earth.
I think George Bush is the most dangerous man in the world.
When our time's up, it's up. All the money in the world won't buy you one more day.
When I was young and ocean-racing competitively, and working the rest of the time, I was going 24 hours. I was on the verge of collapsing. But you've got to slow down a bit.
I'm a very good thinker, but I sometimes grab the wrong word. I say something I didn't think through adequately. I mean, I don't type my speeches, then sit up there and read them off the teleprompter, you know. I wing it.
The worst thing you can do if you want to start a fight is to use derogatory terminology.
I love CNN. I love the Cartoon Network. I mean, I thought these things up.
If the perpetrators of the World Trade Center plane crashes had a nuclear weapon, there's no doubt in my mind but that they would've detonated it in New York.
If you had the most prestige and you were the network that everybody turned to in times of a crisis, that that was the most important position, in the news business, to hold.
I believe in pulling together to make the country better right rather than pulling, tearing it apart for partisan reasons. I think the country comes first.
I wanted to better inform the world.
It's going to cost trillions of dollars to rework the energy sources all over the world. Were going to have to move away from fossil fuels.
At Time Warner, I had ten percent of the stock after the merger. But when we merged with AOL, I was diluted down to three percent.
The Iranians don't intimidate! They're like the Vietnamese and the Iraqis. You want to start a war with them? They'll still be fighting in fifty years!
The sad thing about destroying the environment is that we're going to take the rest of life with us. The bluebirds will be gone, and the elephants will be gone, and the tigers will be gone, and the pandas will be gone.
It was a struggle financing CNN, but I did it without ever asking the government for a nickel.
I travel a lot. I'm on the move.
