American,Businessman
You've got to stay strong to be strong in tough times.
Don't ever let your business get ahead of the financial side of your business. Accounting, accounting, accounting. Know your numbers.
When you have to stay late, you stay late, and when you don't have to stay late, you go home. But, you do whatever it takes to get the job done that day.
As much as you need to know your operations, if you don't understand the finance side and how to do the business, you're never going to be successful. So you might be the best operator or visionary, but if you don't understand the finance side... I'm successful because I know the finance side, but I also know operations; it's not an accident.
We're all born with different talents. I'm really not that smart, but I can see things - financially and development-wise. It's just the way we're made.
I always ask candidates two things: 'How many times have you been fired?' and, 'Do you watch your clock when it's time to go? Do you look at your phone? Do you look at your watch?'
I ask people what they do in sales, how much money they made last year, what their cost of sales is, and they don't even know. If you don't know your numbers, you're going out of business. I don't care how good your product is.
You can put the greatest seafood restaurant next to an average steak house in an urban area, and that steak house will do more business than the seafood place. If you go to the water, you can put an average seafood place next to the greatest steak house, and people are going to eat seafood.
I know all three facets of the business: the development side, the operations side, and I know how to borrow the money and how to put the deal together. If it was easy, everybody would do it.
The biggest thing I want to see is that people have the drive to succeed. If they can 'take it or leave it,' I don't do business with them. I enjoy mentoring. I like people who want to learn.
You have to know your strengths and weaknesses. If you don't have a particular strength, you need to go out and replace that.
Everybody wants to be led. Except for me. I want to lead.
I buy things that are good properties that I'm going to have forever. I just don't have any intention to sell anything. I believe you acquire good assets and you keep them and operate them.
We don't use consultants at Landry's. We're our consultants.
I'm there for my friends, and I'd like to think I'm there for my employees.
I can't draw a stick person. I can't play a musical instrument. But I've always had a knack for making money.
When you're public, you're at the mercy of the markets. You can be doing extremely well, but if the markets are in the tank or your industry is in the tank, you don't get rewarded for it.
When we buy somebody, we cut the head off. We keep the operators who are looking - I hate to use this term - they're looking for a leader. We lead very well. And we immediately spend money on them and make them better. Everybody wants to be led. Except for me. I want to lead.
As the economy improves, there aren't as many opportunities.
Everybody notices if you're the last one in in the morning and the first one to go in the evening. Always remember that as an employee.
I know how to finance something. It's easier today because, as you're more successful, everybody wants to do deals with you. But even in the beginning, when I took Landry's public, I owned 100 percent of it. I never had investors or anything. I was just always able to find a way to do it.
I run in a local park two or three times a week. I probably should do more than I do, but I also do weight-lifting along with that cardio.
I'm not on a special diet, but I do try to stay away from a lot of fried foods and from a lot of carbs. Yes, I eat a little bit of all of it.
I must have a God-given talent, which is the ability to multitask, plus I have great retention. I'm not the smartest guy, but I know how to do what I know how to do. I can handle things, and I don't have a lot of highs and lows. Sure, I might do some things for drama, but I'm not really upset. If you get hit across the head, you must move on.
People throw in the towel because they don't know how to fight. You'd be surprised how much fight you have in you if you just do it.
If you don't change and mix things up, you're going to get run over. One of the things we preach is change, change, change.
