American,Businessman
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
Prayer is man's greatest power!
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
Big doors swing on little hinges.
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
Your most precious, valued possessions and your greatest powers are invisible and intangible. No one can take them. You, and you alone, can give them. You will receive abundance for your giving.
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
To every disadvantage there is a corresponding advantage.
Every great man, every successful man, no matter what the field of endeavor, has known the magic that lies in these words: every adversity has the seed of an equivalent or greater benefit.
All personal achievement starts in the mind of the individual. Your personal achievement starts in your mind. The first step is to know exactly what your problem, goal or desire is.
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them.
What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.
We have a problem. 'Congratulations.' But it's a tough problem. 'Then double congratulations.'
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.
To be happy, make other people happy.
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance.
You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition.
Bondage is - subjection to external influences and internal negative thoughts and attitudes.
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be.
