Irish,Businessman
Hacking involves a different way of looking at problems that no one's thought of.
Flying down a tunnel of 1s and 0s is not how hacking is really done.
Problem-solving, inventing, hacking and coding is more of an adrenaline rush of endorphins rather than a feeling.
It's common in rural Ireland to pick up a nickname that relates to an animal, bird, or a spider. Mine became 'scorpion' because I fought back, and scorpions are docile creatures until pushed too far.
I'm proud to be part of the fabric that inspires the next generations to remain curious and remember that 'smart is cool.'
My left brain has gradually 'eaten' the right-brain capabilities away.
As software engineers trained to turn ambiguity into absolutes and fuzzy requirements into ones and zeros, we had a 'eureka' moment when we realized that our training had broader, real-world applications.
You have a core competency, something you're better at than I'll ever be, and that's your magic - your pixie dust.
Humans have 3 percent human error, and a lot of companies can't afford to be wrong 3 percent of the time anymore, so we close that 3 percent gap with some of the technologies. The AI we've developed doesn't make mistakes.
Once your IQ is 150 or over, it stops beings ability and becomes a disability.
My personality is extremely unbalanced.
If you look at any normal organization, the CEO is the person with the highest E.Q. The person with the highest IQ is often in the back room running the financials or the operations. That's topsy turvy.
I invite people to read the hundreds of positive articles instead of getting affected by the occasional outburst from a troll.
City of Los Angeles is my home, and it is my duty to lead by example, contribute all that I can, and help make the world a better place with the tools and resources available to me.
When I was 13, I thought I was pretty hot stuff because I knew BASIC programming, self-taught on the family's Commodore 64. One of my crowning accomplishments was writing a silly little program that showed a crudely-drawn Space Shuttle lifting off in a cloud of pixelated smoke.
I was about nine years old when a teacher administered my IQ test. Unfortunately, as I was nine, I didn't know that I needed to keep the paperwork for future reference.
We have a 25-year head start for the stories of 'Scorpion.' By the time we get to Season Two and Three, the stuff that happened because of Season One will actually fuel Season Three. So it'll become a self-sustainable show.
I'm left-brain dominant, so anxiety and nervousness don't affect me; most emotions don't.
There are kids going into chemistry and biology because of 'CSI.'
Bureaucracy kills people's ability to try new ideas.
Most managers are just trying to survive. That's why a lot of smarter guys have been let go from Fortune 500 companies: because they came up with new ideas that no one would allow them to try.
It's an honor to live in and serve the great City of Los Angeles. I'm also immensely grateful for the support I've received from Ireland.
My personal philosophy is that people should be extremely selfish for the first half of their life and extremely unselfish for the second half because then they can do the most good.
I am extremely left brain dominant, probably 95%-5%. The feeling side of my brain is not really strong.
I didn't fit in at school, and I didn't fit in at home, and I didn't know why. I was often lonely.
If you've made enough money where you're not worried about the rent or survival, you start asking yourself why you're on this planet. Your point is to do the most good you can before you die - well, I could do more good if I didn't die.
