American,Businessman
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Predicting rain doesn't count. Building arks does.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.
I always knew I was going to be rich. I don't think I ever doubted it for a minute.
Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
You know, people talk about this being an uncertain time. You know, all time is uncertain. I mean, it was uncertain back in - in 2007, we just didn't know it was uncertain. It was - uncertain on September 10th, 2001. It was uncertain on October 18th, 1987, you just didn't know it.
The investor of today does not profit from yesterday's growth.
The first rule is not to lose. The second rule is not to forget the first rule.
I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for five years.
I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.
We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful.
It's better to hang out with people better than you. Pick out associates whose behavior is better than yours and you'll drift in that direction.
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong.
Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.
Beware of geeks bearing formulas.
It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price.
Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
When you combine ignorance and leverage, you get some pretty interesting results.
Our favorite holding period is forever.
Wall Street is the only place that people ride to in a Rolls Royce to get advice from those who take the subway.
I would say the most satisfying thing actually is watching my three children each pick up on their own interests and work many more hours per week than most people that have jobs at trying to intelligently give away that money in fields that they particularly care about.
Americans are in a cycle of fear which leads to people not wanting to spend and not wanting to make investments, and that leads to more fear. We'll break out of it. It takes time.
Look at market fluctuations as your friend rather than your enemy; profit from folly rather than participate in it.
There are 309 million people out there that are trying to improve their lot in life. And we've got a system that allows them to do it.
I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars: I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing.
There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things difficult.
You have no ability, if you're a financial institution and you're threatened with criminal prosecution, you have no ability to negotiate.
The smarter the journalists are, the better off society is. For to a degree, people read the press to inform themselves - and the better the teacher, the better the student body.
Let blockheads read what blockheads wrote.
The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it.
The big question about how people behave is whether they've got an Inner Scorecard or an Outer Scorecard. It helps if you can be satisfied with an Inner Scorecard.
The rich are always going to say that, you know, just give us more money and we'll go out and spend more and then it will all trickle down to the rest of you. But that has not worked the last 10 years, and I hope the American public is catching on.
You do things when the opportunities come along. I've had periods in my life when I've had a bundle of ideas come along, and I've had long dry spells. If I get an idea next week, I'll do something. If not, I won't do a damn thing.
I just think that - when a country needs more income and we do, we're only taking in 15 percent of GDP, I mean, that - that - when a country needs more income, they should get it from the people that have it.
We believe that according the name 'investors' to institutions that trade actively is like calling someone who repeatedly engages in one-night stands a 'romantic.'
I think that both parties should declare the debt limit as a political weapon of mass destruction which can't be used. I mean, it is silly to have a country that has 237 years building up its reputation and then have people threaten to tear it down because they're not getting some other matter.
I am a huge bull on this country. We will not have a double-dip recession at all. I see our businesses coming back almost across the board.
I am quite serious when I say that I do not believe there are, on the whole earth besides, so many intensified bores as in these United States. No man can form an adequate idea of the real meaning of the word, without coming here.
I think the most important factor in getting out of the recession actually is just the regenerative capacity of - of American capitalism.
