Chinese,Environmentalist
Pollution is a serious one. Water pollution, air pollution, and then solid hazardous waste pollution. And then beyond that, we also have the resources issue. Not just water resources but other natural resources, the mining resources being consumed, and the destruction of our ecosystem.
Even the government understands that the environmental challenge is so big that no single agency can handle it. It needs collaboration among all the stakeholders - companies, governments, NGOs and the public. Public accountability will be the ultimate driving force.
We firmly believe the environmental issues cannot be addressed without extensive public participation, but people need to be informed before they can get involved.
Globalisation has powered economic growth in developing countries such as China. Global logistics, low domestic production costs, and strong consumer demand have let the country develop strong export-based manufacturing, making the country the workshop of the world.
The motivation should come from regulatory enforcement, but enforcement is weak, and environmental litigation is near to impossible. So there's an urgent need for extensive public participation to generate another kind of motivation.
Brands who come to China, often they just care about price - so they actually drive the suppliers to cut corners on environmental standards to win a contract.
Beijing was such a different city. There were so few cars, I could walk in the middle of the road. In the summer, the streetlamps attracted swirling bugs. I loved those bugs: crickets, praying mantis, all kinds of beetles. I also have a vivid memory of dazzling sunlight coming out of the sky.
People realised this is real pollution; it is not fog. Now everyone has to face the data and come out of their comfort zone.
With its imagination and large sales, Apple has become the world's most valuable IT company. However people are starting to have doubts regarding Apple's silence on heavy metal pollution problems.
In the future, officials will feel more pressure to protect the environment. But how to assess the officials' efforts to protect the environment is still a pivotal issue.
We copied laws and regulations from western countries, but enforcement remains weak, and environmental litigation is still quite near impossible.
I hope they can see that as a consumer, if they express themselves, they may make an impact and leverage their impact on the brands, and the brands can leverage their buying power on tens of thousands of polluters - suppliers - in China.
I know the government needs to ensure economic growth... we just hope it takes care of the environment, too.
China has leapfrogged into this information age, and Web users have grown very significantly, which knocked down the cost of doing the environmental transparency.
In China we need to do our own part to try to combat global climate change.
One thing most people would agree is that climate change would add further uncertainties to our already quite tight water supply situation in China.
Some of the areas in China have been under very grave water scarcity: for example, the north China plain; they are facing a very serious water shortage. Per capita levels have dropped to very serious levels, including in Beijing.
I hope to see an integrated solution created to deal with both the local pollution problem and the global climate change problem.
In America, you complain about job losses because of China, but here, we carry all of the environmental costs.
We want to use the environment to shift the way our society works.
I think its time to change and balance the environment and growth. If we don't do that, we're going to suffer a hard landing one day very soon.
We can't go to courts in China, so we have to find alternate ways, like working with brands to try and create a level playing field by identifying the most obvious polluters.
Everyone else has some interest in economic growth and development, which often happens at the expense of the environment and community. We need the other side to join this to check and balance.
When I look at China's environmental problems, the real barrier is not lack of technology or money. It's lack of motivation.
If you publish something in traditional media, it's one-way. With social media, we get all this info coming back from those who read our posts.
We haven't seen the turning point yet, but we're sticking to our bottom line, for the environment and the health of the country.
There is a growing recognition of the importance of really bringing pollution under control.
The situation is quite serious - groundwater is important source for water use, including drinking water, and if it gets contaminated, it's very costly and difficult to clean.
Environmental groups are not completely against dams. We approve of appropriate development.
It's true that hydropower exploitation can bring economic development, but not necessarily to the benefit of local people.
China's energy is very much focused on coal, and the economy is very focused on heavy industry, which is carbon intensive, so restructuring won't be easy.
To deal with local pollution, China has put on the agenda the capping of coal, which has long been a sensitive issue.
China is bearing the environmental cost for much of the world because China is the factory of the world.
We're manufacturing to meet the demands of our own people but, in the meantime, for the entire world as well, and that definitely put a lot of extra pressure on our environment.
Urban residents, most of them middle class, have a much better sense of their environmental rights, and they're willing to take to the streets.
