Ethiopian,Athlete
The 1500 m. record was considered impossible to break.
It's amazing - 2015 has been a fantastic year for me because of the records I've broken and the wins I've had.
I damaged my hamstring at the London Olympics and had to stop training for five months. At times, I thought my career was over.
An athlete may not know what they're putting in their body.
I'm the first from Ethiopia getting 1500-meter world record; that is amazing.
It feels so good to be the World Athlete of the Year.
Even when I'm back home, I find the flat parts of the course tougher. Because it's flat, I feel it more in my knees.
I used to win at school, and some teacher said to me, 'Why don't you take up running like your sisters?'
I've worked hard to get here; I would like to thank all the people who helped me.
I want to do just like my sister, if not even better.
I wanted to train more for the outdoor season than the indoor season, so I changed my training totally.
I already have natural speed, which I don't need to work on, so in training I've been working more on my endurance.
I have been dreaming of an outdoor world record forever. Now I want them all: the 1500, the 5000, even the 800.
Everybody expects me to win the gold medal.
Everyone is getting prepared for this, to win the gold medal. I am among them: I want to win the medal.
My dream is to get gold medal both in the world championship and the Olympics.
I had a great season and truly enjoyed competing around the world - from Monaco, where I managed to establish a world record, to Beijing, where I finally captured my first world outdoor title.
My focus in 2016 will be the IAAF World Indoor Championships in Portland, and as preparation for that, I will try to break the world indoor mile record in Stockholm on February 17.
Usually, it is not difficult to change from indoors to outdoors.
I find outdoors easier than indoors, but I am more interested in indoor athletics. I prefer it because it is hotter indoors, and I like the shorter laps.
I train mainly with guys, and they help to push me.
