English,Writer
The fact that logic cannot satisfy us awakens an almost insatiable hunger for the irrational.
The latest research has revealed that women have a higher IQ than men.
It would no doubt be very sentimental to argue - but I would argue it nevertheless - that the peculiar combination of joy and sadness in bell music - both of clock chimes, and of change-ringing - is very typical of England. It is of a piece with the irony in which English people habitually address one another.
It is the woman - nearly always - in spite of all the advances of modern feminism, who still takes responsibility for the bulk of the chores, as well as doing her paid job. This is true even in households where men try to be unselfish and to do their share.
The death of any man aged 56 is very sad for his widow and family. And no one would deny that Steve Jobs was a brilliant and highly innovative technician, with great business flair and marketing ability.
The really clever people now want to be lawyers or journalists.
IQ in general has improved since tests first began. Psychologists think that this is because modern life becomes ever more complicated.
If you read about Mussolini or Stalin or some of these other great monsters of history, they were at it all the time, that they were getting up in the morning very early. They were physically very active. They didn't eat lunch.
The Royal Family are not like you and me. They live in houses so big that you can walk round all day and never need to meet your spouse. The Queen and Prince Philip have never shared a bedroom in their lives. They don't even have breakfast together.
If only Queen Elizabeth II had the intellectual, political and linguistic skills of Queen Elizabeth I, many people would support giving her some of the powers of an elected president.
I'm starting to realize that people are beginning to want to know about me. It's a jolly strange idea.
Nearly all monster stories depend for their success on Jack killing the Giant, Beowulf or St. George slaying the Dragon, Harry Potter triumphing over the basilisk. That is their inner grammar, and the whole shape of the story leads towards it.
I should prefer to have a politician who regularly went to a massage parlour than one who promised a laptop computer for every teacher.
If you know somebody is going to be awfully annoyed by something you write, that's obviously very satisfying, and if they howl with rage or cry, that's honey.
It is remarkable how easily children and grown-ups adapt to living in a dictatorship organised by lunatics.
Since Einstein developed his theory of relativity, and Rutherford and Bohr revolutionised physics, our picture of the world has radically changed.
'In Memoriam' has been my companion for all my grownup life.
Tennyson seems to be the patron saint of the wishy washies, which is perhaps why I admire him so much, not only as a poet, but as a man.
Truth comes to us mediated by human love.
The United States is the ultimate land of optimistic promise, but it also gave birth to quintessentially pessimistic tragedy: 'Moby-Dick.'
I had lost faith in biography.
I don't think you can tell the objective truth about a person. That's why people write novels.
I don't write books inadvertently.
Iris Murdoch did influence my early novels very much, and influence is never entirely good.
Anti-Semitism is extremely common.
I think one of the very frightening things about the regime of the National Socialists is that it made people happy.
I might be deceiving myself but I do not think that I do have an inordinate fear of death.
I very much dislike the intolerance and moralism of many Christians, and feel more sympathy with Honest Doubters than with them.
I'm boring. My beliefs are neither here nor there.
I've got nothing very original to say myself.
When Christians start thinking about Jesus, things start breaking down, they lose their faith. It's perfectly possible to go to church every Sunday and not ask any questions, just because you like it as a way of life. They fear that if they ask questions they'll lose their Christ, the very linchpin of their religion.
I think that if you can't be loyal to the Church, it's best to get out.
People become dons because they are incapable of doing anything else in life.
Personally, I think universities are finished. So much rubbish gets taught.
