English,Writer
One of the luckiest things that can happen to you in life is, I think, to have a happy childhood.
One doesn't recognize the really important moments in one's life until it's too late.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
Very few of us are what we seem.
Most successes are unhappy. That's why they are successes - they have to reassure themselves about themselves by achieving something that the world will notice.
But surely for everything you have to love you have to pay some price.
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them.
It is ridiculous to set a detective story in New York City. New York City is itself a detective story.
Dogs are wise. They crawl away into a quiet corner and lick their wounds and do not rejoin the world until they are whole once more.
There's too much tendency to attribute to God the evils that man does of his own free will.
The best time to plan a book is while you're doing the dishes.
I married an archaeologist because the older I grow, the more he appreciates me.
Evil is not something superhuman, it's something less than human.
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.
I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
The happy people are failures because they are on such good terms with themselves they don't give a damn.
These little grey cells. It is up to them.
Curious things, habits. People themselves never knew they had them.
Never do anything yourself that others can do for you.
The popular idea that a child forgets easily is not an accurate one. Many people go right through life in the grip of an idea which has been impressed on them in very tender years.
Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.
Everything that has existed, lingers in the Eternity.
If one sticks too rigidly to one's principles, one would hardly see anybody.
Every murderer is probably somebody's old friend.
