Scottish,Writer
There is this intimacy still in Botswana. It's a country of just under two million people, and there's this sense of connectedness, in that people tend to be related to one another.
New York is a wonderful place to be up, an awful place to be down.
The local community is very important in one's life; the feelings of identification with a place and people.
That my philosophy of life is, as far as possible, one of enjoyment. I'm not nihilistic.
Manners are the basic building blocks of civil society.
One of the most destructive things that's happening in modern society is that we are losing our sense of the bonds that bind people together - which can lead to nightmares of social collapse.
If you lose sight of the smaller accomplishments, you end up with an imbalance in your life.
Any author of fiction will tell you that characters don't need to be told what to do.
Oh I love gadgets and I pride myself on keeping at the cutting edge of technology.
The wider your readership, the greater the chances of offending your readers.
Well, I'd say all of us are a combination of moods and emotions. In my day to day life I don't go around skipping, but at times one can feel sheer exhilarating joy at the world.
As a writer I've learned certain lessons. One of them is to be careful about how you put a view, and to bear in mind how easily and readily you'll be misinterpreted.
Who can't like pigs? They're wonderful creatures! I've always liked pigs.
I'm very interested in tea. I wouldn't mind being involved in some aspect of the tea industry.
Serial novels have an unexpected effect; they hook the writer as well as the reader.
You do not have to ladle on the impasto to make a point about human frailty or ambitions.
But you cannot expect every writer to dwell on human suffering. I think my books do deal with grave issues. People who say they are too positive probably haven't read them.
Every novel presents a slice of life. A noir policier for example presents one slice, one that perhaps addresses social dysfunction or some sort of pathology, while mine present a slice that is more upbeat and affirmative.
Painters aren't expected to paint bleak pictures, are they?
I think people in Botswana are pleased that my books paint a positive picture of their lives and portray the country as being very special. They've made a great success of their country, and the people are fed up with the constant reporting of only the problems and poverty of the continent. They welcome something which puts the positive side.
I'm interested in character and dialogue and exchange of ideas.
Wherever I go in the world, people all know about Scotland Street and are always asking me about what's going to happen to the characters next.
I would never inflict my bassoon on anybody really other than the long suffering audiences that come to the concerts of The Really Terrible Orchestra; which actually is really terrible.
It seems to me that we're in danger of losing sight of certain basic civic values in society by allowing the growth of a whole generation of people who really have no sense of attachment to society.
I've certainly always had a very high regard for Botswana and so I paint a very good picture of the country and I've never pretended to be painting an entirely realistic picture.
You're always told by your publisher that you must only write one book a year and some years you should perhaps write none at all.
