French,Writer
A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short.
We owe to the Middle Ages the two worst inventions of humanity - romantic love and gunpowder.
A successful marriage is an edifice that must be rebuilt every day.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
The difficult part in an argument is not to defend one's opinion but rather to know it.
In literature as in love, we are astonished at what is chosen by others.
Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.
To be witty is not enough. One must possess sufficient wit to avoid having too much of it.
Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them.
Old age is far more than white hair, wrinkles, the feeling that it is too late and the game finished, that the stage belongs to the rising generations. The true evil is not the weakening of the body, but the indifference of the soul.
Modesty and unselfishness - these are the virtues which men praise - and pass by.
If men could regard the events of their own lives with more open minds, they would frequently discover that they did not really desire the things they failed to obtain.
Lost Illusion is the undisclosed title of every novel.
Conversation would be vastly improved by the constant use of four simple words: I do not know.
If you create an act, you create a habit. If you create a habit, you create a character. If you create a character, you create a destiny.
Self-pity comes so naturally to all of us. The most solid happiness can be shaken by the compassion of a fool.
The first recipe for happiness is: avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.
No one can be profoundly original who does not avoid eccentricity.
We appreciate frankness from those who like us. Frankness from others is called insolence.
Men and women are not born inconstant: they are made so by their early amorous experiences.
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force.
Business is a combination of war and sport.
An artist must be a reactionary. He has to stand out against the tenor of the age and not go flopping along.
Style is the hallmark of a temperament stamped upon the material at hand.
The effectiveness of work increases according to geometric progression if there are no interruptions.
Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record.
