British,Writer
Stories come to me in mysterious ways, more like dreams than reasoned creations.
I had just been promoted to the first rugby team. It was a perfect, wonderful coming of age. My brother was already in the team, and my father had come to watch us. We went home, and my father died in front of me. Horribly, in about half an hour. He had a heart attack.
Something happens to our creativity as we go through the education process; most of us lose touch with it.
Never forget that children are at the heart of everything we do. Respect them, listen to them, talk to them as equals, and care about them.
M dad was a boxer, so he had this fierce, physical presence.
I played rugby from the age of 10 until my late twenties; an unlikely player - small, quiet, long-haired and 'wiry.'
As a father, I understand the importance of the bond that develops through reading picture books with your child.
Picture books are being marginalised. I get the feeling children are being pushed away from picture books earlier and earlier and being told to look at 'proper' books, which means books without pictures.
Everyone can draw when they're five. Most of us lose the ability.
My dad never decided what he wanted to do; at times he fought in the army, was a teacher, a boxer, a light engineer, and a then a publican. My mum was a traditional housewife and mother. They showed my brother and I unconditional love.
The first things I remember drawing were battles - big sheets of paper covered in terrible scenes of carnage - though when you looked closely, there were little jokes and speech bubbles and odd things going on in the background.
Writers are articulate. Artists find it more difficult.
Force me to choose my best book, and I always come back to 'Gorilla.' It was the first time I felt I understood what picture books could do.
I see 'Hansel and Gretel' as a breakthrough book for me, and one of the reasons is because I started to apply meaning to the hidden details.
Having a memoir and a retrospective of your work running almost simultaneously when you're still alive does feel a bit posthumous.
Pictures are as evocative to me as smells.
I never want to make a child worried or afraid, and I don't think I do. My pictures are born from the belief that children are far more capable and aware of social complexities than we give them credit for.
I've always felt that I was a bit of an outsider to the British children's-book illustration scene, because I don't work in line and wash.
As a child, I'd always liked cowboys and Indians stories where there were two layers - gruesome in the foreground but funny in the background.
From 17 to 21, I was obsessed by sport and art. In art, I loved the pre-Raphaelites and Rembrandt first. Then I discovered Salvador Dali, and it was like finding something I already knew.
I use a little brush only for really small details. Over the years, I've started to use a much larger brush.
A lot of my characters are underdogs or sad or lonely, but I had a comfortable, golden sort of childhood.
I didn't have picture books - there weren't many around when I was a child.
Stories come to me and I don't know where they come from, but afterwards I can look back and say, 'Oh yes, that's got a little bit of me, or a little bit of my own son in it'. That's where ideas come from.
I grew up with an older brother who was always stronger and faster and better than me at everything, but I was close enough in age to try and compete, so we had a competitive childhood.
I don't like narrowing my readers down - there's not a particular age or gender or nationality. I suppose I'm aiming at the child I was.
