American,Writer
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
Applause is a receipt, not a bill.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.
Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do.
There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it.
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.
The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism - and wars.
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.
When fate hands you a lemon, make lemonade.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive.
You can close more business in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you.
If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.
Tell the audience what you're going to say, say it; then tell them what you've said.
Those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still.
Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners.
If only the people who worry about their liabilities would think about the riches they do possess, they would stop worrying.
