American,Writer
I think the best thing for you to do is just live your life. Live a life that's worth living, one where you do what you want to do, pursue your passions. That way, if you meet someone, they'll be joining a life that's already really good.
Ultimately life is disease, death and oblivion. It's still better than high school.
No, I'm not good looking.
One man's blasphemy doesn't override other people's free-speech rights, their freedom to publish, freedom of thought.
Sometimes I talk to religious people about my column or what I do, and I ask them to, you know, read 20 or 30 of them and then come tell me that the message at the heart of every column isn't, 'Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.' In every possible sense.
So I don't feel particularly wealthy-but, you know, I pay my taxes and I know that I am.
The cultural expectation should be if there's infidelity, the marriage is more important than fidelity.
You know, my problem is I can't say no to people, especially people who want to write me checks to do things.
Books are magic: you never know where they're going to end up.
I'm an agnosto-theist.
But it doesn't matter what you're doing, it matters how you're doing it.
I got picked on a lot, even by teachers too. I liked to listen to musicals and bake, and my homeroom teacher found out and mocked me in front of the whole class for baking.
I don't think it's the responsibility of gays and lesbians to reinvent the family.
Every question is a hypothetical question for everyone but the person who asks it.
I don't think that sin and pursuing happiness are not necessarily the same thing.
How can you tell somebody whose is pursuing happiness that they're somehow not American when that was the very first promise that America made?
The bullied straight kid goes home to a shoulder to cry on and support and can talk freely about his experience at school and why he's being bullied. I couldn't go home and open up to my parents.
A huge part of what animates homophobia among young people is paranoia and fear of their own capacity to be gay themselves.
Mother's Day is a torment if your mother is dead. Valentine's Day is a torment if you don't got one. And at some point in our lives, we will be tormented by Valentine's Day even if we're relatively lucky in love.
Christmas can have a real melancholy aspect, 'cause it packages itself as this idea of perfect family cohesion and love, and you're always going to come up short when you measure your personal life against the idealized personal lives that are constantly thrust in our faces, primarily by TV commercials.
I wouldn't say that holidays are manufactured by corporations, but they're certainly exploited and mined by them.
I get letters every year from women who think Valentine's Day is an empty exercise, but are ironically pretty exercised when their boyfriends neglect or forget it.
I don't write about my life in my column.
I don't like to think about what school was like for me.
When I was in high school I got involved in the fringe theater scene in Chicago, and I met some openly gay people. I could see that it got better, that they were happy and loved and supported. I saw with my own eyes that it got better.
It's going to take generations of gay people marrying before these things start to feel natural. We haven't had it long enough to remake it as our own, so it does feel like you're getting dressed up in straight drag to do it.
Actual gay people can make many others feel uncomfortable and paranoid because they don't know and can't articulate what makes a person gay, and they worry that maybe they themselves are gay.
A lot of people are living their lives online in much more public ways with Facebook and Twitter.
There are so many people out there with less shame talking about their problems.
I treat people who write me the way my friends and I all treat each other when we go to each other for advice, which is sometimes with supreme cruelty.
See, I'm a subverter at heart.
I think the 'South Park' guys are brilliant.
I didn't want kids to think that to be happy, they had to be famous or rich or live in the big city.
I wanted to be a priest when I was a kid.
Men were never expected to be monogamous.
I have a thick skin, but I have a heart.
School is very conformist, and one of the very first conforming that goes on in preschool and kindergarten is gender.
