American,Writer
It's odd the things that people remember. Parents will arrange a birthday party, certain it will stick in your mind forever. You'll have a nice time, then two years later you'll be like, 'There was a pony there? Really? And a clown with one leg?'
I love things made out of animals. It's just so funny to think of someone saying, 'I need a letter opener. I guess I'll have to kill a deer.
I just enjoy lying on the couch and reading a magazine.
To say that a humorist exaggerates to get big laughs, I don't see how that's big news.
I've been keeping a diary for thirty-three years and write in it every morning. Most of it's just whining, but every so often there'll be something I can use later: a joke, a description, a quote. It's an invaluable aid when it comes to winning arguments. 'That's not what you said on February 3, 1996,' I'll say to someone.
My family isn't really all that different from anyone else's. Well, maybe they're a bit more entertaining.
I went from having 50 listeners to 50 million listeners.
As a foreigner in London, I like that there are so many other foreigners.
After a few months in my parents' basement, I took an apartment near the state university, where I discovered both crystal methamphetamine and conceptual art. Either one of these things are dangerous, but in combination they have the potential to destroy entire civilizations.
But I don't distinguish between being laughed with, and laughed at. I'll take either.
Sometimes with 'The New Yorker,' they have grammar rules that just don't feel right in my mouth.
I sometimes read books on my iPad.
I haven't got the slightest idea how to change people, but still I keep a long list of prospective candidates just in case I should ever figure it out.
They were nothing like the French people I had imagined. If anything, they were too kind, too generous and too knowledgable in the fields of plumbing and electricity.
People ask me, 'Have you ever considered doing stand-up?' To me it would be less offensive if someone asked me, 'Have you ever considered dental implants?'
I like to reserve the right to write about whatever I like.
The humor section is the last place an author wants to be. They put your stuff next to collections of Cathy cartoons.
I always think it's a good policy to like the people who like you.
I love 'Glee.' I cry all the time when I watch 'Glee' because I don't know if it's satire or melodrama and that makes me feel like the writing is aware of itself, and that makes it okay to cry.
I just think that the people who say: 'That's not true' when someone tells a story at dinner are the people who didn't get any laughs when they told their story.
My sister Tiffany told me years ago, 'You can never write about me.' Then she called six months ago and said she wanted to be in a story. She was worried people thought I didn't like her.
I've been keeping diaries for 27 years.
If you read somebody's diary, you get what you deserve.
People ask if I miss it, but they don't understand that American culture is so ubiquitous that there's nothing to miss. I don't see myself moving back. It's not that I hate the United States. I just always thought it would be a shame not to live in a foreign country.
No one writes dialect better than Flannery O'Connor. No one should even try.
I go to the movies at least five times a week, and after a while everything becomes a blur to me.
I'm not a reporter but the 'New Yorker' treats everyone like a reporter.
What other people call dark and despairing, I call funny.
I tend to show everything I do to my family, to check they won't be offended.
Also, I used to think that one day I might get someone to iron my shirts, but the truth is I really like doing them myself.
I like nonfiction books about people with wretched lives.
I guess my guilty pleasure would be listening to the British audio versions of the 'Harry Potter' books.
I like listening to books as well, as that way you can iron at the same time.
When I look at a lot of older stuff that I've written, I think one sign of amateur humor writing is when you see people trying too hard.
