American,Writer
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence.
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you.
As long as we are persistence in our pursuit of our deepest destiny, we will continue to grow. We cannot choose the day or time when we will fully bloom. It happens in its own time.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
You must look within for value, but must look beyond for perspective.
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.
The most splendid achievement of all is the constant striving to surpass yourself and to be worthy of your own approval.
Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.
You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
Losers make promises they often break. Winners make commitments they always keep.
It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit.
I had the blues because I had no shoes until upon the street, I met a man who had no feet.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
The winners in life think constantly in terms of I can, I will, and I am. Losers, on the other hand, concentrate their waking thoughts on what they should have or would have done, or what they can't do.
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.
Listen to the desires of your children. Encourage them and then give them the autonomy to make their own decision.
Get excited and enthusiastic about you own dream. This excitement is like a forest fire - you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a mile away.
You must understand that seeing is believing, but also know that believing is seeing.
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
Success in life comes not from holding a good hand, but in playing a poor hand well.
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest.
You must consider the bottom line, but make it integrity before profits.
You must continue to gain expertise, but avoid thinking like an expert.
Don't ever let economic alone determine your career or how you spend the majority of your time.
To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our successes and forget about the failures and the negatives in our lives.
Out of need springs desire, and out of desire springs the energy and the will to win.
Everything is something you decide to do, and there is nothing you have to do.
There are no mistakes or failures, only lessons.
You must accept responsibility for your actions, but not the credit for your achievements.
One characteristic of winners is they always look upon themselves as a do it yourself project.
