American,Writer
A person's a person, no matter how small.
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go.
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.
I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells.
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
Only you can control your future.
You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child.
Adults are obsolete children.
I've heard there are troubles of more than one kind; some come from ahead, and some come from behind. But I've brought a big bat. I'm all ready, you see; now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!
Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store.
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
How did it get so late so soon? Its night before its afternoon. December is here before its June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?
Fun is good.
Preachers in pulpits talked about what a great message is in the book. No matter what you do, somebody always imputes meaning into your books.
Whenever things go a bit sour in a job I'm doing, I always tell myself, 'You can do better than this.'
I am not a consecutive writer.
'The Lorax' book was intended to be propaganda.
