American,Writer
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.
The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Know what you want to do, hold the thought firmly, and do every day what should be done, and every sunset will see you that much nearer to your goal.
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
If you suffer, thank God! It is a sure sign that you are alive.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is continually fearing that you'll make one.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Art is not a thing; it is a way.
The highest reward that God gives us for good work is the ability to do better work.
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.
We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them.
The supernatural is the natural not yet understood.
Life in abundance comes only through great love.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Our desires always disappoint us; for though we meet with something that gives us satisfaction, yet it never thoroughly answers our expectation.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
Where much is expected from an individual, he may rise to the level of events and make the dream come true.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
It is easy to get everything you want, provided you first learn to do without the things you cannot get.
Polygamy: An endeavour to get more out of life than there is in it.
Love grows by giving. The love we give away is the only love we keep. The only way to retain love is to give it away.
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods.
Never get married in college; it's hard to get a start if a prospective employer finds you've already made one mistake.
The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner.
This will never be a civilized country until we spend more money for books than we do for chewing gum.
We work to become, not to acquire.
Fear is the thought of admitted inferiority.
I would rather be able to appreciate things I can not have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.
The man who has no problems is out of the game.
It's pretty hard to be efficient without being obnoxious.
Reversing your treatment of the man you have wronged is better than asking his forgiveness.
Life is just one damned thing after another.
Optimism is a kind of heart stimulant - the digitalis of failure.
It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide on what to do.
So long as governments set the example of killing their enemies, private individuals will occasionally kill theirs.
Live truth instead of professing it.
A pessimist? That's a person who has been intimately acquainted with an optimist.
If pleasures are greatest in anticipation, just remember that this is also true of trouble.
Men are only as great as they are kind.
Christianity supplies a Hell for the people who disagree with you and a Heaven for your friends.
The reason men oppose progress is not that they hate progress, but that they love inertia.
A woman will doubt everything you say except it be compliments to herself.
The man who knows it can't be done counts the risk, not the reward.
Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street.
Die, v.: To stop sinning suddenly.
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
The idea that is not dangerous is not worthy of being called an idea at all.
There is something that is much more scarce, something finer far, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability.
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman as bad as she dares.
Editor: a person employed by a newspaper, whose business it is to separate the wheat from the chaff, and to see that the chaff is printed.
The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
We are not punished for our sins, but by them.
In order to have friends, you must first be one.
The thing we fear we bring to pass.
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success.
