French,Writer
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.
People's personalities, like buildings, have various facades, some pleasant to view, some not.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Hypocrisy is the homage vice pays to virtue.
The intellect is always fooled by the heart.
One forgives to the degree that one loves.
Jealousy lives upon doubts. It becomes madness or ceases entirely as soon as we pass from doubt to certainty.
Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while.
Old people love to give good advice; it compensates them for their inability to set a bad example.
Repentance is not so much remorse for what we have done as the fear of the consequences.
Flattery is a kind of bad money, to which our vanity gives us currency.
Mediocre minds usually dismiss anything which reaches beyond their own understanding.
There are bad people who would be less dangerous if they were quite devoid of goodness.
The accent of one's birthplace remains in the mind and in the heart as in one's speech.
If we have not peace within ourselves, it is in vain to seek it from outward sources.
The only thing that should surprise us is that there are still some things that can surprise us.
A man's worth has its season, like fruit.
We are strong enough to bear the misfortunes of others.
The accent of a man's native country remains in his mind and his heart, as it does in his speech.
The principal point of cleverness is to know how to value things just as they deserve.
Nothing is impossible; there are ways that lead to everything, and if we had sufficient will we should always have sufficient means. It is often merely for an excuse that we say things are impossible.
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires.
The sure way to be cheated is to think one's self more cunning than others.
Moderation is the feebleness and sloth of the soul, whereas ambition is the warmth and activity of it.
Philosophy finds it an easy matter to vanquish past and future evils, but the present are commonly too hard for it.
You can find women who have never had an affair, but it is hard to find a woman who has had just one.
We often pardon those that annoy us, but we cannot pardon those we annoy.
We are sometimes as different from ourselves as we are from others.
Our actions seem to have their lucky and unlucky stars, to which a great part of that blame and that commendation is due which is given to the actions themselves.
Ridicule dishonors a man more than dishonor does.
Politeness is a desire to be treated politely, and to be esteemed polite oneself.
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at with a steady eye.
We seldom find people ungrateful so long as it is thought we can serve them.
No man deserves to be praised for his goodness, who has it not in his power to be wicked. Goodness without that power is generally nothing more than sloth, or an impotence of will.
We would frequently be ashamed of our good deeds if people saw all of the motives that produced them.
Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.
We seldom find any person of good sense, except those who share our opinions.
Decency is the least of all laws, but yet it is the law which is most strictly observed.
It takes nearly as much ability to know how to profit by good advice as to know how to act for one's self.
Some people displease with merit, and others' very faults and defects are pleasing.
A great many men's gratitude is nothing but a secret desire to hook in more valuable kindnesses hereafter.
It is a great act of cleverness to be able to conceal one's being clever.
Hope, deceiving as it is, serves at least to lead us to the end of our lives by an agreeable route.
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.
Perfect Valor is to do, without a witness, all that we could do before the whole world.
We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears.
Love can no more continue without a constant motion than fire can; and when once you take hope and fear away, you take from it its very life and being.
If we did not flatter ourselves, the flattery of others could never harm us.
The passions are the only orators which always persuade.
We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves to others that in the end we become disguised to ourselves.
We pardon to the extent that we love.
It is easier to appear worthy of a position one does not hold, than of the office which one fills.
Men give away nothing so liberally as their advice.
In the human heart new passions are forever being born; the overthrow of one almost always means the rise of another.
Women's virtue is frequently nothing but a regard to their own quiet and a tenderness for their reputation.
When we are in love we often doubt that which we most believe.
Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
Perfect behavior is born of complete indifference.
As it is the characteristic of great wits to say much in few words, so small wits seem to have the gift of speaking much and saying nothing.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
When a man must force himself to be faithful in his love, this is hardly better than unfaithfulness.
Silence is the safest course for any man to adopt who distrust himself.
Self-interest makes some people blind, and others sharp-sighted.
Everyone complains of his memory, and nobody complains of his judgment.
We get so much in the habit of wearing disguises before others that we finally appear disguised before ourselves.
There are very few people who are not ashamed of having been in love when they no longer love each other.
One is never fortunate or as unfortunate as one imagines.
The one thing people are the most liberal with, is their advice.
The sure mark of one born with noble qualities is being born without envy.
There is a kind of elevation which does not depend on fortune; it is a certain air which distinguishes us, and seems to destine us for great things; it is a price which we imperceptibly set upon ourselves.
In the misfortunes of our best friends we always find something not altogether displeasing to us.
Our virtues are often, in reality, no better than vices disguised.
The defects and faults of the mind are like wounds in the body; after all imaginable care has been taken to heal them up, still there will be a scar left behind, and they are in continual danger of breaking the skin and bursting out again.
Innocence does not find near so much protection as guilt.
When our vices leave us, we like to imagine it is we who are leaving them.
The generality of virtuous women are like hidden treasures, they are safe only because nobody has sought after them.
On neither the sun, nor death, can a man look fixedly.
Most of our faults are more pardonable than the means we use to conceal them.
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation.
No man is clever enough to know all the evil he does.
The desire to seem clever often keeps us from being so.
We would rather speak ill of ourselves than not talk about ourselves at all.
Why can we remember the tiniest detail that has happened to us, and not remember how many times we have told it to the same person.
I have always been an admirer. I regard the gift of admiration as indispensable if one is to amount to something; I don't know where I would be without it.
Never give anyone the advice to buy or sell shares, because the most benevolent price of advice can turn out badly.
Perhaps being old is having lighted rooms inside your head, and people in them, acting. People you know, yet can't quite name.
There are various sorts of curiosity; one is from interest, which makes us desire to know that which may be useful to us; and the other, from pride which comes from the wish to know what others are ignorant of.
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them.
Weakness of character is the only defect which cannot be amended.
We confess our little faults to persuade people that we have no large ones.
Confidence contributes more to conversation than wit.
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most ridiculous ones.
The reason that lovers never weary each other is because they are always talking about themselves.
Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
We always love those who admire us, but we do not always love those whom we admire.
We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
Why is it that our memory is good enough to retain the least triviality that happens to us, and yet not good enough to recollect how often we have told it to the same person?
Perfect valour consists in doing without witnesses that which we would be capable of doing before everyone.
What is called generosity is usually only the vanity of giving; we enjoy the vanity more than the thing given.
How can we expect another to keep our secret if we have been unable to keep it ourselves?
The word virtue is as useful to self-interest as the vices.
In love we often doubt what we most believe.
Funeral pomp is more for the vanity of the living than for the honor of the dead.
As one grows older, one becomes wiser and more foolish.
The reason why so few people are agreeable in conversation is that each is thinking more about what he intends to say than others are saying.
If we had no faults of our own, we should not take so much pleasure in noticing those in others.
If it were not for the company of fools, a witty man would often be greatly at a loss.
Usually we praise only to be praised.
We only confess our little faults to persuade people that we have no big ones.
To achieve greatness one should live as if they will never die.
There are crimes which become innocent and even glorious through their splendor, number and excess.
If we are to judge of love by its consequences, it more nearly resembles hatred than friendship.
We are nearer loving those who hate us than those who love us more than we wish.
Great souls are not those who have fewer passions and more virtues than others, but only those who have greater designs.
In most of mankind gratitude is merely a secret hope of further favors.
Those who are incapable of committing great crimes do not readily suspect them in others.
The virtues and vices are all put in motion by interest.
A refusal of praise is a desire to be praised twice.
When we disclaim praise, it is only showing our desire to be praised a second time.
It is easier to know men in general, than men in particular.
The mind is always the patsy of the heart.
Few things are impracticable in themselves; and it is for want of application, rather than of means, that men fail to succeed.
We all have enough strength to endure the misfortunes of others.
Timidity is a fault for which it is dangerous to reprove persons whom we wish to correct of it.
In all professions each affects a look and an exterior to appear what he wishes the world to believe that he is. Thus we may say that the whole world is made up of appearances.
Taste may change, but inclination never.
The happiness and misery of men depend no less on temper than fortune.
We do not despise all those who have vices, but we do despise those that have no virtue.
It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.
Before we set our hearts too much upon anything, let us examine how happy they are, who already possess it.
We always get bored with those whom we bore.
Pride does not wish to owe and vanity does not wish to pay.
There are heroes in evil as well as in good.
We often forgive those who bore us, but we cannot forgive those whom we bore.
What seems to be generosity is often no more than disguised ambition, which overlooks a small interest in order to secure a great one.
Not all those who know their minds know their hearts as well.
Nothing prevents one from appearing natural as the desire to appear natural.
Love often leads on to ambition, but seldom does one return from ambition to love.
Being a blockhead is sometimes the best security against being cheated by a man of wit.
The defects of the mind, like those of the face, grow worse with age.
We may sooner be brought to love them that hate us, than them that love us more than we would have them do.
It is from a weakness and smallness of mind that men are opinionated; and we are very loath to believe what we are not able to comprehend.
There are very few things impossible in themselves; and we do not want means to conquer difficulties so much as application and resolution in the use of means.
There is many a virtuous woman weary of her trade.
A man is sometimes as different from himself as he is from others.
However glorious an action in itself, it ought not to pass for great if it be not the effect of wisdom and intention.
Nothing hinders a thing from being natural so much as the straining ourselves to make it seem so.
Perfect courage is to do without witnesses what one would be capable of doing with the world looking on.
The greatest part of intimate confidences proceed from a desire either to be pitied or admired.
Some accidents there are in life that a little folly is necessary to help us out of.
The more one loves a mistress, the more one is ready to hate her.
The surest way to be deceived is to consider oneself cleverer than others.
We promise in proportion to our hopes, and we deliver in proportion to our fears.
It is with an old love as it is with old age a man lives to all the miseries, but is dead to all the pleasures.
When a man is in love, he doubts, very often, what he most firmly believes.
We are never so ridiculous through what we are as through what we pretend to be.
That good disposition which boasts of being most tender is often stifled by the least urging of self-interest.
We seldom praise anyone in good earnest, except such as admire us.
We may seem great in an employment below our worth, but we very often look little in one that is too big for us.
Some counterfeits reproduce so very well the truth that it would be a flaw of judgment not to be deceived by them.
We are very far from always knowing our own wishes.
Pride, which inspires us with so much envy, is sometimes of use toward the moderating of it too.
However greatly we distrust the sincerity of those we converse with, yet still we think they tell more truth to us than to anyone else.
The mind cannot long play the heart's role.
Only the contemptible fear contempt.
We are easily comforted for the misfortunes of our friends, when those misfortunes give us an occasion of expressing our affection and solicitude.
Those that have had great passions esteem themselves for the rest of their lives fortunate and unfortunate in being cured of them.
The desire of talking of ourselves, and showing those faults we do not mind having seen, makes up a good part of our sincerity.
It is not in the power of even the most crafty dissimulation to conceal love long, where it really is, nor to counterfeit it long where it is not.
One can find women who have never had one love affair, but it is rare indeed to find any who have had only one.
The man that thinks he loves his mistress for her own sake is mightily mistaken.
The name and pretense of virtue is as serviceable to self-interest as are real vices.
It is often laziness and timidity that keep us within our duty while virtue gets all the credit.
It is almost always a fault of one who loves not to realize when he ceases to be loved.
Every one speaks well of his own heart, but no one dares speak well of his own mind.
We do not praise others, ordinarily, but in order to be praised ourselves.
There are a great many men valued in society who have nothing to recommend them but serviceable vices.
There are but very few men clever enough to know all the mischief they do.
There are few virtuous women who are not bored with their trade.
There is nothing men are so generous of as advice.
If we judge love by most of its effects, it resembles rather hatred than affection.
Fortune converts everything to the advantage of her favorites.
No men are oftener wrong than those that can least bear to be so.
People always complain about their memories, never about their minds.
We easily forgive our friends those faults that do no affect us ourselves.
He is not to pass for a man of reason who stumbles upon reason by chance but he who knows it and can judge it and has a true taste for it.
Whatever good things people say of us, they tell us nothing new.
The first lover is kept a long while, when no offer is made of a second.
There is no better proof of a man's being truly good than his desiring to be constantly under the observation of good men.
We are all strong enough to bear other men's misfortunes.
Men often pass from love to ambition, but they seldom come back again from ambition to love.
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
Though nature be ever so generous, yet can she not make a hero alone. Fortune must contribute her part too; and till both concur, the work cannot be perfected.
Few people have the wisdom to prefer the criticism that would do them good, to the praise that deceives them.
If there be a love pure and free from the admixture of our other passions, it is that which lies hidden in the bottom of our heart, and which we know not ourselves.
What keeps us from abandoning ourselves entirely to one vice, often, is the fact that we have several.
What makes the pain we feel from shame and jealousy so cutting is that vanity can give us no assistance in bearing them.
Nature seems at each man's birth to have marked out the bounds of his virtues and vices, and to have determined how good or how wicked that man shall be capable of being.
Our concern for the loss of our friends is not always from a sense of their worth, but rather of our own need of them and that we have lost some who had a good opinion of us.
He who lives without folly isn't so wise as he thinks.
Our aversion to lying is commonly a secret ambition to make what we say considerable, and have every word received with a religious respect.
We come altogether fresh and raw into the several stages of life, and often find ourselves without experience, despite our years.
They that apply themselves to trifling matters commonly become incapable of great ones.
The force we use on ourselves, to prevent ourselves from loving, is often more cruel than the severest treatment at the hands of one loved.
It's the height of folly to want to be the only wise one.
How is it that we remember the least triviality that happens to us, and yet not remember how often we have recounted it to the same person?
We say little, when vanity does not make us speak.
We should often blush for our very best actions, if the world did but see all the motives upon which they were done.
Most people know no other way of judging men's worth but by the vogue they are in, or the fortunes they have met with.
Jealousy is bred in doubts. When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness.
