American,Writer
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
Thank you, dear God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough. Thank you for the rain. And for the chance to wake up in three hours and go fishing: I thank you for that now, because I won't feel so thankful then.
A book is a gift you can open again and again.
The father of a daughter is nothing but a high-class hostage. A father turns a stony face to his sons, berates them, shakes his antlers, paws the ground, snorts, runs them off into the underbrush, but when his daughter puts her arm over his shoulder and says, 'Daddy, I need to ask you something,' he is a pat of butter in a hot frying pan.
A girl in a bikini is like having a loaded pistol on your coffee table - There's nothing wrong with them, but it's hard to stop thinking about it.
It's a shallow life that doesn't give a person a few scars.
It was luxuries like air conditioning that brought down the Roman Empire. With air conditioning their windows were shut, they couldn't hear the barbarians coming.
I'm not busy... a woman with three children under the age of 10 wouldn't think my schedule looked so busy.
I want to resume the life of a shy person.
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.
Nothing you do for children is ever wasted. They seem not to notice us, hovering, averting our eyes, and they seldom offer thanks, but what we do for them is never wasted.
God writes a lot of comedy... the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny.
They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days.
The highlight of my childhood was making my brother laugh so hard that food came out of his nose.
I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it.
I write for a radio show that, no matter what, will go on the air Saturday at five o'clock central time. You learn to write toward that deadline, to let the adrenaline pick you up on Friday morning and carry you through, to cook up a monologue about Lake Wobegon and get to the theater on time.
A lovely thing about Christmas is that it's compulsory, like a thunderstorm, and we all go through it together.
The funniest line in English is 'Get it?' When you say that, everyone chortles.
The reason to retire is to try to avoid embarrassment; you ought to do it before people are dropping big hints. You want to be the first to come up with the idea. You don't want to wait until you trip and fall off the stage.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have got it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known.
Even in a time of elephantine vanity and greed, one never has to look far to see the campfires of gentle people.
Sometimes you have to look reality in the eye, and deny it.
I think the most un-American thing you can say is, 'You can't say that.'
I love New York, and I'm drawn to a certain intensity of life, but I've just never felt like I want to escape from the Midwest. A writer lives a great deal in his own head, and so one intuitively finds places where your head is more clear. New York for me is one of those places.
When you're in your 20s, your 30s, even, you have - at least, I had - vast ambitions, and you sit around mooning about these things, and you're depressed, because you haven't done them. And it takes you a long time to come to the realization that if you can't be John Updike, well, then, you can't.
