American,Writer
You will never win if you never begin.
A man never knows how to say goodbye; a woman never knows when to say it.
Home is any four walls that enclose the right person.
Never trust a husband too far, nor a bachelor too near.
When two people decide to get a divorce, it isn't a sign that they 'don't understand' one another, but a sign that they have, at last, begun to.
A man is like a cat; chase him and he will run - sit still and ignore him and he'll come purring at your feet.
A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil. She wants to see what she is getting.
Life begins at 40 - but so do fallen arches, rheumatism, faulty eyesight, and the tendency to tell a story to the same person, three or four times.
To be happy with a man you must understand him a lot and love him a little. To be happy with a woman you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.
And verily, a woman need know but one man well, in order to understand all men; whereas a man may know all women and understand not one of them.
When a man makes a woman his wife, it's the highest compliment he can pay her, and it's usually the last.
Somehow a bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
The tenderest spot in a man's make-up is sometimes the bald spot on top of his head.
When a girl marries, she exchanges the attentions of many men for the inattention of one.
In love, somehow, a man's heart is always either exceeding the speed limit, or getting parked in the wrong place.
Before marriage, a man declares that he would lay down his life to serve you; after marriage, he won't even lay down his newspaper to talk to you.
Don't waste time trying to break a man's heart; be satisfied if you can just manage to chip it in a brand new place.
Why does a man take it for granted that a girl who flirts with him wants him to kiss her - when, nine times out of ten, she only wants him to want to kiss her?
A man's desire for a son is usually nothing but the wish to duplicate himself in order that such a remarkable pattern may not be lost to the world.
A woman's flattery may inflate a man's head a little; but her criticism goes straight to his heart, and contracts it so that it can never again hold quite as much love for her.
Love, the quest; marriage, the conquest; divorce, the inquest.
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense.
A Bachelor of Arts is one who makes love to a lot of women, and yet has the art to remain a bachelor.
Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.
After a few years of marriage a man can look right at a woman without seeing her and a woman can see right through a man without looking at him.
Some women can be fooled all of the time, and all women can be fooled some of the time, but the same woman can't be fooled by the same man in the same way more than half of the time.
There's so much saint in the worst of them, and so much devil in the best of them, that a woman who's married to one of them, has nothing to learn of the rest of them.
It takes one woman twenty years to make a man of her son - and another woman twenty minutes to make a fool of him.
A fool and her money are soon courted.
Nowadays love is a matter of chance, matrimony a matter of money and divorce a matter of course.
No man can understand why a woman shouldn't prefer a good reputation to a good time.
A wise woman puts a grain of sugar into everything she says to a man, and takes a grain of salt with everything he says to her.
When you see what some women marry, you realize how they must hate to work for a living.
Between lovers a little confession is a dangerous thing.
It is easier to keep half a dozen lovers guessing than to keep one lover after he has stopped guessing.
After marriage, a woman's sight becomes so keen that she can see right through her husband without looking at him, and a man's so dull that he can look right through his wife without seeing her.
The woman who appeals to a man's vanity may stimulate him, the woman who appeals to his heart may attract him, but it is the woman who appeals to his imagination who gets him.
Ever since Eve started it all by offering Adam the apple, woman's punishment has been to supply a man with food then suffer the consequences when it disagrees with him.
