American,Writer
I can't be a creative person if I'm a celebrity.
Be a member of the human race. Love somebody. Change the world.
You make your own luck by working hard, you know?
John Brown was clearly flawed in real life. He did some terrible things, but he did some things none of us would have had the heart to do. His moral leanings were unquestionably admirable.
People call him a terrorist, but you can use language to do many things and say many things about people, but John Brown was a hero.
John Brown was the abolitionist to end all abolitionists. People thought he was crazy. He was like John Coltrane playing free jazz, exhausting all possibilities in his approach to harmony and improvisation.
I thank God I was a reporter before I became a writer.
My family is my career.
I write stories that are already in the air, and I think it's important to have the correct listening device to tune in to that frequency.
I hate to sound blase about it, but literary status is not important to me. Being happy is important to me.
When the great jazz and blues clubs closed - joints where the cash register rang loudly and there wasn't ESPN on TV over the bandstand, and people smoked cigarettes and drank whiskey and hollered 'Play on!' - When those places closed, I was pretty much done.
When we're talking about slavery... we're really talking about the web of relationships that exists between whites and blacks from 1619 to 1865 to now.
As a journalist, the details always tell the story.
If you can whistle the melody, then the song will stick. But if you need a bunch of machines to make it sound good, you're probably not writing anything that's going to last a long time.
I have cousins in North Carolina who talk in that old Southern style of 'yakking,' if you will. All the black men in my life when I was a boy talked that way, and I love that kind of talk.
I don't come from Lake Wobegon, and that world is not mine. It's not that funny to me. It's funny to other people, and I'm not judging it, but the world that I come from is not considered funny by other people as well. There's so much pain in it.
I put headlights in Ford vans. I still drive a Ford.
As a writer, you have to be near people and hear stuff. I'm a hamburger and cheese kind of fellow; I'm not Henry David Thoreau.
I split my time between a small town in New Jersey and New York City.
As far as making a living, if plumbing earned more, I'd probably do it. At least you can leave the job at home once the tools are put away. A writer works in his mind 24/7.
Every time I see something about the Wild West, I'm reminded that our version of history may not be what really happened.
When you're interviewing someone, even your mother - you have to sort of deal with you have to get some objective space from yourself and the person but you also have to find what's the best way to get the information from that person.
First person narrative is a very effective tool but you have to know as a writer how to make it work.
If you have the material it will form itself as a kind of connective tissue.
Writing for me is cutting out the fat and getting to the meaning.
People don't realize you're blowing over changes, time changes, harmony, different keys. I mark a point in my solo where it's got to peak at point D I go to A, B, C D then I'm home.
A band is not a democracy: It's show business.
Writing teaches writing.
I type most of my books for the first chapter or two - I use a manual typewriter for the first 50 pages or so - and then I move to the computer. It helps me keep the work lean so I don't end up spending 10 pages describing a leaf.
My main problem with fiction is that once my characters get moving, you just have to follow them along and get out of the way of the story, but sometimes they pull me in too many directions, and I need to focus.
Most of my work is done when everyone else is asleep.
I go through periods listening to specific types of music. Because I'm a musician, listening to music is... it's a bit like work for me. A little bit.
I grew up in a house with a lot of kids, brothers and sisters. So I don't mind a lot of talking, yelling, playing. I can tune most of that out.
I don't want to read a book that's depressing.
Historical novels are hard to do for the general public for commercial writers like myself.
You can't live for literature. You can't live for the job.
I don't live for my work. My life is my life. That's more important, and I think that helps my work.
All of us want to be Superman when we grow up, fighting for truth and justice. That's part of what drives me as a writer.
I'm trying to get Americans to see that we're all pretty much the same. I believe it; I was taught God doesn't have a color. I want to better the planet a little bit.
You have to be able to toss the thing out. You can't fall in love with your characters, and you have to know when to fight - and when to quit.
Spike Lee listens a lot. He's one of the quietest creative people I've ever met.
Everybody knew James Brown. Every musician dreamed of being in his band.
I cannot recall any moment of clarity about becoming a writer. I always liked to read. That's what did it.
We're learning a tremendous amount of propaganda from television and the Internet.
Atticus Finch is, you know, he was just his whole - the business of his modesty and his ability to see tomorrow and to try to buttress his knowledge of what was coming for his kids was something that I'll never - as a father I'm not able to do.
My wife and kids like the quiet and the countryside - I still find that kind of quiet hard to listen to.
The starting point of all great jazz has got to be format, a language that you can work within that, in some ways, is much tighter than the blues or even gospel. It's all working towards the same destination - the difference being that Miles Davis flew there, and I'm still taking the subway.
I like stories where normal people are in abnormal situations, and that's what appeals to me about history.
James Brown's life was really a metaphor for our inability to talk about matters like race and class in America.
Being a best-selling author doesn't make you a millionaire. It's not like Stephen King.
Some writers like to go around talking about what they do all the time. I don't.
I don't like living around too many fancy-pantsy folks. That ain't my thing. I'm not into phony people.
Fiction makes your dreams come true, and, as a writer, fiction allows you to delve into the area of miracles.
A daily dose of Nietzsche goes a long way.
I used to walk through the Old Times Square fearing for my life. Now I wouldn't be caught dead there.
I think heroes who are not flawed are not believable.
The whole notion of owning a person is so ludicrous, there's plenty of room to make fun.
I wasn't a guy built to write about entertainment.
I just love music, and I love what music does for people.
When I was younger, I was ambitious. Now I'm not ambitious anymore. I just want to be happy. Does that make sense?
My goal is to be able to fill out one of those forms that asks 'Who are you?' and be able to just put 'Human being,' you know?
Essentially, I'm a storyteller, and I make my living by telling stories, be they music or nonfiction or fiction.
A lot of people are not interested in stories in which they don't see themselves.
It would be nice if we redefined what we meant by 'war story.' If you're making $15,000 a year living in a certain area of Portland, trying to make it with three kids and no husband, that's a kind of war.
The James Brown story is not about James Brown. It's about who's getting paid, whose interest is involved, who can squeeze the estate and black history for more.
Historians will tell you that they deal with fact and empirical evidence. But that doesn't really help me understand a person.
Anyone can write your own life story.
A typewriter forces you to keep going, to march forward.
I'm not one of those deeper, ethereal writers. I'm just trying to get it done.
I'm hot on the Jewish book club circuit. How many black authors do you know who can say that?
The media's image of us is as animals, and we were never that to me. I knew love from black folks.
I don't do any art to please any people.
My mother tried her best to give us a sense of self-esteem.
When you glorify violence, then it comes back to bite you.
There is a lot wrong with the church.
When I was coming up, a lot of serious jazz players couldn't stand funk.
A lot of mixed-race stories are these navel-gazing, horrible accounts of mulatto tragedy.
I think what makes his story unique from others is there is not really one piece of American pop music you hear today that does not have some James Brown in it.
When you study history in American schools, very rarely is the name John Brown mentioned. We know who Kanye West is or Twyla Tharp or Shania Twain.
We don't know who John Brown was, and in many ways, his work shaped where we are today. He was a Pennsylvanian. He was the prototypical Yankee who fought back and suffered in doing so.
I was in a special class in high school for truants. They made us stay together all day. Once a week, they would send us to a guidance counselor. He would sit me in his office and he would try to talk to me.
Caring is beyond race. Either people care about you, or they don't.
If I grew up in a truly color-blind society, I would not be a black American.
When my mother left home, her family sat shivah for her, more because my father was not Jewish than because he was black.
My father died in 1957, just before I was born. My mother went to her Jewish aunt, who slammed the door in her face.
We would not have been a successful family without my father and stepfather, who were working-class men with better dreams for their children. We just wore them out.
I understand it's great to read a great book, but it's better to live your life. It just helps me. It's uncomfortable at times, but you have to live outside the circle.
I think only now am I at the age where I've forgiven the past enough to say, 'You know what? Slavery was there. Let's talk about it in ways that will help us face tomorrow.
