British,Writer
There is nothing like staying at home for real comfort.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
My idea of good company is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves; vanity, to what we would have others think of us.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.
Give a girl an education and introduce her properly into the world, and ten to one but she has the means of settling well, without further expense to anybody.
We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be.
If things are going untowardly one month, they are sure to mend the next.
To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
Selfishness must always be forgiven you know, because there is no hope of a cure.
If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.
What is right to be done cannot be done too soon.
There is safety in reserve, but no attraction. One cannot love a reserved person.
Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised, or a little mistaken.
A single woman with a very narrow income must be a ridiculous, disagreeable old maid - the proper sport of boys and girls; but a single woman of good fortune is always respectable, and may be as sensible and pleasant as anybody else.
Every man is surrounded by a neighborhood of voluntary spies.
Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings.
The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
One half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other.
It is very difficult for the prosperous to be humble.
Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure.
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.
No man is offended by another man's admiration of the woman he loves; it is the woman only who can make it a torment.
There is something so amiable in the prejudices of a young mind, that one is sorry to see them give way to the reception of more general opinions.
Single women have a dreadful propensity for being poor. Which is one very strong argument in favor of matrimony.
Where an opinion is general, it is usually correct.
I cannot speak well enough to be unintelligible.
My sore throats are always worse than anyone's.
I have been a selfish being all my life, in practice, though not in principle.
Next to being married, a girl likes to be crossed in love a little now and then.
Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter.
An artist cannot do anything slovenly.
Respect for right conduct is felt by every body.
Good-humoured, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women. They are two distinct orders of being.
Is not general incivility the very essence of love?
Every savage can dance.
Surprises are foolish things. The pleasure is not enhanced, and the inconvenience is often considerable.
What wild imaginations one forms where dear self is concerned! How sure to be mistaken!
In nine cases out of ten, a woman had better show more affection than she feels.
Nobody minds having what is too good for them.
Oh! do not attack me with your watch. A watch is always too fast or too slow. I cannot be dictated to by a watch.
Husbands and wives generally understand when opposition will be vain.
For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbors and laugh at them in our turn?
The power of doing anything with quickness is always prized much by the possessor, and often without any attention to the imperfection of the performance.
One cannot be always laughing at a man without now and then stumbling on something witty.
One does not love a place the less for having suffered in it, unless it has been all suffering, nothing but suffering.
There is not one in a hundred of either sex who is not taken in when they marry.
General benevolence, but not general friendship, made a man what he ought to be.
I am afraid that the pleasantness of an employment does not always evince its propriety.
One man's ways may be as good as another's, but we all like our own best.
Nobody, who has not been in the interior of a family, can say what the difficulties of any individual of that family may be.
Dress is at all times a frivolous distinction, and excessive solicitude about it often destroys its own aim.
From politics, it was an easy step to silence.
Human nature is so well disposed towards those who are in interesting situations, that a young person, who either marries or dies, is sure of being kindly spoken of.
There are certainly not so many men of large fortune in the world, as there are pretty women to deserve them.
To look almost pretty is an acquisition of higher delight to a girl who has been looking plain for the first fifteen years of her life than a beauty from her cradle can ever receive.
One man's style must not be the rule of another's.
I would have everybody marry if they can do it properly: I do not like to have people throw themselves away; but everybody should marry as soon as they can do it to advantage.
A man would always wish to give a woman a better home than the one he takes her from; and he who can do it, where there is no doubt of her regard, must, I think, be the happiest of mortals.
I could not sit down to write a serious romance under any other motive than to save my life.
