American,Writer
I miss the newness of Magic Eye posters, which really are amazing.
The Golden Rule will always be good advice!
When you're being bullied, it can feel like no one cares, and I'm so excited to tell the teens at the schools I visit that I wouldn't be there if their school didn't care.
I've always loved brainstorming with other writers, and I consider having my work critiqued a part of that brainstorming.
When you write a book for publication, you're writing it for other people to read.
I miss video games where the jump-kick was the trickiest combo to master.
Teens in the '90s had the same basic desires as they do now.
Actually, I love trying to figure out why certain books become hits while others, which may be just as good, have trouble finding an audience.
See, I'm not a very good musician.
As a writer, my only responsibility is to tell a compelling story.
I knew that part of the problem with sensitive issues is that, because they're uncomfortable to address, we have a hard time doing so honestly, if at all.
Usually, when somebody really hates your book, they're not going to waste time on it, telling you what you need to work on.
It's funny: when I go to a school and speak, and when they hear the back story about me, they want to go read the book.
The main character in the book is usually someone you're identifying with because the story is being told through this person's mind.
'Fifty Shades' opened the door and made it easier to write about any issue that's controversial. It has helped other authors talk honestly.
If we know it's happening, and we're not having the discussion, we're contributing to the problem of making it seem like people can't open up.
I don't know anything about bullying in Huntington Beach specifically, but I would assume it's very similar to other places.
One of the things I found is that no matter where in the country - poor communities, rich communities - everybody deals with very similar issues of bullying. It's pretty widespread.
There's this stress that is relieved when you realize somebody understands, and that's only going to happen if you feel the person who's writing the book or the people in the TV show aren't holding back.
It seems like whenever a big newspaper or TV show talks about teen literature, they focus on dark books or vampire books. It's kind of this cliche. It seems like the only time adults pay attention is with that angle.
When me and my author friends who write about other difficult subject matter... when you hear from teens daily saying, 'Your book helped me or made me understand a friend better, what somebody else is going through,' you see the positive things.
My friends and I did one of those 'Who's Hot and Who's Not' lists. Every school has those, and now they are online, which makes it even worse. It was one of those moments that I look back on a lot, and think that was horrible.
Novels are a safe way to talk about things.
It's important to make teens realize the influence they have over others.
Of course I always like going to bookstores, but at stores, you're mostly meeting kids who are already into reading.
I really love visiting schools - in fact, that's my favorite part of being an author now - even though I still get stage fright! When I visit schools, I know I'm going to be talking to some kids who don't like to read.
