Spanish,Writer
Pride in a man is confused with dignity; in a woman, with self-love.
There are no good or bad habits. All habits are, by definition, bad.
Happiness is always a coincidence.
The quality of a man's mind can generally be judged by the size of his wastepaper basket.
To be ready to fail is to be prepared for success.
Theology is the logic of the Devil.
To light one candle to God and another to the Devil is the principle of wisdom.
True solidarity is only possible among the solitary.
To sin offers repentance and forgiveness; not to sin offers only punishment.
To be thirsty and to drink water is the perfection of sensuality rarely achieved. Sometimes you drink water; other times you are thirsty.
A belief which leaves no place for doubt is not a belief; it is a superstition.
Do we have to talk in order to agree or agree in order to talk?
Try not to turn your life into a race, least of all an obstacle race.
Sensuality without love is a sin; love without sensuality is worse than a sin.
The novel is born of disillusionment; the poem, of despair.
True art tries not to attract attention in order to be noticed.
The man who gets drunk in peacetime is a coward. The man who gets drunk in wartime goes on being a coward.
Effort and result are never simultaneous. In art, only the result counts.
In French literature, you can choose a la carte; in Spanish literature, there is only the set meal.
When there is nothing to fear is the time to begin fearing everything.
Who learns most from a good book is the author.
A piece of advice always contains an implicit threat, just as a threat always contains an implicit piece of advice.
A woman who does not become the slave of just one man becomes the slave of all men.
The man who spends all his time looking up to heaven is not always the best; in fact, he is usually the worst.
You can hesitate before deciding, but not once the decision is made.
You can say the opposite of something you've said but you can't do the opposite of something you've done.
