Austrian,Writer
Corruption is worse than prostitution. The latter might endanger the morals of an individual, the former invariably endangers the morals of the entire country.
Feminine passion is to masculine as an epic is to an epigram.
Sex education is legitimate in that girls cannot be taught soon enough how children don't come into the world.
Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself as therapy.
Democracy divides people into workers and loafers. It makes no provision for those who have no time to work.
Jealousy is a dog's bark which attracts thieves.
Matrimony is the union of meanness and martyrdom.
Experiences are savings which a miser puts aside. Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust.
Language is the mother of thought, not its handmaiden.
Virginity is the ideal of those who want to deflower.
Science is spectral analysis. Art is light synthesis.
It is better not to express what one means than to express what one does not mean.
A woman who cannot be ugly is not beautiful.
Solitude would be ideal if you could pick the people to avoid.
You'd be surprised how hard it can often be to translate an action into an idea.
An idea's birth is legitimate if one has the feeling that one is catching oneself plagiarizing oneself.
There are people who can never forgive a beggar for their not having given him anything.
He who does without the praise of the crowd will not deny himself an opportunity to be his own adherent.
Stupidity is an elemental force for which no earthquake is a match.
Education is a crutch with which the foolish attack the wise to prove that they are not idiots.
Journalists write because they have nothing to say, and have something to say because they write.
Education is what most receive, many pass on, and few possess.
I had a terrible vision: I saw an encyclopedia walk up to a polymath and open him up.
How is the world ruled and led to war? Diplomats lie to journalists and believe these lies when they see them in print.
My unconscious knows more about the consciousness of the psychologist than his consciousness knows about my unconscious.
A child learns to discard his ideals, whereas a grown-up never wears out his short pants.
I don't like to meddle in my private affairs.
A fine world in which man reproaches woman with fulfilling his heart's desire!
