American,Writer
I am a nerd among nerds.
For hard resets, conventions and conferences can be inspiring.
If you can remove a female character from your plot and replace her with a sexy lamp and your story still works, you're a hack.
I hate when I get asked, 'What's it like to be a woman in comics?'
The notion that somehow women are wildly different infuriates me.
Being a woman in a male-dominated industry sort of sucks, but it doesn't suck any more than being a woman in the world. My advice? Be terrifying.
If you have a smartphone - and you have a smartphone - then you have a comic book store in your pocket. So you don't have to get over any social anxiety you have about entering that space.
I think women have every right to feel like they're the protagonists in their own stories.
I like my heroes to be imperfect; I like them to be striving. I identify with that kind of aspiration to do better.
Girls have always read comics. There's nothing intrinsically masculine about telling stories with pictures.
There's nothing less funny than trying to force funny.
I'm not particularly good at page layouts. I make an effort to stay out of the way of the artist. What I'll try to express instead is, 'What we're going for here on this page is the idea of the containment of these women's bodies. So I want them framed as though they're bursting out of the panel borders.'
Anybody who's read 'Pretty Deadly' knows that I tend to savor an immersive, 'You'll figure it out as you go!' style. 'Pretty Deadly' really does not hold your hand.
'Pretty Deadly' is the story of these immortal and mortal characters, and the mortals' story follows Sarah's family, a black family, through the ages. I never made the choice of, 'Oh, this is gonna be the story of an African American family!'
If there was any creature in American culture more derided than the young girl... I know people will argue with me about that, but everything girls are into gets ridiculed. I have a lot of compassion in my heart for girls in their teens and twenties who are going through this particular passage, because I get it. It makes sense!
I need to go where I'm not comfortable. I think that's the artist's job.
Complicated feelings are fertile soil for creative ideas.
My son is such a lover, such a caretaker and so funny. He's seven, and he genuinely cracks me up. And my daughter is a fearless powerhouse. They fill me with wonder and admiration.
Going into the second arc, I'm making a conscious effort to do something I say I never do, which is to change my style because of feedback. I'm trying to make 'Pretty Deadly' more accessible by being more clear in the writing.
I tend to choose collaborators who are more courageous than I am. I think it's good for me.
I think I'm very strong at dialogue, I think I'm very strong in characterization. I think sometimes I use dialogue and character work to cover weaknesses in my plotting.
One of the things about comics is people can linger on images and words as long as they want.
I think women are vital to the future of the superhero comics and the entire industry - as creators, as editors, as consumers, as retailers.
Yes, the Bechdel Test. It's named for Allison Bechdel, who is a comic book creator. The test is, are there two named women in the film? Do they talk to each other? And is it about something other than a man? I actually think the Bechdel Test is a little advanced for us sometimes.
I want young women to see my name on 'Avengers Assembled' and to know that there are women who write mainstream superhero comics, and if it is something that interests them, it can be done.
If you want to, if you are a crazy person, you could go from idea to the stands in about four months. It does not cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to make a comic the way it does to make a television show or a movie.
