American,Writer
If you're a liberal, anything you say is protected. If you're a conservative, anything you say is hateful.
When you're the victim of the behavior, it's black and white; when you're the perpetrator, there are a million shades of gray.
Don't worry so much about your self-esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward.
My life is what a salmon must feel like. They are always going upstream, against the current.
I want to be able to say what's on my mind and in my heart and what I think is helpful and useful without somebody getting angry, some special interest group deciding this is the time to silence a voice of dissent and attack affiliates, attack sponsors. I'm sort of done with that.
Well, I'm a Harley Babe.
I climb mountains.
Children are not a right, they are a privileged obligation.
I'm kind of a jock. I sail, I ride a bike, I hike, I pump iron. I just love to be active.
We all get self-centered.
I love revenge.
When you live in a condo complex with people next door, I don't know how you can be dead for four months without anybody noticing you not coming and going.
It is typical of women to fester and ferment over disappointments, slights, annoyances, angers, etc.
Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship.
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.
I've made the decision not to do radio anymore.
A typical complaint of married women with children is that their job stress tired them out so that they have little quality emotion and energy left for their children, much less their husbands.
The feeling of your baby taking nourishment from your body for the first time is amazing, and it remains the most touching moment of my life.
Kids who don't have moms suffer a lifetime.
People from the most horrendous of childhoods can have good lives, but it comes down to a very seemingly simple word. 'Choice.'
If you're that hypersensitive about color and don't have a sense of humor, don't marry out of your race.
It's humbling and enthralling to know your legacy when you're alive.
Psychology doesn't like to talk about evil. It likes to talk about bad childhoods. But I very much believe that some people are evil and motivation is not necessary for evil.
This is all you have. This is not a dry run. This is your life. If you want to fritter it away with your fears, then you will fritter it away, but you won't get it back later.
On the Day of Atonement, Jews are commanded to seek forgiveness from the people we have hurt.
I want to regain my First Amendment rights.
I'm involved in so many different things, and there are so many profound reactions to what I do because I am big counter culture.
There are probably more internet hate sites about me than Charles Manson.
Gay activists claim that because I don't subscribe to their political agenda, I am a homophobe, meaning I have a mental disorder - because that is what phobias are.
There are so many ways to talk with the people who appreciate my help.
I've got a full life.
I really am a woman at peace.
I'm kind of an antsy person.
Guys are very simple.
I talk every day about doing the right thing.
It amazes me that talking about traditional values is controversial, but it seems to be.
