French,Writer
Innocence in genius, and candor in power, are both noble qualities.
The more I see of men the more I like dogs.
Politeness is the art of choosing among your thoughts.
We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us.
One must choose in life between boredom and suffering.
Wit consists in knowing the resemblance of things that differ, and the difference of things that are alike.
Love is the whole history of a woman's life, it is but an episode in a man's.
The human mind always makes progress, but it is a progress in spirals.
Search for the truth is the noblest occupation of man; its publication is a duty.
The desire of the man is for the woman, but the desire of the woman is for the desire of the man.
Genius is essentially creative; it bears the stamp of the individual who possesses it.
To be totally understanding makes one very indulgent.
The mystery of existence is the connection between our faults and our misfortunes.
The voice of conscience is so delicate that it is easy to stifle it; but it is also so clear that it is impossible to mistake it.
A religious life is a struggle and not a hymn.
The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action.
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
Prayer is more than meditation. In meditation, the source of strength is one's self. When one prays, he goes to a source of strength greater than his own.
When a noble life has prepared for old age, it is not decline that it reveals, but the first days of immortality.
The sense of this word among the Greeks affords the noblest definition of it; enthusiasm signifies God in us.
A man must know how to fly in the face of opinion; a woman to submit to it.
Sow good services: sweet remembrances will grow from them.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
That past which is so presumptuously brought forward as a precedent for the present, was itself founded on some past that went before it.
Speech happens to not be his language.
Men err from selfishness; women because they are weak.
