American,Writer
Doc Savage, Indiana Jones, Flash Gordon... these were the kinds of characters I was thinking about as I was developing Jonas Quantum because there aren't that many brand new characters being introduced anymore.
With 'The Flash' in existence, there's no real compelling reason for us to do superpowers on 'Arrow.'
Time management is really key for me.
The term 'Consulting Producer' is extraordinarily nebulous in TV, and it really means something different depending on the show and the specific circumstances negotiated.
That's one of the perks of my job, is getting to see what the Internet does.
The one thing that's always very safe to say with 'Arrow' is never make assumptions.
As always, we start off with asking, 'What's a good episode?' We don't think about timing, and we don't think about logistics. We just think about what would be good.
Whenever you can manoeuvre your characters into a situation where they both have a good argument to make, you're on the right track.
One of the great things about the 'Arrow' crew is that no one is settling for what they did yesterday. They're always thinking about what they can do tomorrow.
In DC Comics, Blue Devil is a superhero who came out of a movie.
I'm not much of a salesman. I prefer the soft sell and the honest approach.
I happen to like dark, and I like the fact that 'Arrow' is a pretty dark show, particularly for a network show.
The nice thing about 'Arrow' is we never say never on the show. Hopefully the show will have a nice long life, and all manner of things can potentially happen.
There's a lot of downtime where you're filling your car up with gas, you're driving to work, you're stuck in traffic - it's Los Angeles, and so much of it is a car lifestyle.
I came up professionally as a lawyer, and when you're a lawyer, writing a 50-page brief in one night is just another day at the office. You learn to make choices really quickly, and you learn how to get thoughts down very quickly.
The first half of my TV career, I didn't do any genre at all.
It's always really hard to kill off someone who you just really enjoy working with, writing for, and seeing on the screen.
On 'Arrow,' we have Ray Palmer and Roy Harper, and if you call Roy 'Ray' and Ray 'Roy,' you have to put money into the jar.
We're not militant, but there are certain things that are absolutely secret. There was a pilot printed on red paper, and I read everything on my iPad and have a scanner on my desk for these purposes. I scanned in the script, and red paper script scans in perfectly fine.
With comics, there's no budget. There's a budget in terms of you have to pay an artist and a colorist and all that, but you can do anything you want to do.
All of the stuff I can't afford to do on a TV budget, I just put into the comic book because you're really only limited in a comic by your artist's imagination.
As always, things happen sooner rather than later on 'Arrow.'
Imagine if Steve Jobs or Thomas Edison or Albert Einstein were all alive 10, 20, 30 years before we know them to be alive; it would have advanced the world that much sooner.
Obviously, I love superheroes; I love comic book characters, but I... I guess I've had a lifelong affection for comics, and while I love the characters so much, I also love the medium.
In the writers' room, when we talk about each episode, we first talk about the character journey of the episode.
I'm a huge fan of 'The Six Million Dollar Man' and I love the episodes where they would cross over with 'The Bionic Woman.'
