Irish,Writer
Some think love can be measured by the amount of butterflies in their tummy. Others think love can be measured in bunches of flowers, or by using the words 'for ever.' But love can only truly be measured by actions. It can be a small thing, such as peeling an orange for a person you love because you know they don't like doing it.
Baking makes me focus. On weighing the sugar. On sieving the flour. I find it calming and rewarding because, in fairness, it is sort of magic - you start off with all this disparate stuff, such as butter and eggs, and what you end up with is so totally different. And also delicious.
I've been so showered in life, beyond my wildest dreams, such as having a loving partner I never thought I'd have.
I'd rather dig a ditch than go to a dinner party with people I don't know.
There's no doubt that relationships do suffer when circumstances change profoundly.
Love and kindness go hand in hand.
My mother is the best storyteller. And her mother was too.
I've always been melancholic. At a party, everyone would be looking at the glittering chandeliers and I'd be looking at the waitress's cracked shoes.
I'm not looking for pity, I'm really not, but I'm constantly uneasy and every day it is pretty much like getting up and going to war. Once I shift into the mindset of 'Yeah, you're alive. It's tough. Let's do what we can today,' it's easier.
I've kind of realised life is meant to be tough and everybody is in psychic and spiritual discomfort of some sort and has a burden to carry. I've realised I'm not special.
I think reviewers are sexist... This isn't to sound bitter, but I think you're more likely to get a critical kicking if you're a woman. I just think that's a fact. I really think less value is put in general on women's voices, across the board.
When I first met my husband, he had a very good job - company car, pension plan, grudging respect from his staff - the lot. I, on the other hand, was badly paid and devoid of ambition. Then I had a couple of books published and confounded all expectations by starting to earn more than he did.
Regardless of the gender of the highest wage earner, the balance of power in the relationship will suffer if the higher earner uses control of the purse strings as a system of reward and punishment. It will also suffer if the lower earner takes a chippy, haughty attitude to spending money they haven't actually generated themselves.
People promise to stick with their spouse 'for richer or poorer' but it's the 'for poorer' part that causes the worry. The big shock is that the 'for richer' bit can also cause problems.
For feel-good fiction to work, there has to be an element of darkness.
Optimism can be relearnt.
I still get awful depression. It's who I am.
I went grey at 12, my eyesight went at 17. I've been a crock from very early on.
I like hoodies. They just make me feel safe.
At 30 I thought my life was over. I thought I'd have made something of myself by then, that life would somehow have made the necessary arrangements - but actually I had nothing.
Do I mind being called a chick-lit writer? Well, it's not the worst thing that could happen.
I'm quite introverted but I'm not shy.
I used to write in bed, starting when I woke up. I believe that creative work comes from our subconscious mind, so I try to keep the gap between sleep and writing as minimal as possible.
Every day I wake up afraid that I won't be able to write, that today is the day it has left me.
I'm proud of what I write and feel endorsed by my readers.
My truth is that what doesn't kill you makes you weaker rather than stronger, although it makes you wiser.
