English,Writer
How can you be content to be in the world like tulips in a garden, to make a fine show, and be good for nothing.
Truth is strong, and sometime or other will prevail.
None of God's Creatures absolutely consider'd are in their own Nature Contemptible; the meanest Fly, the poorest Insect has its Use and Vertue.
The Span of Life is too short to be trifled away in unconcerning and unprofitable Matters.
Ignorance and a narrow education lay the foundation of vice, and imitation and custom rear it up.
'Tis very great pity that they who are so apt to over-rate themselves in smaller matters, shou'd, where it most concerns them to know, and stand upon their Value, be so insensible of their own worth.
God is His own Design and End, and that there is no other Worthy of Him.
We must Think what we Say, and Mean what we Profess.
If all men are born free, how is it that all women are born slaves?
Every one knows, that the mind will not be kept from contemplating what it loves in the midst of crowds and business. Hence come those frequent absences, so observable in conversation; for whilst the body is confined to present company, the mind is flown to that which it delights in.
Marry for Love, an Heroick Action, which makes a mighty noise in the World, partly because of its rarity, and partly in regard of its extravagancy.
The design of Rhetoric is to remove those Prejudices that lie in the way of Truth, to Reduce the Passions to the Government of Reasons; to place our Subject in a Right Light, and excite our Hearers to a due consideration of it.
Women are not so well united as to form an Insurrection. They are for the most part wise enough to love their Chains, and to discern how becomingly they fit.
Although it has been said by men of more wit than wisdom, and perhaps more malice than either, that women are naturally incapable of acting prudently, or that they are necessarily determined to folly, I must by no means grant it.
But, alas! what poor Woman is ever taught that she should have a higher Design than to get her a Husband?
Certain I am, that Christian Religion does no where allow Rebellion.
Every Body has so good an Opinion of their own Understanding as to think their own way the best.
For certainly there cannot be a higher pleasure than to think that we love and are beloved by the most amiable and best Being.
He who will be just, must be forc'd to acknowledge, that neither Sex are always in the right.
Hitherto I have courted Truth with a kind of Romantick Passion, in spite of all Difficulties and Discouragements: for knowledge is thought so unnecessary an Accomplishment for a Woman, that few will give themselves the Trouble to assist us in the Attainment of it.
How can a Man respect his Wife when he has a contemptible Opinion of her and her Sex?
If a Woman can neither Love nor Honour, she does ill in promising to Obey.
If God had not intended that Women shou'd use their Reason, He wou'd not have given them any, 'for He does nothing in vain.'
If none were to Marry, but Men of strict Vertue and Honour, I doubt the World would be but thinly peopled.
It is not the Head but the Heart that is the Seat of Atheism.
None of us whether Men or Women but have so good an Opinion of our own Conduct as to believe we are fit, if not to direct others, at least to govern our selves.
