Writer
A flower doesn't love you or hate you, it just exists.
There are life lessons that can be derived from reality television.
There's a victory in letting go of your expectations.
My whole life I've been a seeker, searching for something.
I can be really annoying, but I also feel like I'm a nice person.
From my experience, meditating can bring up the most stressful thoughts.
I think there are certain ways that people are always themselves, but I do think people change.
You want to work with people who you like and have an easy rapport with.
Sometimes when you write something on the page, it can seem very funny, but when you act it out - and this happens to me a lot, actually - the melancholy of the situation becomes more front and center.
I used to go online all the time, and then I had to stop myself... because I'm a writer, and it's like: to have a procrastination tool, like, within my computer... it was just getting too hairy.
I'm attracted to polarizing characters who upend the civility of life.
The purpose of making people feel uncomfortable is to play with their preconceptions.
You watch stuff like 'The Real Housewives' and you start to think, 'We're all so vacuous! Is there any nobility to any of these people?' But then you look out into the world, and there are people who are doing cool stuff with their lives.
Most of the shows I've worked on have aired three times and are in the dustbin of history.
It's fun as a creator to make something that allows multiple interpretations.
Production for movies or TV is very painstaking and slow.
I just think there are certain men who feel like engaging in a story told from a female point of view is somehow a feminizing experience. And that itself is something that they're almost supposed to not want to engage.
There's something very touching to me about someone almost communicating to themselves in some way - trying to come to some deeper understanding of yourself and having compassion for yourself.
I feel like I know how to write plot.
I don't feel the breath of a thousand people over my shoulder.
If I have a male protagonist, it's a studio movie, and if it's a female protagonist, it's an indie movie. That's just how it is. It's not about the studios. It's about America and who goes to see movies. Women are interested in men and women, and men aren't interested in the woman's story. They just aren't.
I have had moments where I've had mental-health issues and I've felt like yoga and meditating and reading these Buddhist self-help books actually really help.
My impulse is to create an aesthetic that's about a humanistic approach to a world and trying to create compassion for all the characters.
I want to have compassion for my characters - I feel like I am the characters when I'm writing them.
People sometimes seem surprised because often, you know, you know, there's a lot of tortured characters in the stuff I write.
I remember I grew up in Pasadena in a very, kind of, homogeneous, kind of, suburban existence and then I went to college at Wesleyan University in Connecticut. And there were all these, kind of, hipster New York kids who were so-called 'cultured' and had so much, you know, like knew all the references and, like, already had their look down.
You feel a little weird, as a writer of scripted television for many years, to say you're a fan of reality TV. You feel like a traitor. But I am a total fan.
To be perfectly honest, I'm competitive.
I'm not looking to be the King of Comedy, or the King of Hollywood. I just want to be able to keep making stuff that I'm into and have the opportunity to challenge myself with, wearing different hats.
I do idiosyncratic dramedies.
As a director or writer, you have to be so controlling.
Yeah, it's disturbing when someone has no self-awareness.
I think I'm more of an absurdist than a satirist. I think I'm more of a - humanist? I hate to say it!
I started out writing when I was young; stuff about exposing the truth about how people are not what they appear, about how they are much more dysfunctional than they seem. Pulling back the curtain - that felt smart. But as I got older, exposing how frail people can be seems less and less deep.
