American,Writer
True love does not only encompass the things that make you feel good, it also holds you to a standard of accountability.
Regret is not a proactive feeling. It is situated in disappointment, sorrow, even remorse. It merely wishes things were different without an act to cause a difference. However, repentance is different. Repentance is an admission of, hatred of, and turning away from sin before God.
Through prayer, fasting, and studying, God will answer.
A 'real pastor' is not preaching of their own; they are speaking what God put in their heart by the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is using them at that very moment to speak to the congregations situations -past, present, and future.
God is so unique in giving His people ways to fellowship, witness, and remember what a mighty and merciful God He is.
Christmas is a Christian holiday, and any self-respecting person of another religion should not celebrate a holiday that they don't believe in. Clearly, Christ is in the name of the holiday, so there should be a belief in Him.
Some churches make intercessory prayer part of their weekly schedule. If that's not the case at your church, find another person in the faith to intercede with or go before God on your own.
We have all been guilty of complaining, but God does not look at it as lightly as we may think. Complaining was the reason the Jews ended up wandering in the desert for forty years. If we were more grateful for what God has done for us, abasing ourselves would not be a problem.
As a child of God, our whole reason for existing is to give God praise. What a testimony to give in a difficult situation.
Many of our choices have led to the predicaments we are presently complaining about.
When you are submitted and committed to the Lord, you will look forward to Jesus coming back, and not even an earthquake or Hurricane Irene will be able to shake you from the love of Christ.
The word of God is very important to Christmas. For unto us a child was born, and we should be reminded of how Christ's amazing journey came to be.
Voting is a right that has been given to every American; however, as Christ followers, our votes should reflect our God.
Learning from the past helps to ensure that mistakes are not repeated.
God has given His children a love that is so great in Christ that the world can't touch it with chocolates, roses, or diamonds.
If you are not living unto Christ, you are not dying unto Him, either.
'Doing your own thing' and being a Christian is an oxymoron. As Christians, every day we need to be presenting ourselves before the Lord, thanking Him for His mercy and asking Him to make us more like Him by emptying us of our will, so God's will can be done.
Pray for someone else's child, your pastor, the military, the police officers, the firemen, the teachers, the government. There's no end to the ways that you can intervene on behalf of others through prayer.
God is looking for clean hands and a pure heart.
We live unto Him, so committing our service to the Lord is the first and foremost priority of our lives. We can start with our reasonable service: prayer, studying, fasting, tithing, fellowshipping, and witnessing.
There is a lot to celebrate about that little Babe who was laid in a manger. Christians celebrate Christmas because they are thankful for the promise of salvation, which was delivered in human flesh and named Jesus.
Giving is a really big thing around Christmas, as well it should be. Christmas is about giving, and it all stems from the greatest gift the world has ever received - the gift of Jesus Christ.
You recognize the truth because sometimes it's hard to swallow, but if you hold it in your mouth, refusing to eat it, you are going to choke.
Jesus sowed good seeds into the lives of the people He touched. His walk was humble, meek, giving, and forgiving, and He taught His disciples to be the same way.
It's disheartening to write goals from year to year, looking back only to see you are in the same place. You can make so many promises that you get sick of yourself, but what is it that God can't do?
Christians are not in bondage to do things as the world does, and moreover, the traditions and rudiments of men are not necessary to honor God.
God doesn't make things difficult for us. Do you want to know what the truth is? Look in the Bible, and you'll see that Jesus describes Himself not only as the truth, but the way and the life as well.
It is a common assumption that a person's good works will get them into Heaven.
There's a loss of autonomy that comes from not being able to own the wealth you've earned.
From politics to parenting, Christians have something to say.
The lusts of this world leads us to fulfill our carnal need to be accepted, but as children of God we are already accepted by a Heavenly Father who is over and above all things.
Falling is a hard thing to do whether you are a Christian or not, but when you are in Christ, it comes with a deep sadness for letting your Savior down.
When we have fallen and need to get back up again, we are able to do it in His strength walking in His Spirit. Cling to the Spirit of Christ Jesus - He will never fail.
Although, the flesh is weak, the Spirit of God is always willing, and He makes us able.
Can one truly be passionate about something if they are not committed to it?
Passion is best spent on God; so get committed.
Do you ever think about the fact that Jesus never said a mumbling word? You may have heard that phrase before, but how much have you ever thought about it?
Jesus went to the cross for sins He didn't commit. Hello! You can carry a grudge just thinking about that, but don't do it. He knew what He was doing. It was His choice, and He did it willingly. It was the will of the Father, and He always did the will of God without complaint. So what is it that we have to complain about?
Complaining is an insult to God.
Luck really has nothing to do with human existence, since God is not a random God.
Grace is a much more accurate word to use when dealing with the state of human existence. God gives us unmerited favor through Jesus Christ, and since Adam and Eve, our lives have depended on it.
It's funny how we 'do' Christmas. Christmas is not something that we do, it is something that was done. It celebrates the long awaited arrival of the Messiah, Jesus Christ. We had nothing to do with it, but what we can do is praise God for the coming of the Lord, who washed away the sins of the world by dying on the cross.
It's painfully obvious to see that as Americans we can sometimes be wrapped up in our own affairs.
We need to pray for our brethren around the world.
Heaven is a very distinct place, where only God's elect will go. It's the place where the only One who deserves any glory lives and reigns.
There's no way to get around the fact that Jesus is the only way to Heaven, and He is so good that He exchanged His place in Heaven to come suffer on a cross for humanity and rose to set us free from eternal life in Hell.
Jesus was humble when He walked this earth. He had all power, yet used all meekness.
Just the simple act of sharing wisdom is something that many parents have left to society to do; however, that is not what God teaches in His word.
Writers do draw inspiration from their own lives, which, quite frankly, might be more interesting than fiction.
There was a time, in the not so distant past, that if you didn't have what you needed on Thanksgiving, you were pretty much going to have to wait until Friday. Not anymore!
God is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and He is still loving on His people.
Persecutions are inevitable as a Christian. We are not greater than our Master, Jesus Christ, in whose Holy Spirit we gain strength to endure.
Forget the conspiracy theories! God gave us the right to vote, and He gave the United States, and all of its citizens, freedom through democracy.
With the right to vote, our choice should be for the Holy Spirit to lead us and guide us.
Not to be harsh, but why do we care so much about celebrity acceptance of Christian beliefs?
I realize that sometimes I get bothered when I see the world acting like the world. Did you hear what I said? The world is supposed to act like the world, and God tells us that every generation gets more wicked, so why the surprise? Maybe we have some word to swallow ourselves.
There is only one Jesus; we can't live a sinless life like He did.
There are some people who are always on the run, so much so that they find it hard to fit in the study of God's word.
The Bible refers to the Word as 'the sword of the Spirit.' What battles are you not winning if you are not equipped with your sword?
I often think about Christ having all power, but He abdicated the power to live a sacrificial life for His children. In His own words he told his disciples that His meat was to do the will of the Father.
Even though, there are many who describe themselves as Christian, most do not heed to God's word without subjectivity.
Real Christianity is based upon God's word given to us through the scriptures, and His word is final.
A nation that turns it back on Christ and God's words of truth will inevitably regret it.
Jesus' love for His children continues to be the greatest love story of all time.
During the holiday season, Christmas specifically, it can be hard to be away from family and friends.
I'm not going to tell you to meditate on what Christmas really means and be thankful.
Don't meditate on what you don't have, and remind yourself what you do have.
Give up pride for good during the holidays. This is where I've been especially stubborn. As I walk more and more in this path of Christianity, I see that letting my guard down and admitting that I don't want to be alone is far better than dealing with me, myself and I, who always seem to want to keep up appearances.
It's a shame that so many people are so intimidated and bothered by Tim Tebow's stance as a Christian. He's not bothering anybody. He's simply being who He is and giving all glory to His Lord.
Resolutions are a wonderful thing if we can keep them, but many resolutions go by the wayside because we have not done anything different with our mindset.
Just because we want something so bad does not mean that God wants it for us, too.
Ultimately, the soul will receive either judgment or mercy through Christ.
Jesus' sinless life was given as a gift to the world - the ultimate gift. Some would receive Him, and others wouldn't. Nonetheless, He continues to be our gift, and His life and death makes it possible for His children to receive eternal life with Him. That's a reason to give God glory.
We glorify God with all of our members, but in most cases, our mouths seem to get more opportunity. So it just goes without saying that we can dishonor Him with our mouths as well.
People tend to say Christians are always judging, but the word of God convicts Christians and urges them to obey God's commands.
Jesus is coming back for a church without a spot or a wrinkle. His righteous blood covers the spots and the wrinkles of those who believe unto righteousness, allowing once sinful men to be holy.
You don't see many people crying over the wrong they do to God every time His word is neglected or when one willfully sins.
We have all fallen short of the glory of God.
Singles have a purpose that is higher than any earthly relationship. Marriage is honorable, but so is being single.
Singles have goals, responsibilities, deadlines, events, and friends that occupy their time, as well they should. Nonetheless, before any goals are achieved, responsibilities are fulfilled, deadlines are met, events are attended or friends are visited, God's purpose should be accomplished.
A Christian's celebration of Christmas should be a lot different from that of nonbelievers.
Somehow many have fallen into the belief that being a Christian is supposed to be a cake-walk. It's not.
The words 'success' and 'single' do go together, especially in Christ.
God is being taken out of schools; children are not being raised in church learning the word; many parents are living lives unto themselves, exalting substance rather than Jesus Christ, and those looking for answers are going to church and finding the word is not being preached. There are consequences to these decisions.
Nobody says you have to be shackled to tradition.
As a Christian, we can't stand on the sidelines with no team jersey or team colors to show our allegiance to Christ.
It's an honor to stand for God, and if we want to know where we should be standing, the red letters in the Bible will never steer us wrong.
God can show you just what you need to give, even if you don't know exactly why you're giving it. That's why we should always seek God and prepare to give Him our very best.
No holiday, no job, no amount of money, not even my own security can mean more to me than my love for God.
Why do people get upset when Christians say there is only one way to Heaven? Shouldn't those who follow a particular religion believe its doctrine to be true?
The one and true God of the Bible does not share His glory with any man or anyone else. There is only room for one God.
No marketing plan is ever going to bring in one soul that was not ordained by the Lord to be saved in the first place.
God is using people to accomplish His work, of saving souls, but we have to remember that it is not us doing the work. It's God using our vessel.
Christians need a time and place to sanctify themselves. It's important to take the time, and early in the morning is a wonderful time to do it.
Make God first priority. He's worth it!
Parents are to be respected - it Is a commandment from God.
Use God's word to acknowledge what He did for you.
If we constantly give God the glory, then we don't have any glory to keep for ourselves.
Flesh will not stand in front of God, so all the decisions you make from your flesh will be paid for with your soul. Your flesh rejects the truth because it desires to do what it wants to do.
As you submit to God more and more, you will get accustomed to being nourished by the power of truth. He is so holy that He cannot lie. God reveals His truth to His people through the Holy Spirit.
No one is guaranteed their next moment, or their next breath; yet, humanity has a habit of thinking of its existence on the earth as eternal. Those who are rooted and grounded in Christ know that life is just a vapor.
God knows and sees all. His wisdom and knowledge far outweighs mankind, and whether or not people ever recognize it - He is the creator. He is the giver of life, and only He has the power to take it away. That's why its imperative to submit to Him.
Christ is the only way into Heaven. The world may say otherwise, but what they are really doing is making rules for someone else's house.
There is no need to be longwinded as a pastor, but there is a difference between being longwinded and preaching for a long time. Preachers should be conscious of time because God does everything in decency and order; nonetheless, God's word is not on the clock!
There has never been, and there will never be, another human who will be more successful than the humble Teacher, Jesus Christ.
Though monetary compensation may never add up, teachers can rest assured that they are important.
Those who care, teach. Those who love, teach. Those who can, teach.
Can a secular artist be used as a vessel to bring souls to Christ? Of course... this is God we are talking about!
The word of God is complete, and those who don't preach the word in its fullness are false teachers.
Christians are to love their neighbors as we love ourselves.
We are to yield to the authority God has in place, and look to Him to find out what He would have us to do about those things that are concerning to us.
A Christian's example is always Jesus.
Undoubtedly, the most important thing to remember is your time is not your own. Yes, we live in a time when people believe that you can and you should do exactly what you want, but all time belongs to God. So make sure your time is first dedicated to getting His work accomplished.
Whether you like it or not, when you claim to be a Christian, the world takes note.
Jesus is not only the Son of God, but He is God Himself. Having all power in His hands, He laid down His life for people who deserved God's justice, not His mercy.
We will never accomplish what God wants for our lives unless we stop making excuses for ourselves and pampering our flesh. When we get into seemingly impossible situations, we have to remember - it's not about us.
Make intercessory prayer a priority in your life and the life of your family. It will cause you to be more empathetic, less self-obsessed, and increasingly more like Christ.
A Christian without a God who hears them? That's not a place that one who truly serves Christ wants to find themselves.
Christians cannot be so joined to this world that they forget who they serve.
It is obvious that God is looking at the heart when sacrifices are given to Him. He takes no delight in those who give up things for Lent and then act like it's such a struggle to perform what they said they wanted to do for Him.
When you get a hankering to talk or complain about what you gave up for Lent, replace that hankering by speaking the word of God. For all the times you would have done the activity that you gave up for Lent, replace it by reading the word of God. Christians should always be drawing closer to God.
Make it a point to choose the right backer, make your investments wisely, and do the work of the Lord which guarantees exceeding and abundant eternal benefits.
Young people are not immune to following God's commands concerning discipline.
Christians are commanded to pray in the name of Jesus. It is not a practice reserved just for personal prayers, or prayers rendered in church.
Praying in Jesus' name makes the distinction that all glory and honor belong to Christ, who is one with God the Father.
As the word 'tolerance' grows in popularity, tolerance for pure, unadulterated Christian doctrine appears to be shrinking.
