American,Writer
By playing games you can artificially speed up your learning curve to develop the right kind of thought processes.
We must become more comfortable with probability and uncertainty.
The key to making a good forecast is not in limiting yourself to quantitative information.
I think a lot of journal articles should really be blogs.
The Protestant Reformation had a lot to do with the printing press, where Martin Luther's theses were reproduced about 250,000 times, and so you had widespread dissemination of ideas that hadn't circulated in the mainstream before.
Every day, three times per second, we produce the equivalent of the amount of data that the Library of Congress has in its entire print collection, right? But most of it is like cat videos on YouTube or 13-year-olds exchanging text messages about the next Twilight movie.
First of all, I think it's odd that people who cover politics wouldn't have any political views.
Distinguishing the signal from the noise requires both scientific knowledge and self-knowledge.
We're not that much smarter than we used to be, even though we have much more information - and that means the real skill now is learning how to pick out the useful information from all this noise.
If you aren't taking a representative sample, you won't get a representative snapshot.
Well the way we perceive accuracy and what accuracy is statistically are really two different things.
All I know is that I have way more stuff that I want to write about than I possibly have time to.
Almost everyone's instinct is to be overconfident and read way too much into a hot or cold streak.
I have the same friends and the same bad habits.
Actually, one of the better indicators historically of how well the stock market will do is just a Gallup poll, when you ask Americans if you think it's a good time to invest in stocks, except it goes the opposite direction of what you would expect. When the markets going up, it in fact makes it more prone toward decline.
When you get into statistical analysis, you don't really expect to achieve fame. Or to become an Internet meme. Or be parodied by 'The Onion' - or be the subject of a cartoon in 'The New Yorker.' I guess I'm kind of an outlier there.
You get steely nerves playing poker.
People attach too much importance to intangibles like heart, desire and clutch hitting.
There's always the risk that there are unknown unknowns.
Basically, books were a luxury item before the printing press.
I've just always been a bit of a dork.
Caesar recognized the omens, but he didn't believe they applied to him.
Well, you know, you're not going to have 86 percent of Congress voted out of office.
Remember, the Congress doesn't get as many opportunities to make an impression with the public.
If there's a major foreign policy event, the President gets on TV, the Congress doesn't.
A lot of journalism wants to have what they call objectivity without them having a commitment to pursuing the truth, but that doesn't work. Objectivity requires belief in and a commitment toward pursuing the truth - having an object outside of our personal point of view.
People gravitate toward information that implies a happier outlook for them.
I don't think you should limit what you read.
If you're keeping yourself in the bubble and only looking at your own data or only watching the TV that fits your agenda then it gets boring.
Every four years in the presidential election, some new precedent is broken.
I don't play fantasy baseball anymore now because it's too much work, and I feel like I have to hold myself up to such a high standard. I'm pretty serious about my fantasy football, though.
You can build a statistical model and that's all well and good, but if you're dealing with a new type of financial instrument, for example, or a new type of situation - then the choices you're making are pretty arbitrary in a lot of respects.
I actually buy the paper version of The New York Times maybe once or twice a week.
We are living our lives more online and you need to have different ways to capture that.
A lot of things can't be modeled very well.
We're living in a world where Google beats Gallup.
Voters memories will fade some.
We want to get 80%-85% of predictions right, not 100%. Or else we calibrated our estimates in the wrong way.
When human judgment and big data intersect there are some funny things that happen.
To the extent that you can find ways where you're making predictions, there's no substitute for testing yourself on real-world situations that you don't know the answer to in advance.
It's a little strange to become a kind of symbol of a whole type of analysis.
You don't want to influence the same system you are trying to forecast.
A lot of news is just entertainment masquerading as news.
A lot of the time nothing happens in a day.
I'm a pro-horserace guy.
On average, people should be more skeptical when they see numbers. They should be more willing to play around with the data themselves.
I think people feel like there are all these things in our lives that we don't really have control over.
Whenever you have dynamic interactions between 300 million people and the American economy acting in really complex ways, that introduces a degree of almost chaos theory to the system, in a literal sense.
The thing that people associate with expertise, authoritativeness, kind of with a capital 'A,' don't correlate very well with who's actually good at making predictions.
I prefer more to kind of show people different things than tell them 'oh, here's what you should believe' and, over time, you can build up a rapport with your audience.
If you have reason to think that yesterday's forecast went wrong, there is no glory in sticking to it.
