American,Writer
Not everyone has been a bully or the victim of bullies, but everyone has seen bullying, and seeing it, has responded to it by joining in or objecting, by laughing or keeping silent, by feeling disgusted or feeling interested.
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
Tolerance, like any aspect of peace, is forever a work in progress, never completed, and, if we're as intelligent as we like to think we are, never abandoned.
The big talent is persistence.
If vampires were a separate species, and they were into genetic engineering, what would they engineer for?
Beware, all too often we say what we hear others say. We think what we are told that we think. We see what we are permitted to see. Worse, we see what we are told that we see.
Simple peck-order bullying is only the beginning of the kind of hierarchical behavior that can lead to racism, sexism, ethnocentrism, classism, and all the other 'isms' that cause so much suffering in the world.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
I took classes taught by an elderly woman who wrote children's stories. She was polite about the science fiction and fantasy that I kept handing in, but she finally asked in exasperation, 'Can't you write anything normal?'
I don't write about good and evil with this enormous dichotomy. I write about people. I write about people doing the kinds of things that people do.
I wanted to write a novel that would make others feel the history: the pain and fear that black people have had to live through in order to endure.
The norm is white, apparently, in the view of people who see things in that way. For them, the only reason you would introduce a black character is to introduce this kind of abnormality. Usually, it's because you're telling a story about racism or at least about race.
Too many writers get into that gross-'em-out factor.
Science fiction frees you to go anyplace and examine anything.
Science fiction is not formulaic.
Movies are extremely imitative of one another. Whatever works, people will try to do it.
People who think about time travel stories sometimes think that going back in time would be fun because you would have all the information you needed to be much more astute than the people there, when the truth is of course you wouldn't.
How dull it is to have people defining you.
I used to give up writing like some people would give up smoking.
I think people really need to think what it's like to have all of society arrayed against you.
A 10-pound sack of potatoes lasts a long time.
Writing has been as difficult for me as for people who don't like to write and as little fun.
I had novels to write, so I wrote them.
At school I was always taller than the rest of my class, and because I was an only child, I was comfortable with adults but shy and awkward with other kids. I was quiet, bookish, and in spite of my size, hopeless at sports. In short, I was different. And even in the earliest grades, I got pounded for it.
I learned that five- and-six-year-old kids have already figured out how to be intolerant.
I'm comfortably asocial - a hermit in the middle of a large city, a pessimist if I'm not careful, a feminist, a black, a former Baptist, an oil-and-water combination of ambition, laziness, insecurity, certainty and drive.
