American,Writer
Unemployment is capitalism's way of getting you to plant a garden.
The education that prepared me was my general education classes, which I tried to avoid when I was a stupid undergraduate, but which gave me the foundation of general knowledge that makes a career as a writer possible.
Ulysses, obviously. It was an elaborate prank, and our supposed intellectual elite continue to fall for it.
In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him.
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.
Working is hard and distracts from having fun.
As long as you keep getting born, it's alright to die some times.
I don't believe that there are aliens. I believe there are really different people.
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken.
Metaphors have a way of holding the most truth in the least space.
You who speak languages, you are such liars.
I am especially grateful, however, to have known the fifties, before we began to poison our own civilization - or at least before the effects of the poison began to be felt.
There's a reason why every human society has fiction. It teaches us how to be 'good', to behave in a way that is for the benefit of the whole community.
God, our genes, our environment, or some stupid programmer keying in code at an ancient terminal - there's no way free will can ever exist if we as individuals are the result of some external cause.
My favourite all-time work of fiction: Lord of the Rings. My favourite all-time nonfiction book: Guns, Germs, and Steel. Ask me again next week, you'll get a different answer.
I say this as a Democrat, for whom the Republican domination of government threatens many values that I hold to be important to America's role as a light among nations. But there are no values that matter to me that will not be gravely endangered if we lose this war.
I buy way too many books.
I wonder sometimes if the motivation for writers ought to be contempt, not admiration.
There is more good writing and good acting in any ten minutes of Twister than in, say, all of Citizen Kane.
The lies we live will always be confessed in the stories that we tell.
It's the middle class that feels the luxury of being able to have causes.
Laws against homosexual behavior should remain on the books.
The priests say that God created our souls, and that just puts us under the control of another puppeteer. If God created our will, then he's responsible for every choice we make.
I listen to music constantly while writing.
I have lived in the only decades I could have lived in, and hope to live through at least a few more.
In all my study of history, I have never found a time or place I would rather have lived than now.
