American,Writer
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge.
I believe the root of all evil is abuse of power.
Being with someone who is smart and gives good advice adds tremendously wonderful elements to your life.
Even when I am writing I usually take a break around lunchtime and go for a little walk to clear out my head.
On the last morning of Virginia's bloodiest year since the Civil War, I built a fire and sat facing a window of darkness where at sunrise I knew I would find the sea.
I stop working at about 3 p.m. on Fridays.
I dropped chemistry. I practically blew up the lab in college.
Night fell clean and cold in Dublin, and wind moaned beyond my room as if a million pipes played the air.
In my forties, my optimism was boundless. I had really good health and tremendous success which allowed me to do anything I wanted.
The human capacity to be curious has always existed.
I didn't invent forensic science and medicine. I just was one of the first people to recognize how interesting it is.
Murder is about power and the more powerful women get the more it will change the good that they do and the bad that they do.
Even if you are a best-seller you feel insecure because it is all so unpredictable.
I'm always surprised when large numbers of people buy my books.
I wouldn't want to donate my body for scientific study.
I find it difficult to attend autopsies. Especially the smells.
I've always believed human blood is red because it really needs to draw attention to itself.
I've never taken a scalpel to a dead body.
The biggest risk with a series that goes on this long is that you'll get bored with the character.
In the first person, the readers feel smart, like it's them solving the case.
But when I was a little kid, I was always writing stories and illustrating little books that I would create.
That's why I think the 'Scarpetta' series has worked so well because people like spending time with this character.
First of all, it does not deter crime, the death penalty.
I am a journalist.
I'm very, very sensitive to pain and to people who suffer.
My friends call me Miss Worst Case Scenario.
