Writer
Writing, to me, is like kayaking a river. You are paddling down, and you come to a walled-off canyon, and you make a sharp turn, and you don't know what's around the corner. It could be a waterfall, it could be a big pool. The narrative current carries you. You're surprised, and you're thrilled, and sometimes you're terrified.
Surfing is a life path. You have to really commit... You have to let go and have faith that it's gonna work out when you take off.
I have two younger sisters, and it was a family full of creativity.
Kook means the clueless beginner who paddles his surf board out to the other surfers in the lineup and starts chattering away like it's a cocktail party, completely ignores all the finely-tuned protocols of surf that have developed over decades.
I remember the cover of this one L'Amour book showed a guy on horseback, leading a pack horse across a creek in the snow. Something about that cover - all I wanted to do was drift the high lonesome on horseback.
Huntington Beach is like ground zero for surfers.
I had to make a living, so I got happily diverted into writing about expeditions and adventures.
When I got out of college, I had to make a living, and I started writing for magazines, and it felt like the perfect job.
I write a thousand words a day, and I always stop in the middle of a scene or thought, and it makes it easy to pick up on the next day.
I don't know if we will really have a doomsday for human beings, but if we did, to me, it wouldn't be an unjust outcome, given how many species we're taking with us every year.
I like the drinking-out-of-the-fire-hose approach - you're getting way more than you can handle.
All my journalism, all my books are first person, and it's all memoir. Even when I'm writing about the oil spill in the Gulf, it's all first person there.
I've always wanted to be a novelist, so I just try to write really great narrative.
I got out of Iowa all set to be a poet and a novelist, but you know what? It's really tough to make a living as a poet.
Species are going extinct because of habitat loss and warming. I feel deeply responsible and think about it every day.
My dad was a copywriter on Madison Avenue at the same time as the TV show 'Mad Men' is set. My mom raised the kids and was a scholarship coordinator at a school. More importantly, dad was a writer and my mom an artist.
I love to fish almost more than anything.
I always wanted to be a writer. I was writing poetry when I was 6.
My dad's wife, my stepmom, is a serious painter. My dad also paints. My mother is a brilliant sculptor, and her husband is a sculptor.
Loss is universal. I've lost grandparents that I dearly adored, lost animals that were like brothers to me. Many of us have gone through terrible breakups.
The one thing they didn't tell you at Iowa is how hard it is to make a living writing fiction and poetry.
Writing 'Dog Stars' was coming home. My spirit just sang. It's what I wanted to do my whole life.
I write a lot of environmental stories.
Writing nonfiction, you're responsible to posterity, to history, to other people because the events happened, and you feel responsible to record them as they happened.
With fiction, I felt like I could bring to bear my full imagination, my entire heart, and so you feel very vulnerable. It's not your physical life, but it's everything else, so it felt like a lot was at stake.
There's always been in my life that tension between living and writing. For me, because I'm so physically exuberant, it was extra hard to sit still at the desk and put in the hours that you need to put in to write.
