American,Writer
I'm obsessed with radio. It's a good start to Sunday morning.
Most fears are basic: fear of the dark, fear of going down in the basement, fear of weird sounds, fear that somebody is waiting for you in your closet. Those kinds of things stay with you no matter what age.
Read. Read. Read. Just don't read one type of book. Read different books by various authors so that you develop different styles.
Making my class laugh and getting in trouble. I was the class clown.
When I write for kids, I have to make sure they know what can't happen. They have to know it's a fantasy. But when I write for adults, they have to think it's real. Every detail has to be real or they won't buy it.
If you want to be a writer, don't worry so much about writing. Read as much as you can. Read as many different writers as you can. Soak up the styles.
I got the chance to do things that I dreamed of when I was a kid: I got to travel around the world; I had my own 'Goosebumps' attraction at Disney World; I've been on TV and had three TV series.
A real New Yorker likes the sound of a garbage truck in the morning.
I feel happy to terrify kids.
I used to get a haircut every Saturday so I would never miss any of the comic books. I had practically no hair when I was a kid!
I'm a total Disney freak. I want to live in Disney World.
I do like a lot of things that a lot of adults would scoff at. 'SpongeBob SquarePants,' 'Looney Tunes.'
I always just wanted to be funny. I never really planned to be scary.
I started writing when I was 9 years old. I was like this weird kid who would just stay in my room, typing little funny magazines and drawing comic strips.
I've made myself laugh from some ideas - but I've never scared myself.
I've never turned into a bee - I've never been chased by a mummy or met a ghost. But many of the ideas in my books are suggested by real life.
I've lived in New York for 40 years. I came right after college.
I've never dreamed of a story idea. I have such boring dreams.
I have a cheat-sheet for each one of my characters about their personality, the way they look, etc. So there is no possible way that I could have writer's block.
I guess I'm way too kind and generous, and a saint - if you can believe that!
Well, when I was 13, for my bar mitzvah I received my first typewriter. And that was special.
When I was a kid, there were these great comic books called 'Tales From The Crypt' and 'The Vault of Horror.' They were gruesome. I discovered them in the barbershop and thought they were fabulous.
When I write, I try to think back to what I was afraid of or what was scary to me, and try to put those feelings into books.
Everything that has happened to me has been amazing and surprising.
Twitter is fun because it lets me stay in touch with all my original readers who grew up with my books. I love hearing from readers instantly on Twitter.
I love theme parks but I'm a real chicken on rides. I'd rather invent scary rides for my books than go on them for real.
