American,Writer
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
Make it a habit to tell people thank you. To express your appreciation, sincerely and without the expectation of anything in return. Truly appreciate those around you, and you'll soon find many others around you. Truly appreciate life, and you'll find that you have more of it.
Excellence is not a skill, it's an attitude.
You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination.
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations. Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality.
When was the last time you spent a quiet moment just doing nothing - just sitting and looking at the sea, or watching the wind blowing the tree limbs, or waves rippling on a pond, a flickering candle or children playing in the park?
Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work.
Concern yourself more with accepting responsibility than with assigning blame. Let the possibilities inspire you more than the obstacles discourage you.
Your destiny is to fulfill those things upon which you focus most intently. So choose to keep your focus on that which is truly magnificent, beautiful, uplifting and joyful. Your life is always moving toward something.
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen.
If you so choose, even the unexpected setbacks can bring new and positive possibilities. If you so choose, you can find value and fulfillment in every circumstance.
Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality.
Welcome those big, sticky, complicated problems. In them are your most powerful opportunities.
Turn your attention for a while away from the worries and anxieties. Remind yourself of all your many blessings.
What if you gave someone a gift, and they neglected to thank you for it - would you be likely to give them another? Life is the same way. In order to attract more of the blessings that life has to offer, you must truly appreciate what you already have.
Dare to visualize a world in which your most treasured dreams have become true.
Live your days on the positive side of life, in tune with your most treasured values. And in each moment you'll have much to live for.
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations.
Look up from what you're doing and look around for a minute. See what a beautiful world you're in.
Beset by a difficult problem? Now is your chance to shine. Pick yourself up, get to work and get triumphantly through it.
Every day you spend drifting away from your goals is a waste not only of that day, but also of the additional day it takes to regain lost ground.
It doesn't matter how much you want. What really matters is how much you want it. The extent and complexity of the problem does not matter was much as does the willingness to solve it.
Take your mind off the problems for a moment, and focus on the positive possibilities. Consider how very much you are able to do.
If you so choose, every mistake can lead to greater understanding and effectiveness. If you so choose, every frustration can help you to be more patient and more persistent.
If you so choose, each day can be filled with even more joy than the one before. If you so choose, even the most seemingly random events can work in your favor.
The more closely you get in touch with your dreams, the more able you are to make them real. The more vividly you consider how you want your world to be, the more real and effective tools you will have for making it so.
