American,Writer
Alcohol is like love. The first kiss is magic, the second is intimate, the third is routine. After that you take the girl's clothes off.
The streets were dark with something more than night.
From 30 feet away she looked like a lot of class. From 10 feet away she looked like something made up to be seen from 30 feet away.
She gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket.
The challenge of screenwriting is to say much in little and then take half of that little out and still preserve an effect of leisure and natural movement.
A good story cannot be devised; it has to be distilled.
I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better take one along that worked.
I do a great deal of research - particularly in the apartments of tall blondes.
I guess God made Boston on a wet Sunday.
I think a man ought to get drunk at least twice a year just on principle, so he won't let himself get snotty about it.
The moment a man begins to talk about technique that's proof that he is fresh out of ideas.
He looked about as inconspicuous as a tarantula on a slice of angel food.
An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence.
When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
It is not a fragrant world.
Television is just one more facet of that considerable segment of our society that never had any standard but the soft buck.
Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence as you can find outside an advertising agency.
The flood of print has turned reading into a process of gulping rather than savoring.
The more you reason the less you create.
Good critical writing is measured by the perception and evaluation of the subject; bad critical writing by the necessity of maintaining the professional standing of the critic.
The law isn't justice. It's a very imperfect mechanism. If you press exactly the right buttons and are also lucky, justice may show up in the answer. A mechanism is all the law was ever intended to be.
It is pretty obvious that the debasement of the human mind caused by a constant flow of fraudulent advertising is no trivial thing. There is more than one way to conquer a country.
Everything a writer learns about the art or craft of fiction takes just a little away from his need or desire to write at all. In the end he knows all the tricks and has nothing to say.
She jerked away from me like a startled fawn might, if I had a startled fawn and it jerked away from me.
The creative artist seems to be almost the only kind of man that you could never meet on neutral ground. You can only meet him as an artist. He sees nothing objectively because his own ego is always in the foreground of every picture.
At least half the mystery novels published violate the law that the solution, once revealed, must seem to be inevitable.
