American,Writer
I tend to believe, when you're in a relationship, if you don't fight, it's not a real relationship. You have to have arguments and tensions, otherwise I don't believe it.
The death penalty issue is obviously a divisive one. But whether one is for or against, you can not deny the basic illogic - if we know the system is flawed, if we know there are innocent people on Death Row, then until the system is reformed, should we not abandon the death penalty to protect those who are innocent?
In 1996, Shakespeare's 'Twelfth Night' was removed from classrooms after a school board passed a 'prohibition of alternative lifestyle instruction' act. Apparently, a young female character disguised as a boy was a danger to the youth of Merrimack, New Hampshire.
I just really have an affinity for women. Watching them go through journeys is more interesting to me than watching men.
Nowadays, Skype is a generational way of putting both people on camera at the same time.
The thing that I love is human behavior - why people do what they do, who they are, and the choices that they make - and that has to always be plot driven.
I've always shot on film, but the times are changing.
When I was young, I had two older sisters, and since I was the youngest in my family, my mom took me around with her all the time. I was forever with her when she was having coffee in the middle of the afternoon with her three sisters. And they would talk about men. I absorbed a lot of that.
Women have to take more control of their careers. They can't just wait to be cast in a film.
If I can make a living as a writer, I can do anything.
I think musical theater fans - obsessive fans - are very much like Comic Con fans in our personalities. We're very possessive, and we're very obsessive, and we're very critical. So don't screw with our stuff.
Academy Awards don't really solve anything.
TV is where a writer can write his novel.
You can have ambiguity in television that you are not allowed in film... at least in Hollywood studio films.
I really like Rosamund Pike very much.
'The Last Five Years' was a musical in 2002, and it's a deconstruction of a marriage.
I'm very much interested in doing actual theater.
My true nature, I believe, is writing.
I had to audition as an actor, and I got so tired of doing the same monologues over and over, so I started writing my own, and then I started selling them to other actors.
I'm a dramatist.
Sondheim is my god; I love the man. I learned a great deal about writing from his work, his lyrics, and his structure.
There is a musical rhythm to great writing, especially if it's performed correctly.
The territory has changed, and a lot of really good actors want to do cable series, but they don't necessarily want to do network TV and make the commitment of 22 episodes or whatever. They find that the liberties and the creative freedoms that you get in cable is more interesting to them than the censorship of a network show.
Every marriage is weird! That's what it is - we just all need to start embracing the fact that there is no normal.
As soon as you're finished shooting, you have to go into the edit room and choose all of the shots that you're going to commit to because the visual effects vendor has to get it because they'll spend months on it. So, you're editing out of sequence before you've gotten a film for the movie and the performances.
Paul Hicks is the only guy The Beatles will allow to arrange, mix and engineer their music, so he did the Cirque du Soleil 'Love' show.
