American,Writer
Language exerts hidden power, like the moon on the tides.
Humor comes from self-confidence.
The reward for conformity is that everyone likes you but yourself.
You can't be truly rude until you understand good manners.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
Morals are private. Decency is public.
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you.
I became a lesbian because of women, because women are beautiful, strong, and compassionate.
Life is too short to be miserable.
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
Lead me not into temptation; I can find the way myself.
Intuition is a suspension of logic due to impatience.
If the world were a logical place, men would ride side saddle.
A peacefulness follows any decision, even the wrong one.
About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.
We animals live life in all its glorious uncertainty. Why do politicians think they can control events?
Art is moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television.
Women who love women are Lesbians. Men, because they can only think of women in sexual terms, define Lesbian as sex between women.
Cats and dogs believe politicians are like cemetery caregivers; they are on top of everyone, but nobody listens.
I am a comic writer, which means I get to slay the dragons, and shoot the bull.
A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all.
As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.
Leroy bet me I couldn't find a pot of gold at the end, and I told him that was a stupid bet because the rainbow was enough.
Don't ask to live in tranquil times. Literature doesn't grow there.
If you don't like my book, write your own. If you don't think you can write a novel, that ought to tell you something. If you think you can, do. No excuses. If you still don't like my novels, find a book you do like.
There hasn't been a day in my life since I started Latin in ninth grade that I haven't benefited by the lives of the ancients.
I don't think you can ever assess your work. I don't think Turgenev could assess his any more than I can assess mine, and his didn't have a social impact as much as great literary impact.
All creatures tread across the rubble of ruined civilizations. The trick is to keep moving. No animal ever goes about dispensing shallow compassion.
Political elections are not life and death.
