American,Writer
Marketing is a contest for people's attention.
Being aware of your fear is smart. Overcoming it is the mark of a successful person.
I think the most productive thing to do during times of change is to be your best self, not the best version of someone else.
Permission marketing turns strangers into friends and friends into loyal customers. It's not just about entertainment - it's about education. Permission marketing is curriculum marketing.
I learned that a long walk and calm conversation are an incredible combination if you want to build a bridge.
In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is a failure. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible.
Do you know what people want more than anything? They want to be missed. They want to be missed the day they don't show up. They want to be missed when they're gone.
The problem with competition is that it takes away the requirement to set your own path, to invent your own method, to find a new way.
The minute there's a map, there is no art. Paint by numbers is not art. Paint by numbers is a mechanical activity.
Dig your well before you're thirsty.
When enough people care about autism or diabetes or global warming, it helps everyone, even if only a tiny fraction actively participate.
The future of publishing is about having connections to readers and the knowledge of what those readers want.
I made a decision to write for my readers, not to try to find more readers for my writing.
The danger of the Web is that you can go from idea to public announcement in under ten minutes.
What tribes are, is a very simple concept that goes back 50 million years. It's about leading and connecting people and ideas. And it's something that people have wanted forever.
If we live in a world where information drives what we do, the information we get becomes the most important thing. The person who chooses that information has power.
Normal is fading away. Governments and industries and schools like normal, because it's easier, it scales and it's profitable. But people don't like it - we want to be who we are, not who some marketer tells us to be.
If a product's future is unlikely to be remarkable - if you can't imagine a future in which people are once again fascinated by your product - it's time to realize that the game has changed. Instead of investing in a dying product, take profits and reinvest them in building something new.
Habits like blogging often and regularly, writing down the way you think, being clear about what you think are effective tactics, ignoring the burbling crowd and not eating bacon. All of these are useful habits.
We're not going to outgrow our need for information.
I think there's plenty of room for blogs that exist to pay the blogger, or blogs that exist to turn a profit. That's just not the kind of blog I'm writing, and I'm not the kind of blogger that could do that.
Being a leader gives you charisma. If you look and study the leaders who have succeeded, that's where charisma comes from, from the leading.
Permission marketing is marketing without interruptions.
My blogging life is basically goalless. I like the zen nature of that, and paradoxically, it improves results.
The Net is not television. It is the finest direct-marketing mechanism in the history of mankind. It is direct mail with free stamps, and it allows you to create richer and deeper relationships than you've ever been able to create before.
The way to work with a bully is to take the ball and go home. First time, every time. When there's no ball, there's no game. Bullies hate that. So they'll either behave so they can play with you or they'll go bully someone else.
