American,Writer
I had no idea that mothering my own child would be so healing to my own sadness from my childhood.
There is more criticism of puritanism, and more distance from Christian morality, than there has been before.
I'm like the kid in kindergarten; I really do send valentines to everyone.
I see the effects of sexual and gender liberation all around me, just like you do, but I don't have a sense of being in the majority.
There are also just as many, if not more, women who are anxious to hold down the status quo.
I'm writing a new book right now that is like an erotica manifesto.
You name the demonstration; I was at it.
My idea of the ideal sex education site doesn't exist.
I love turning my daughter on to old movies.
I had a hard time publishing my books in the beginning of my career, because editors were afraid what people would think of THEM, personally, if their name was associated with me.
I got introduced to audiobooks because of having a baby.
Doing the right thing for someone else was like a tonic for me; it was like some magic ointment that made a wound disappear.
I think moms need to share information on a regular, intimate basis.
I'm a Mommy's Girl - the strongest influence in my young life was my mom.
You have to calendar time for yourself even if you have no idea what you're going to do with it.
Familiarity with your lover is what initially makes sex really good.
Human beings like variety, and they also like partnership... these are scientific values we can point to.
I think that you have to do everything you can do to empower girls when they are young, from their education, to their successful independence, to their sexual self-knowledge.
I got more and more politically active and just followed the course of feminism and sexual liberation.
It's not that sexual liberation or feminist messages are dead.
So that would be a classic mixed message to young women: you should look a certain way that's going to destroy your reproductive system and your sexual appetite, but at the same time, you should be interested in sex!
Now I have to have the biggest P.O. box in the entire post office to get all the manuscripts coming in.
In fact, I think for a lot of writers, it's so hard to be read.
Finding people who get enormous pleasure from reading books is a more and more unusual experience, and so writers just so much want to be heard.
People who love science fiction really do love sex.
