American,Writer
Gratitude goes a long way.
I can't live without my smartphone, but I really geek on coding. It's not so much technology that I like, but puzzle solving.
I believe that if you work hard at a relationship, devoting time and energy to it, being willing to grow and experiment, and never take it for granted, that you can continue to feel the initial attraction and excitement indefinitely.
My mom handed me my first romance novel.
The '50 Shades' series is a Cinderella story, where the characters seemingly have no flaws. The 'Crossfire' series is very different in that these two characters are almost mirror images of each other.
I go to a lot of conferences and conventions to meet with readers directly.
As for discipline and rules, I confess, I've never been good with either.
I've learned to allow myself the room to fall in love with what I'm writing.
When a story captures me, it comes quickly and easily.
The world would be a very sad place if readers could only love one story.
I've been told by readers that they love how my heroes fall in love fast, first, and with conviction.
My heroines, more often than not, are the ones who are troubled and resistant.
I love connecting with readers!
As a writer, it's disheartening to write books that you pour your soul into and not have them distributed widely enough to find their audience.
I spend a lot of time on social media, I'm on Facebook every day; I'm on Twitter every day.
Some writers may hate interacting on social media. And if you do, don't do it, because it shows. If you are uncomfortable being out in public, that shows, too, and makes the reader uncomfortable. So find the best way for you to connect with your readers and a way that you enjoy.
I have things I watch in my downtime - I love 'Scandal.' I don't write political romance, so there's not a direct relation there. But it's something I do just to turn off the brain for a little bit, and just to relax and recharge.
I'm a big fan of IMAX/3-D films; I love that whole experience.
I've found that writers who don't read really can't write.
I was 12 and read my first romance novel; it was a sweeping desert saga, and I got to the end of it and was like, 'I want to go back and start all over again!' That emotional response to the book and getting to the end of a story you love is what inspires me to write the next book.
Some days, you will sit down, and you write tens of thousands of words. Others, you have to force yourself to write a single sentence.
'One With You' was the hardest book I have ever written. I rewrote it three times.
I have had unattractive heroes - broken noses, scars, crooked teeth. You want to give them something that is human. My heroines struggle with being too short or fat or old. Some are older than the heroes. You try to cover all spectrums.
Every writer follows a theme, and mine is survival. If you can't figure out what a writer's theme is, look at the books you are attracted to.
The 'Crossfire' demographic is all-encompassing. Age, gender, religion, culture... it doesn't matter.
It's not uncommon for men to show up at my book signings or to send me emails with their thoughts about my books. I've also heard from a number of female readers who were introduced to my works by men in their lives.
I urge aspiring writers to write three full-length novels before contemplating publication.
Writing the 'Crossfire' series is deeply personal for me, and I love the whole process of it.
Nalini Singh, J.D. Robb, Patricia Briggs, Shelby Reed - these are my pre-order, must-have authors.
Reading is No. 1 - I have to read, or I can't write.
