German,Writer
I never can understand how anyone can not smoke - it deprives a man of the best part of life. With a good cigar in his mouth a man is perfectly safe, nothing can touch him, literally.
For the myth is the foundation of life; it is the timeless schema, the pious formula into which life flows when it reproduces its traits out of the unconscious.
Order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject.
We don't love qualities, we love persons; sometimes by reason of their defects as well as of their qualities.
It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
Only he who desires is amiable and not he who is satiated.
Culture and possessions, there is the bourgeoisie for you.
War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.
Reduced to a miserable mass level, the level of a Hitler, German Romanticism broke out into hysterical barbarism.
What a wonderful phenomenon it is, carefully considered, when the human eye, that jewel of organic structures, concentrates its moist brilliance on another human creature!
For to be poised against fatality, to meet adverse conditions gracefully, is more than simple endurance; it is an act of aggression, a positive triumph.
A man's dying is more his survivor's affair than his own.
A harmful truth is better than a useful lie.
It is a strange fact that freedom and equality, the two basic ideas of democracy, are to some extent contradictory. Logically considered, freedom and equality are mutually exclusive, just as society and the individual are mutually exclusive.
A writer is somebody for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
Everything is politics.
An art whose medium is language will always show a high degree of critical creativeness, for speech is itself a critique of life: it names, it characterizes, it passes judgment, in that it creates.
A solitary, unused to speaking of what he sees and feels, has mental experiences which are at once more intense and less articulate than those of a gregarious man.
All interest in disease and death is only another expression of interest in life.
He who loves the more is the inferior and must suffer.
A great truth is a truth whose opposite is also a truth.
Time cools, time clarifies; no mood can be maintained quite unaltered through the course of hours.
For I must tell you that we artists cannot tread the path of Beauty without Eros keeping company with us and appointing himself as our guide.
Disease makes men more physical, it leaves them nothing but body.
Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.
Animals do not admire each other. A horse does not admire its companion.
What we call National-Socialism is the poisonous perversion of ideas which have a long history in German intellectual life.
One has the idea of a stupid man as perfectly healthy and ordinary, and of illness as making one refined and clever and unusual.
But my deepest and most secret love belongs to the fair-haired and the blue-eyed, the bright children of life, the happy, the charming and the ordinary.
The Freudian theory is one of the most important foundation stones for an edifice to be built by future generations, the dwelling of a freer and wiser humanity.
