American,Writer
The people in the Philippines are so extraordinarily nice.
I love the idea of spies in love. How would it work between two people who were so programmed to lie and be suspicious, who have a whole life based on pretence?
I like emotions, but I really don't like sentimentality, and I don't like when things break their spell.
You change or you hide your head in the sand.
Corporations are like countries now, there's a king, there are serfs, there's a court, basically everything but moats. They're feudal societies, and there are good ones and bad ones.
Everyone I know who used to be in the intelligence community is moving into the corporate world.
I worked for a lot of directors.
I used to be, when I was young, I used to be extremely regular and very organized.
I think what I've recognized over the years is that I'm very, very bingey, extremely bingey when it comes to writing.
I spend a lot of time in a sort of free state when I'm writing in the beginning and sketching.
I have written a bunch of scripts that have not gotten produced, much more so early in my career than later.
Developing films with directors, developing films with actors, is a poor percentage play for a screenwriter.
When I start something, I know people I am working with, it's a project they're interested in.
I prefer writing originals.
I like movies that pop, that have a little bit of candy on, that freedom to have a little bit of extra fun, but are rooted in real behaviour. Rooted in cause and effect, never violating reality.
If you think about it, episodic filmmaking has not been something that people have really done.
Different people work different ways.
I don't like to be crazy on different levels all of the time.
Once a film costs a certain amount of money, things have to round off.
I'm trained to button scenes and round things off, and I get rewarded for doing that.
I've never taken a job on anything I didn't want to do.
I like knowing where I am in action sequences if I'm supposed to.
I wanted to try before I got too old to try to do a big movie and I'd been looking for something to do that was interesting enough to spend those two years of my life on.
The writing is really hard. You're alone. It really pulls it out of you. You pull it out of your head. But when you're a director, you're shopping - you're picking this actor, you're picking this scene. It's like the most intense kinetic high-speed shopping of all time. You sit in a chair and it will all come rushing at you like a wind tunnel.
The main thing for me is I really like strong endings. If there's a strong ending, you can take more time in the beginning, your first act can be really quite different.
Ambiguity depletes as your budget rises.
