American,Writer
To light a candle is to cast a shadow.
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty; not knowing what comes next.
The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp. The reader, reading it, makes it live: a live thing, a story.
It is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception and compassion and hope.
Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.
It is good to have an end to journey toward, but it is the journey that matters in the end.
There are no right answers to wrong questions.
My imagination makes me human and makes me a fool; it gives me all the world, and exiles me from it.
Inventions have long since reached their limit, and I see no hope for further development.
If science fiction is the mythology of modern technology, then its myth is tragic.
I talk about the gods, I am an atheist. But I am an artist too, and therefore a liar. Distrust everything I say. I am telling the truth.
The only questions that really matter are the ones you ask yourself.
Great artists make the roads; good teachers and good companions can point them out. But there ain't no free rides, baby.
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.
I don't write tracts, I write novels. I'm not a preacher, I'm a fiction writer.
I believe that maturity is not an outgrowing, but a growing up: that an adult is not a dead child, but a child who survived.
If you want your writing to be taken seriously, don't marry and have kids, and above all, don't die. But if you have to die, commit suicide. They approve of that.
The artist deals in what cannot be said in words. The artist whose medium is fiction does this in words. The novelist says in words what cannot be said in words.
If you see a whole thing - it seems that it's always beautiful. Planets, lives... But up close a world's all dirt and rocks. And day to day, life's a hard job, you get tired, you lose the pattern.
I do try to separate my personal activism - showing up at a demonstration or something - from what I write.
It had never occurred to me before that music and thinking are so much alike. In fact you could say music is another way of thinking, or maybe thinking is another kind of music.
As great scientists have said and as all children know, it is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception, and compassion, and hope.
I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed. If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant.
Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not.
When action grows unprofitable, gather information; when information grows unprofitable, sleep.
He is far too intelligent to become really cerebral.
