French,Writer
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere.
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
Tears are the silent language of grief.
It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
What is tolerance? It is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature.
Man is free at the moment he wishes to be.
Optimism is the madness of insisting that all is well when we are miserable.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
To hold a pen is to be at war.
Common sense is not so common.
Of all religions, the Christian should of course inspire the most tolerance, but until now Christians have been the most intolerant of all men.
Opinion has caused more trouble on this little earth than plagues or earthquakes.
Injustice in the end produces independence.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.
This self-love is the instrument of our preservation; it resembles the provision for the perpetuity of mankind: it is necessary, it is dear to us, it gives us pleasure, and we must conceal it.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking.
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
By appreciation, we make excellence in others our own property.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too.
When men do not have healthy notions of the Divinity, false ideas supplant them, just as in bad times one uses counterfeit money when there is no good money.
Men use thought only as authority for their injustice, and employ speech only to conceal their thoughts.
Better is the enemy of good.
I have lived eighty years of life and know nothing for it, but to be resigned and tell myself that flies are born to be eaten by spiders and man to be devoured by sorrow.
A witty saying proves nothing.
Superstition is to religion what astrology is to astronomy the mad daughter of a wise mother. These daughters have too long dominated the earth.
Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?
Originality is nothing but judicious imitation. The most original writers borrowed one from another.
In the case of news, we should always wait for the sacrament of confirmation.
We must cultivate our own garden. When man was put in the garden of Eden he was put there so that he should work, which proves that man was not born to rest.
We must distinguish between speaking to deceive and being silent to be reserved.
The secret of being a bore... is to tell everything.
To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid, you must also be well-mannered.
I die adoring God, loving my friends, not hating my enemies, and detesting superstition.
It is the flash which appears, the thunderbolt will follow.
The progress of rivers to the ocean is not so rapid as that of man to error.
The public is a ferocious beast; one must either chain it or flee from it.
Ice-cream is exquisite - what a pity it isn't illegal.
Tyrants have always some slight shade of virtue; they support the laws before destroying them.
We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue, at our peril, risk and hazard.
Men hate the individual whom they call avaricious only because nothing can be gained from him.
Anyone who seeks to destroy the passions instead of controlling them is trying to play the angel.
One great use of words is to hide our thoughts.
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times.
He was a great patriot, a humanitarian, a loyal friend; provided, of course, he really is dead.
The flowery style is not unsuitable to public speeches or addresses, which amount only to compliment. The lighter beauties are in their place when there is nothing more solid to say; but the flowery style ought to be banished from a pleading, a sermon, or a didactic work.
Weakness on both sides is, as we know, the motto of all quarrels.
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.
Every one goes astray, but the least imprudent are they who repent the soonest.
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
The true triumph of reason is that it enables us to get along with those who do not possess it.
Woe to the makers of literal translations, who by rendering every word weaken the meaning! It is indeed by so doing that we can say the letter kills and the spirit gives life.
Clever tyrants are never punished.
Nature has always had more force than education.
The mouth obeys poorly when the heart murmurs.
The opportunity for doing mischief is found a hundred times a day, and of doing good once in a year.
My life is a struggle.
It is not known precisely where angels dwell whether in the air, the void, or the planets. It has not been God's pleasure that we should be informed of their abode.
The truths of religion are never so well understood as by those who have lost the power of reason.
Wherever there is a settled society, religion is necessary; the laws cover manifest crimes, and religion covers secret crimes.
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy.
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great.
Froth at the top, dregs at bottom, but the middle excellent.
Love has features which pierce all hearts, he wears a bandage which conceals the faults of those beloved. He has wings, he comes quickly and flies away the same.
In every author let us distinguish the man from his works.
When he to whom one speaks does not understand, and he who speaks himself does not understand, that is metaphysics.
I am very fond of truth, but not at all of martyrdom.
The world embarrasses me, and I cannot dream that this watch exists and has no watchmaker.
The instruction we find in books is like fire. We fetch it from our neighbours, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all.
We cannot always oblige; but we can always speak obligingly.
He is a hard man who is only just, and a sad one who is only wise.
The sovereign is called a tyrant who knows no laws but his caprice.
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women.
Who serves his country well has no need of ancestors.
To believe in God is impossible not to believe in Him is absurd.
We cannot wish for that we know not.
History should be written as philosophy.
All styles are good except the tiresome kind.
The ear is the avenue to the heart.
Fear follows crime and is its punishment.
Divorce is probably of nearly the same date as marriage. I believe, however, that marriage is some weeks the more ancient.
To the wicked, everything serves as pretext.
I should like to lie at your feet and die in your arms.
Very learned women are to be found, in the same manner as female warriors; but they are seldom or ever inventors.
Everything's fine today, that is our illusion.
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
The best is the enemy of the good.
Governments need to have both shepherds and butchers.
The ancients recommended us to sacrifice to the Graces, but Milton sacrificed to the Devil.
The husband who decides to surprise his wife is often very much surprised himself.
Very often, say what you will, a knave is only a fool.
All men are born with a nose and five fingers, but no one is born with a knowledge of God.
He must be very ignorant for he answers every question he is asked.
History is only the register of crimes and misfortunes.
Satire lies about literary men while they live and eulogy lies about them when they die.
Society therefore is as ancient as the world.
The little may contrast with the great, in painting, but cannot be said to be contrary to it. Oppositions of colors contrast; but there are also colors contrary to each other, that is, which produce an ill effect because they shock the eye when brought very near it.
The superfluous, a very necessary thing.
What then do you call your soul? What idea have you of it? You cannot of yourselves, without revelation, admit the existence within you of anything but a power unknown to you of feeling and thinking.
The multitude of books is making us ignorant.
It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work. We must feel and be affected by it.
Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.
Religion was instituted to make us happy in this life and in the other. What must we do to be happy in the life to come? Be just.
Such is the feebleness of humanity, such is its perversity, that doubtless it is better for it to be subject to all possible superstitions, as long as they are not murderous, than to live without religion.
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
I know many books which have bored their readers, but I know of none which has done real evil.
The ancient Romans built their greatest masterpieces of architecture, their amphitheaters, for wild beasts to fight in.
He shines in the second rank, who is eclipsed in the first.
He who has not the spirit of this age, has all the misery of it.
He who is not just is severe, he who is not wise is sad.
One merit of poetry few persons will deny: it says more and in fewer words than prose.
Our country is that spot to which our heart is bound.
The first step, my son, which one makes in the world, is the one on which depends the rest of our days.
What a heavy burden is a name that has become too famous.
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
Let us work without theorizing, tis the only way to make life endurable.
