American,Writer
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
No power in society, no hardship in your condition can depress you, keep you down, in knowledge, power, virtue, influence, but by your own consent.
We smile at the ignorance of the savage who cuts down the tree in order to reach its fruit; but the same blunder is made by every person who is over eager and impatient in the pursuit of pleasure.
Fix your eyes on perfection and you make almost everything speed towards it.
Great minds are to make others great. Their superiority is to be used, not to break the multitude to intellectual vassalage, not to establish over them a spiritual tyranny, but to rouse them from lethargy, and to aid them to judge for themselves.
The office of government is not to confer happiness, but to give men the opportunity to work out happiness for themselves.
One good anecdote is worth a volume of biography.
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
Life has a higher end, than to be amused.
The reveries of youth, in which so much energy is wasted, are the yearnings of a Spirit made for what it has not found but must forever seek as an Ideal.
Each of us is meant to have a character all our own, to be what no other can exactly be, and do what no other can exactly do.
All noble enthusiasms pass through a feverish stage, and grow wiser and more serene.
The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven.
No one should part with their individuality and become that of another.
The great hope of society is in individual character.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
He who is false to the present duty breaks a thread in the loom, and you will see the effect when the weaving of a life-time is unraveled.
It is chiefly through books that we enjoy intercourse with superior minds. In the best books, great men talk to us, give us their most precious thoughts, and pour their souls into ours.
Nothing which has entered into our experience is ever lost.
Undoubtedly a man is to labor to better his condition, but first to better himself.
It is not the quantity but the quality of knowledge which determines the mind's dignity.
The home is the chief school of human virtues.
Every mind was made for growth, for knowledge, and its nature is sinned against when it is doomed to ignorance.
God be thanked for books; they are the voices of the distant and the dead, and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages.
Every human being is intended to have a character of his own; to be what no others are, and to do what no other can do.
