Indian,Statesman
No guns but only brotherhood can resolve the problems.
I have a vision of India: an India free of hunger and fear, an India free of illiteracy and want.
Empowering the individual means empowering the nation. And empowerment is best served through rapid economic growth with rapid social change.
India and the United States have taken a decisive step, away from the past. The dawn of the new century has marked a new beginning in our relations. Let us work to fulfil this promise and the hope of today. Let us remove the shadow of agitation that lies between us and our joint vision.
For me, power was never an attraction.
Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation.
As we talk with candour, we open the doors to new possibilities and new areas of cooperation in advance in democracy, in combating terrorism, in energy and environment, science and technology and international peacekeeping.
Let no one challenge India's secularism.
Quiet diplomacy is far more effective than public posturing.
We are unnecessarily wasting our precious resources in wars... if we must wage war, we have to do it on unemployment, disease, poverty, and backwardness.
Our nuclear scientists and engineers have done a splendid job, and naturally, the entire nation has risen to salute their professional excellence, discipline, and patriotism. They have had the benefit of having been led in the past by great men like Homi Bhabha and Vikram Sarabhai.
Population needs to be stabilised for sustainable development.
Our words, actions, and diplomatic efforts should be aimed at trying to achieve pragmatic goals rather than creating rhetorical effect.
People who ask us when we will hold talks with Pakistan are perhaps not aware that over the last 55 years, every initiative for a dialogue with Pakistan has invariably come from India.
Victory and defeat are a part of life, which are to be viewed with equanimity.
Our aim may be as high as the endless sky, but we should have a resolve in our minds to walk ahead, hand-in-hand, for victory will be ours.
For the Bharatiya Janata Party, Gandhian socialism is what we want to achieve and make society free of exploitation and full of opportunities.
It requires an effort of logical acrobatics to believe that carnage of innocents is an instrument for freedom and elections are a symbol of deception and repression!
I have never been a traitor. I am not an informer; I never betrayed my nation.
You can change friends but not neighbours.
We have ended hunger, but now we have to end famine.
While accepting donations, no one looks at the colour of money.
Indian democracy's greatest strength is that we have always put the nation above politics.
My message to the people and rulers of Pakistan is, 'As neighbours, we want peace and friendship and cooperation with you so that together we can change the face of South Asia.'
The overwhelming public sentiment in India was that no meaningful dialogue can be held with Pakistan until it abandons the use of terrorism as an instrument of its foreign policy.
Members of India's diaspora, living in distant lands of the world, my good wishes to all of you. You may be far away from India, but you are always close to our hearts.
Himachal is my second home.
Though I stay in Delhi, I often think about Himachal.
We believe in resolving all disputes peacefully.
Our frequent initiatives to normalise relations with Pakistan are not a sign of our weakness; rather, they are an indication of our commitment to peace.
We should always care for the minorities and be attentive towards their welfare.
Free and fair elections have again demonstrated that Jammu and Kashmir is part of India, and the people want to remain with it.
Violence does not contribute to anything.
I believe India and Israel should focus on building bilateral relations on the basis of shared perspectives and commonalities between our two democracies. This has to be a forward-looking exercise rather than harking back to perceptions of the past.
India has a consistent and well-known position on terrorism. We oppose all acts of terrorism, wherever they occur. We have repeatedly said that no cause can justify violence and destruction, particularly aimed at civilians.
Our objective should be to firmly deal with terrorism and its sponsors, financiers, and arms suppliers. At the same time, our doors should always be open for processes which would restore peace, development, and progress to societies which have been devastated by terrorism over many generations.
In Indonesia, Malaysia, wherever Muslims are living, they don't want to live in harmony.
We want peace to be permanent.
For development, peace is essential.
Creative universities are bedrock of every developed nation's S&T strategy.
It is a matter of concern that science departments in India's vast university system have suffered greatly due to lack of investments, both material and in terms of faculty.
India helped Bangladesh to achieve independence. The Bangladeshis should remain happy inside the territory of their own country.
We used to fight with Pakistan with bombs. Now we are fighting with them on the playing ground.
No one can be considered untouchable on political grounds.
The regional parties have emerged as a strong force, and they, too, deserve a place in national politics.
Labour reforms are not anti-worker.
Our aim should be to make India a global R&D hub.
During the 1942 Quit India Movement, I was a student at Gwalior High School. I was arrested by the British for participating in the movement. My parents then sent me off to my village where, again, I jumped into the movement.
I am often accused of colluding with the British during the freedom struggle. I want to ask, how?
If Advaniji did not want, I would never have been Prime Minister.
If the elections are a mere fraud, why are terrorists being trained and infiltrated into India at the command of the Inter-Services Intelligence Agency of Pakistan to kill election candidates and to intimidate voters?
If Pakistan claims to be a crucial partner in the international coalition against terrorism, how can it continue to use terrorism as an instrument of state policy against India?
Whatever understanding is reached with Pakistan has to be followed honestly, and everybody will have to rise above party politics and be actively committed to make India prosperous.
The BJP decides its own policies.
It is true that of all the states in India, Nagaland has a unique history. We are sensitive to this historical fact. But this uniqueness has in no way diminished the spirit of patriotism among the Naga people.
Who can forget that in critical times of war in 1962, 1965 and 1971, Naga underground organisations did not fire on the Indian Army? They showed restraint.
I believe the gun is no solution to problems.
If Pakistan had not accepted the demand to stop cross-border infiltration and the United States had not conveyed to us Pakistan's guarantee to do so, then nothing could have stopped a war.
This power of democracy is a matter of pride for our country, something which we must always cherish, preserve and further strengthen.
We have given up office, but not our responsibility to serve the nation. We have lost an election, but not our determination.
India has the sanction of her own past glory and future vision to become strong - in every sense of the term.
Let me make one thing clear. I have never considered mere survival in power as any achievement, just as I have never seen coming to power as an achievement in itself.
India is a proud and sovereign country. We do not take any decisions under pressure from the U.S. or any other power.
The prime minister's office is not something that one enjoys.
The BJP is not a party dependent on a single individual, nor is it tied to the apron strings of a family.
There can be no compromise regarding corruption.
My poet's heart gives me strength to face political problems, particularly those which have a bearing on my conscience.
India has a legitimate right to becoming a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council.
People want government to deliver - here and now.
I believe that democracy is the best guarantor for peace and cooperation among nations.
