Statesman
You cannot reform your society or institution without opening your mind.
None of us and none of the Arabs trust Israel.
When we analyze this war in a materialistic way and ask when is it going to end and who will be the winner and the loser, it means that we do not see the endgame.
The problem with the West is that they start with political reform going towards democracy. If you want to go towards democracy, the first thing is to involve the people in decision making, not to make it.
Worry does not mean fear, but readiness for the confrontation.
The Israeli lobby has clout in the U.S., which means that re-arranging the region and controlling its resources one way or another, will serve Israel through its control over the American administration.
I am Syrian, I was made in Syria, I have to live in Syria and die in Syria.
No doubt that the U.S. is a super-power capable of conquering a relatively small country, but is it able to control it?
Israel ranks her priorities in the following way: security, land, and water.
Israeli interests are not necessarily in harmony with the American interests.
America is interested in re-arranging the region as it sees fit.
The most significant indicator that there is no disaster in Iraq is the fact that there is no exodus.
Today, the Iraqi citizen sees that America is coming and wants to occupy his country and kill him, and he is willing to experience for himself what happened in Palestine.
Israel does not care about the international public opinion.
Armies are not only for offensives.
Syria is geographically and politically in the middle of the Middle East.
Despite the ethnic diversity within each nation, the social fabric of the region by and large is one.
We, in Syria, our point of view stems from our experience.
We believe that Lebanon has been the first real experience for all the Arabs.
When Lebanon started its resistance it was a small and divided country.
It is even more so when it comes to Iraq, which is a large Arab country with scientific, material, and human resources and is able to accomplish, at the least, what Lebanon accomplished, and more.
The U.S. and Britain are incapable of controlling all of Iraq.
The logical thing is to implement the Arab Defense Agreement.
Lebanon was under Israeli occupation, up to its capital, but we did not consider that a disaster. Why? Because it was very clear that there are ways to resist.
The problem is not the occupation, but how people deal with it.
But the issue has to do with land, which is our land.
