British,Statesman
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen.
Never complain and never explain.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest; Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem; and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning.
Little things affect little minds.
There can be economy only where there is efficiency.
Power has only one duty - to secure the social welfare of the People.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.
Never take anything for granted.
My objection to Liberalism is this that it is the introduction into the practical business of life of the highest kind namely, politics of philosophical ideas instead of political principles.
Life is too short to be little. Man is never so manly as when he feels deeply, acts boldly, and expresses himself with frankness and with fervor.
The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
There is no act of treachery or meanness of which a political party is not capable; for in politics there is no honour.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
As a general rule, the most successful man in life is the man who has the best information.
I have brought myself, by long meditation, to the conviction that a human being with a settled purpose must accomplish it, and that nothing can resist a will which will stake even existence upon its fulfillment.
Success is the child of audacity.
Adventures are to the adventurous.
The difference between a misfortune and a calamity is this: If Gladstone fell into the Thames, it would be a misfortune. But if someone dragged him out again, that would be a calamity.
There is no education like adversity.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours.
The best security for civilization is the dwelling, and upon properly appointed and becoming dwellings depends, more than anything else, the improvement of mankind.
Mediocrity can talk, but it is for genius to observe.
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.
The more extensive a man's knowledge of what has been done, the greater will be his power of knowing what to do.
London is a modern Babylon.
Man is made to adore and to obey: but if you will not command him, if you give him nothing to worship, he will fashion his own divinities, and find a chieftain in his own passions.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
There is no waste of time in life like that of making explanations.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Two nations between whom there is no intercourse and no sympathy; who are as ignorant of each other's habits, thoughts, and feelings, as if they were dwellers in different zones, or inhabitants of different planets. The rich and the poor.
We moralize among ruins.
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
The more you are talked about the less powerful you are.
Every man has a right to be conceited until he is successful.
An author who speaks about their own books is almost as bad as a mother who speaks about her own children.
The health of the people is really the foundation upon which all their happiness and all their powers as a state depend.
He was distinguished for ignorance; for he had only one idea, and that was wrong.
To supervise people, you must either surpass them in their accomplishments or despise them.
The right honourable gentleman caught the Whigs bathing, and walked away with their clothes. He has left them in the full enjoyment of their liberal positions, and he is himself a strict conservative of their garments.
Justice is truth in action.
What we anticipate seldom occurs: but what we least expect generally happens.
Beware of endeavoring to become a great man in a hurry. One such attempt in ten thousand may succeed. These are fearful odds.
My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me.
The palace is not safe when the cottage is not happy.
The world is governed by very different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes.
Great countries are those that produce great people.
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
Every production of genius must be the production of enthusiasm.
Teach us that wealth is not elegance, that profusion is not magnificence, that splendor is not beauty.
Next to knowing when to seize an opportunity, the most important thing in life is to know when to forego an advantage.
Desperation is sometimes as powerful an inspirer as genius.
A consistent soul believes in destiny, a capricious one in chance.
What is earnest is not always true; on the contrary, error is often more earnest than truth.
A Conservative Government is an organized hypocrisy.
Be amusing: never tell unkind stories; above all, never tell long ones.
The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes.
Without tact you can learn nothing.
Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit.
There is no index of character so sure as the voice.
If a man be gloomy let him keep to himself. No one has the right to go croaking about society, or what is worse, looking as if he stifled grief.
A precedent embalms a principle.
We should never lose an occasion. Opportunity is more powerful even than conquerors and prophets.
Finality is not the language of politics.
There is no gambling like politics.
Duty cannot exist without faith.
Worry - a God, invisible but omnipotent. It steals the bloom from the cheek and lightness from the pulse; it takes away the appetite, and turns the hair gray.
The Youth of a Nation are the trustees of posterity.
Characters do not change. Opinions alter, but characters are only developed.
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader?
Nature, like man, sometimes weeps from gladness.
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
Plagiarists, at least, have the merit of preservation.
No man is regular in his attendance at the House of Commons until he is married.
Let the fear of a danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
There is moderation even in excess.
To tax the community for the advantage of a class is not protection: it is plunder.
Silence is the mother of truth.
To be conscious that you are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge.
The very phrase 'foreign affairs' makes an Englishman convinced that I am about to treat of subjects with which he has no concern.
A man may speak very well in the House of Commons, and fail very completely in the House of Lords. There are two distinct styles requisite: I intend, in the course of my career, if I have time, to give a specimen of both.
I repeat... that all power is a trust; that we are accountable for its exercise; that from the people and for the people all springs, and all must exist.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
William Gladstone has not a single redeeming defect.
Conservatism discards Prescription, shrinks from Principle, disavows Progress; having rejected all respect for antiquity, it offers no redress for the present, and makes no preparation for the future.
In politics nothing is contemptible.
A majority is always better than the best repartee.
As for our majority... one is enough.
No Government can be long secure without a formidable Opposition.
Damn your principles! Stick to your party.
I never deny. I never contradict. I sometimes forget.
The governments of the present day have to deal not merely with other governments, with emperors, kings and ministers, but also with the secret societies which have everywhere their unscrupulous agents, and can at the last moment upset all the governments' plans.
The services in wartime are fit only for desperadoes, but in peace are only fit for fools.
Where knowledge ends, religion begins.
The people of England are the most enthusiastic in the world.
Fame and power are the objects of all men. Even their partial fruition is gained by very few; and that, too, at the expense of social pleasure, health, conscience, life.
There is no greater index of character so sure as the voice.
Frank and explicit - that is the right line to take when you wish to conceal your own mind and confuse the minds of others.
Grief is the agony of an instant; the indulgence of grief the blunder of a life.
Nationality is the miracle of political independence; race is the principle of physical analogy.
The pursuit of science leads only to the insoluble.
Increased means and increased leisure are the two civilizers of man.
Fear makes us feel our humanity.
King Louis Philippe once said to me that he attributed the great success of the British nation in political life to their talking politics after dinner.
We cannot learn men from books.
Real politics are the possession and distribution of power.
You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life.
Without publicity there can be no public support, and without public support every nation must decay.
Upon the education of the people of this country the fate of this country depends.
War is never a solution; it is an aggravation.
It is easier to be critical than correct.
Travel teaches toleration.
Almost everything that is great has been done by youth.
You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men.
I have been ever of opinion that revolutions are not to be evaded.
Genius, when young, is divine.
The practice of politics in the East may be defined by one word: dissimulation.
Things must be done by parties, not by persons using parties as tools.
A University should be a place of light, of liberty, and of learning.
That fatal drollery called a representative government.
