American,Statesman
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
The healthiest competition occurs when average people win by putting above average effort.
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard.
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
Don't bother people for help without first trying to solve the problem yourself.
Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up.
If a leader doesn't convey passion and intensity then there will be no passion and intensity within the organization and they'll start to fall down and get depressed.
It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning.
I think whether you're having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude.
But just as they did in Philadelphia when they were writing the constitution, sooner or later, you've got to compromise. You've got to start making the compromises that arrive at a consensus and move the country forward.
Don't be afraid to challenge the pros, even in their own backyard.
Today I can declare my hope and declare it from the bottom of my heart that we will eventually see the time when that number of nuclear weapons is down to zero and the world is a much better place.
The chief condition on which, life, health and vigor depend on, is action. It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny.
Never neglect details. When everyone's mind is dulled or distracted the leader must be doubly vigilant.
Many interviewers when they come to talk to me, think they're being progressive by not mentioning in their stories any longer that I'm black. I tell them, 'Don't stop now. If I shot somebody you'd mention it.'
Fit no stereotypes. Don't chase the latest management fads. The situation dictates which approach best accomplishes the team's mission.
We need to understand that we as citizens and as a government in any community throughout this country have no more important obligation than to educate those who are going to replace us.
Get mad, then get over it.
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age.
You don't know what you can get away with until you try.
There are lots of countries that are having these kinds of internal civil wars in other parts of the world and nobody is talking about intervening.
I try to be the same person I was yesterday.
Some of the generals are saying, 'We're making progress. We are clearing an area.' But you really don't defeat the Taliban by clearing an area. They move.
Wouldn't it be great if we could look forward to a whole world in which no child will be left behind?
The United States is not stingy. We are the greatest contributor to international relief efforts in the world.
War should be the politics of last resort. And when we go to war, we should have a purpose that our people understand and support.
Have fun in your command. Don't always run at a breakneck pace. Take leave when you've earned it, spend time with your families.
I don't think we handled the aftermath of the fall of Baghdad as well as we might have. But that's now history.
Politics is not bean bags. It's serious, tough stuff.
I think the Iranians are clearly determined to have a nuclear program. And we have to assume that with a nuclear program they have the capability and the will to create a nuclear weapon.
We all hoped in 2001 that we could put in place an Afghan government under President Karzai that would be able to control the country, make sure al-Qaeda didn't come back, and make sure the Taliban wasn't resurging. It didn't work out.
I always like to take my time and examine the two candidates, see not only the two candidates but the policies they will bring in, the people they will bring in, who they might appoint to the Supreme Court, and look at the whole range of issues before making a decision.
In terms of the legal matter of creating a contract between two people that's called marriage, and allowing them to live together with the protection of law, it seems to me is the way we should be moving in this country.
It was the Congress that imposed 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell,' it was certainly my position, my recommendation to get us out of an even worse outcome that could have occurred.
Foe means enemy. Now, will we have differences of opinion with the Russians? Yes. Will they get mad at us from time to time, and we get mad at them? That's part of the normal diplomatic relations.
Look at the world. There is no pure competitor to the United States of America.
Economy's got to get moving, we've got to get the unemployment rate down. That may be the defining issue of the campaign.
It's not just a matter of whether you support Obama or Romney. It's who they have coming with them. I always keep my powder dry, as they say in the military.
