Polish,Statesman
Quality of life is not only about what you find in the shops; it's about the landscape.
We should believe in the strength and vitality of the values which constitute the E.U. and which neighbouring states can believe in and aspire to join.
Communism was something so hideous that you had to be an exceptional conformist or a fool not to see the evil around you.
Poland is quite a mediocre country in some regards. The only natural resource that we have, and with which we can compete, is freedom.
A word of truth can mobilise two peoples looking for the road to reconciliation.
I can confirm that Poland should become a eurozone country, and not just because of the treaties that have been signed, but because I consider it of strategic interest both for Poland and the E.U.
I'm plain incapable of getting angry with Angela Merkel and likewise.
If we want to protect people against dictators or repression or torture, don't you need that rule to be universal so as to not end up with a situation where we do so only when it is comfortable, profitable and safe?
I got into politics a little bit by chance, as a person from the first generation of the Solidarity movement.
Politics itself is not sacred any more.
Poland is not a very large country, but it's also not a small country.
Poles must understand history but we must also overcome it if it is obstructing our contemporary goals.
I will be engaging myself personally, as the head of the Polish government, in the optimization of conditions for the exploration, research, logistics and the business related to the production of shale gas.
My family history, like that of many Polish, German and Jewish families from Central Europe in the 20th century, is complex.
My Kashubian family, like the Jews, are people who were born and live in border areas and were suspected by the Nazis and by the Communists of being disloyal.
If there's one country that can be trusted to understand the complexity of history, it's Israel.
There is no Polish culture without Jewish culture.
I spent an important part of my life participating in conflicts. But for me, conflict was not the main principle.
Today, the most important political instrument in the hands of the opposition is the presidential veto.
In Poland we still believe - and this certainly applies to my government - that greater competitiveness, and greater growth and savings are possible in an economy which is as sparely regulated as possible, where freedom, competition and private ownership are key values.
What we have to do is to definitively remove the last vestiges of power from those who treat terms such as 'liberal democracy,' 'free markets' and 'Europe' with suspicion.
My government is in no sense anti-Russian.
For Poland, the United States is the most important ally.
The government has been repairing Poland's image and its relations with the European Union and the world.
We are giving the citizens of Poland a sense that a reasonable and predictable government is ruling here.
