Israeli,Statesman
Since the Six-Day War, the whole world, which is the real arena of battle between us and the Palestinians, believes that Israel is right in regard to procedure, namely problems and disputes should be solved around the negotiating table.
I don't do anything to impress anyone, quite successfully I can tell you.
Leadership can change its mind; leadership can open its eye. Leadership can even be replaced.
We are living in an open world. There is a freedom of speech and, clearly, freedom of speculation.
When you launch a surgical operation, you must already be well deployed to follow it through with larger forces. That complicates matters: you need to be ready for a full-fledged campaign on the operational level and have the diplomatic backing lined up as well.
There is a thin line between peace of the brave and peace of the hostage... between compromise - even calculated risk - and irresponsibility and capitulation.
If you establish a right unity government, you create an effective platform to make... decisions because you have wider support of your own party.
They say in the Middle East a pessimist is simply an optimist with experience.
If I were a Palestinian of the right age, I'd eventually join one of the terrorist organizations.
Assad wanted Israel to capitulate in advance to all his demands. Only then would he agree to enter into substantive negotiations. I couldn't agree to this.
An independent, strong, thriving and peaceful State of Israel is the vengeance of the dead.
Iran poses the most serious long-term threat to regional stability.
We want peace, but not at any price.
In Israel, generally speaking, politics is much more familiar than any other place. We all know each other.
I'm such a failed politician that all of my rivals have disappeared, on both sides.
I'm no wealthier than Bibi Netanyahu or Arik Sharon. I don't feel that I'm more hedonistic than Ehud Olmert, or Yitzhak Rabin or Shimon Peres.
I delivered lectures, and I was also a consultant for international companies in finance, both private equity and big venture capital funds.
I don't feel opportunistic ever, in anything.
Ladies and gentlemen, the relevant question is not when Iran will get the bomb. The relevant question is at what stage can we no longer stop Iran from getting the bomb.
The red line must be drawn on Iran's nuclear enrichment program because these enrichment facilities are the only nuclear installations that we can definitely see and credibly target.
Yes, the world is short of perfect.
I'm in the government to make sure that if there's an opportunity to make peace, it won't be missed.
History never repeats itself in the same way.
You can easily justify to anyone about the need to keep supporting Israel. We get very generous support. We need it.
Israel is much more effective when the Israelis are convinced that we are on the moral high ground: that we are acting not just out of might, but also out of right.
In Israel, there is a peace camp that can convene 200,000 people in central square of this city, on very short notice, and there is a major movement among academics, politicians, thinkers, and public leaders for peace, even at a painful price. On the Palestinian side, you can find them individually here and there, but there is no public movement.
I'm not afraid of elections. I've won every election I've fought in.
Either we destroy world terror or world terror will destroy us.
Sometimes you have to subordinate strategic considerations to tactical needs.
Israel is the strongest nation in the Middle East, but we have to apply our strength wisely.
War is no picnic. Wars should be prevented, and if you can't prevent them, you have to put them off.
I will not discuss future hypothetical situations.
One of the lessons learned in the Middle East is to never try to anticipate the other side's moves.
I cannot penetrate the soul of Arafat. I cannot know in advance whether, behind all the masks, he's the kind of leader who can reach an agreement or whether he wants to be the Moses of the Palestinians, staying in front of the river and not crossing into the promised land.
To think that you can - as a Zionist, Jewish independent state at the end of the 20th century - rule over another people for generations without having any consequences - it's ridiculous.
There is no entity in the world that will dare attack Israel with chemical weapons.
I am confident the Obama administration will work professionally with any Israeli government.
Iran sees India, China, Pakistan and, allegedly, Israel around them with nuclear weapons.
I tend not to believe radical Muslim movements.
I know Fiat plans to start manufacturing cars in Iran. This is wrong.
With the globalization, it's difficult for governments to impose decisions on private companies.
As prime minister, I was the Israeli leader who walked the greatest distance in his offers to the Palestinians.
Benjamin Netanyahu seems to avoid any initiative.
Once Iraq becomes a nuclear power, the very decision to go to war against it would become a totally different ball game.
Prime Minister Menachem Begin ordered the destruction of an Iraqi nuclear reactor near Baghdad in 1981. This action delayed an Iraqi bomb by at least 15 years. The whole world condemned Israel - only to realize later how farsighted it had been.
Saddam Hussein has set an example of defiance, especially against the first President Bush, that other Arab leaders cannot and should not emulate; the example leads only to empty gestures and developmental stagnation, both of which the Arab nations have had enough of already.
The aim of the Palestinian terror is not just to kill Israelis but also to break the will of Israeli society in order to dictate a political solution. Israel should never yield to this terror campaign.
If Israel does not find the way to disengage from the Palestinians, its future might resemble the experience of Belfast or Bosnia - two communities bleeding each other to death for generations.
Unfortunately, you cannot let your neck be kind of cut as a gesture for your neighbor, even if it's a good neighbor.
It's the role of a government to defend its soldiers and its citizens.
The Palestinian Authority cannot hold the stick at both ends: to incite violence, to participate in it, and to tell the world how - what kind of underdog they are.
I don't think that the Iranians, even if they got the bomb, they're going to drop it immediately on some neighbor. They fully understand what might follow. They're radical, but not total mishuginas.
I respect General Halutz very much so.
There is a perception across the Middle East that America is weakened. I believe the perception is wrong. The United States remains the world's mightiest military, economic and diplomatic power by far, with reach and abilities beyond rival.
I believe President Obama means everything he says about sticking to the unprecedented backing of Israel and keeping all options on the table against Tehran, as well as countering its adventures in Syria, Yemen, and Iraq.
A strong, responsible Israel can become a stabilizer in such a turbulent region.
Israel's secret services are allowed to profile.
When an army doesn't want to fight, you don't need much experience to win.
ISIS has never fought a real battle.
Russians in top positions always told me, 'We don't want to deal with our allies the way that the Americans dealt with Mubarak,' which is a very live example in the minds of many.
Israel always has a special filter to look at things, and that is the attitude toward Jews.
