Mexican,Statesman
Mexico is a mosaic of different realities and beauties.
One single visit is not enough to be able to say that you know Mexico.
Mexico has lost its leadership, and a lot of that has to do with its poor performance and the lack of better results in our country.
Behind every crime is a story of sadness.
Education reform has as its main purpose to make sure that the education delivered is of quality.
Free trade, far from protectionism, is the path that we should take to make Latin America a thriving actor in the global economy.
Important reserves of natural resources, like petroleum and precious metals, are the bulwarks for laying the foundations for the future.
Mexico urgently needs a series of structural reforms that will detonate its true economic potential for once and generate more public welfare.
In a democratic society, we politicians have to accept criticism, especially when it is founded.
There is no doubt a president has to govern for everyone.
I will run an open government that speaks with honesty, seeks opinion, listens to its citizens.
In the Mexico we want, there is no room for corruption, for cover-ups, and least of all for impunity.
There are a great number of Mexicans who live every day worried about the lack of employment and opportunities. Those conditions also damage the image of Mexico abroad, and that is the Mexico that must be transformed.
I propose changing fear for hope. I propose changing Mexico.
I will maintain the presence of a Mexican Army, and the Navy and police in the states of the Mexican Republic, where the problem of crime has increased.
I may not remember the name of a book's author, but let it be clear, what I will not forget is the violence, the poverty and the desperation that Mexico is living through.
There is an opportunity to consolidate the North American region as a more competitive region, a more productive region that will be more competitive than other blocs that have integrated in the rest of the world.
One of the big goals of my administration will be to reposition Mexico again as an emerging power.
I believe the conditions are very favorable for Mexico to grow. I'm very optimistic.
I'm not going to work so that Pena Nieto is the best known or most recognized in the world. I'm going to work so that Mexico has results.
Do you agree that when there's tension and an obsession to want to hit the ball is when you hit it worst? You have to be loose.
I will be the government of increasing economic growth and creating jobs. Take it from me that that's the main issue.
I believe the state needs to control hydrocarbons.
There are many commitments I have made for reducing poverty. One is to reform social security. Social security reaches only 44 percent of Mexicans. One of my goals is to give social security to all the people.
My interest is to establish an agenda of engagement with Mexicans that will respond to Mexicans' most urgent needs.
If I'm the president, I will call in all the different political opinions to come together and to make one front to the benefit of Mexico.
The level of credit in Mexico has shown to be low. And where credit concentrates the most favors large corporations and not companies.
Specifically, the U.S. holds strength. Its own context makes it a very competitive country, but I believe that if we recognize how interdependent the U.S. with its neighbors from the North and the South, we are part of NAFTA, a trade agreement.
I believe that Mexico, geographically, is located in a privileged position. We serve as the meeting point with North America and the rest of Latin America.
Every time you go for more competition, some people don't like it, but that's the way it is.
Pemex becomes a productive company of the state, but it will have competition and can make associations with the private sector.
There is no evidence that terrorists use Mexico to cross into the United States. There have been comments to that regard, but not one of those statements has contained hard evidence.
Pemex will remain 100 percent Mexican.
My only definition is that I am a pragmatist.
Mexico has perhaps, in some ways, a good practice, in which it has officials devoted precisely to hold those children, to retain those children that are crossing through our territory, who are coming from Central America.
Mexico has shelters, which care for children trying to cross the border, who have no company with them.
Once every 12 years there is a unique opportunity to reinforce the bonds between Mexico and the United States, when our presidential election cycles coincide.
Acting aggressively will allow our youth to aspire for better-paid jobs and find alternatives to criminality.
We have been using foreign affairs ministries to address security issues, but this practice is outdated. It's time to assign the handling of regional security to national organizations and expert institutions.
By increasing productivity and becoming more competitive, we will be able to offer better opportunities and improve the standard of living for all Mexicans.
The North American Free Trade Agreement marked a fundamental change in the global trade scheme.
If we don't make sure that Mexico can offer potential investors more input, they'll stop coming to Mexico. They'll go to the United States or other places where it is more economically viable to carry out their projects.
Whenever there are some who have more opportunities than others, this feeds corruption.
U.S. politicians are increasingly recognizing the relevance of the Hispanic vote in U.S. politics.
In terms of the espionage, this is something I have talked to President Obama about. We don't want it to mar the relationship between Mexico and the United States. But it is unacceptable for a country to practice such espionage, especially if there is a good relationship with the other country.
I really don't like to read.
I hope for my children, and for all Mexicans, that they can be proud to be Mexican, proud of their heritage, and proud that they have a peaceful, inclusive, vibrant country that is playing a role in the world.
Politics is an instrument that can transform society.
I think a good relationship that Mexico could maintain with the United States and vice versa should be based on trust, on opening - openness and constant dialogue that would allow us essentially to define, share objectives and to work towards those so as to avoid activities which are not known to the other government.
What Mexico City cannot do and my country cannot do is to allow us to be intimidated, the authorities to be intimidated, by organized crime.
Mexico is a safe country.
Mexico has proven by now that it's a strong electoral democracy. Now we have to build a democracy that produces better results; if not, then you get a democracy of disenchantment.
To get elected in Mexico today, you have to compete like any democracy, and you don't do that by being manipulated.
Without better economic opportunity, you can't have better public security and vice versa.
I see myself as a family man.
I have publicly talked about Mexico's need to open ourselves up to the participation of the private sector in the energy sector, however this doesn't mean privatizing state-run companies.
Politics and more politics - that's how you work towards the building of agreements.
I think it is fundamental to understand that the ethics of politics indicate that you should concentrate your efforts on those marginalized people who live in poverty with few opportunities to develop individually.
I love to go to Acapulco with my family.
I have read a number of books, starting with novels, that I particularly liked.
It's obvious that Pemex doesn't have the financial capacity to be in every single front of energy generation.
I believe immigration reform is a commitment of President Obama's government, especially since it gives him a chance to respond to the great demand expressed by U.S. Hispanic voters.
The coalition is a model that has no place in a presidential regime such as in Mexico. It fits in parliamentary models, but Mexico has a presidential regime.
Society judges political parties based on the results that they give. When they don't meet the population's needs, when they are not up to expectations, that leaves society free to pick other parties.
Mexico cannot put up with this scenario of death and kidnapping.
