Filipino,Statesman
Leadership is the other side of the coin of loneliness, and he who is a leader must always act alone. And acting alone, accept everything alone.
My countrymen: we have reached a turning point in our history. The choice is yours. Shall we venture into this brave new world, bright with possibilities, or retreat to the safety of our familiar but sterile past? I am for crossing the frontier.
Once a champion, always a champion.
The one indisputable reality of dictatorship is that dissent, insult, and malevolent language do not go unpunished if it is allowed at all.
To write our constitution is for the past, the present, and the future to come together all at once in one single motion, in one single heave, one single cry. For we correct the errors of the past and chart a new course for the future, based on the experience of the present.
I am not afraid to go to jail.
Filipino talents and skills are becoming ubiquitous in many parts of the world. Returning Filipino workers have helped improve our skills and technological standards.
To preserve our sovereign integrity, we must prove to them nobody need tell us how to hold a clean and democratic election.
Let us not be so naive as to think that revolution is just a matter of social or economic discontent.
I'll take my destiny, whatever that may be, but I'm going to fight for my dignity and my honor.
There are many things we do not want about the world. Let us not just mourn them. Let us change them.
I do not care how brave a president is; I do not care how many medals he may wear. I do not care how well trained his guards may be. If he violates the will of the people, he shall be eliminated.
I often wonder what I will be remembered in history for. Scholar? Military hero? Builder?
History should not be left to the historians. Rather, be like Churchill. Make history, and then write it.
Freedom is not just declared; it is exercised.
Little boys have amazing minds.
Whatever be the challenges, whatever be the obstacles before us, I say to you as I say to everybody else that we will overcome.
The permissiveness of society must be balanced with authoritativeness.
We do not postpone the participation of the lower classes of our people in the profits of economic enterprise, and in other countries, they do postpone it. In the long run, I think our policy is better, and we stand by it.
We have no quarrel with a policy that seeks to support human rights.
President Reagan has no enemies in the Phillipines.
I have been called brave in my time, but brave as I may have been against foreign invaders, I have no heart to shed Filipino blood.
America must realize, there are conditions she must accept in Asia. The first is a diversity of Asian cultures, governments, economic and political systems; the second, that to run against the tide of Asian nationalism is worse than impractical - it is also highly dangerous.
Filipinos are not worse than any other colonized people except that our colonization was a little longer, and the independence movement was always dictated in political terms, never in social ones. We borrowed terms, but we didn't understand them.
Authority has to exist before it can be limited, and it is authority that is in scarce supply in those modernizing countries where government is at the mercy of alienated intellectuals, rambunctious colonels, and rioting students.
I can feel it in my bones that no matter what we do, even if we do not do anything, the revolutionary government of Madame Cory Aquino will collapse.
