French,Statesman
We have chased away the clouds, the sky is all 'rose.'
Being in the European Union has its advantages, and I think that is what the British are beginning to understand, what those who are tempted by the Brexit are going to reflect upon.
I can't separate the fight with terrorism and the fight against global warming. These are two big global challenges we have to face up to because we have to leave our children more than a world free of terror; we also owe them a planet protected from catastrophes.
Austerity need not be Europe's fate.
In an election, one needs both hope and audacity.
When I took part in European leaders summits, it was sometimes unpleasant for me to hear Romanian, Polish, Portuguese, and Italian friends speak English, although I admit that on an informal basis, first contacts can be made in this language. Nevertheless, I will defend everywhere the use of the French language.
As much as I believe in the Franco-German partnership, I question the idea of a duopoly. European construction is based on a well-balanced and respectful partnership between France and Germany.
I am not deaf. I hear the anger. I see the dissatisfaction, and I have to go faster.
The British people have decided to leave. It is a sad decision but one which I respect. The vote puts the European Union in difficulties. It must recognise its shortfalls.
I am the president of the youth of France.
One thing that makes France different from other countries is the tradition of social solidarity. People from all backgrounds and political positions are willing to contribute for services and protection of society as a whole - but on the condition that money is being spent effectively and that everyone is paying their part.
The arguments in the Brexit vote and in the American presidential campaign are about the same. In a friendly way, may I also give some advice to the American people to make the right choice when the moment comes.
France is no longer herself when she is folded in on herself, tormented by ignorance and intolerance. The country would plunge into decline if it refused to be itself, if it was afraid of the future, afraid of the world.
Everyone must understand that you can't demand solidarity when there's a problem and shirk your duties when there are solutions.
There cannot be any concessions on the matter of human rights or the criteria for visa liberalisation.
Our common responsibility is to put Europe's interests first.
I want the French people to respect values that allow each individual to practice his or her faith, but in the frame of our common rules of secularism.
The world owes an ecological debt to the African continent.
The fight against global warming is a humanitarian issue - how the planet can be preserved - and it is also an issue of considerable economic importance, of what we call green growth.
Whoever pays should control; whoever pays should sanction. I agree. But budgetary union should be completed by a partial mutualisation of debts through eurobonds.
Before you, I engage myself to serve my country with the devotion and the exemplary that this post demands. I understand responsibilities of the job and, as such, I give a republican salute to Nicolas Sarkozy who has led France for 5 years and who deserves all of our respect.
I don't know if you can hear me, but I have heard you. I heard your willingness to change. Your force, your hope... and I want to tell you how grateful I am. Thank you, thank you, thank you, people of France.
Islamist terrorism has declared war against us, against France, Europe, the entire world.
People are tired of constant movement, improvisation, and wild scrambling when plans fail.
Nothing was given to me, nothing was entrusted to me, nothing was assigned to me. Everything I have, I took by right.
I don't want to drive the markets crazy. I don't want to create trouble, but rather order and rules and norms. We have to struggle against financial excesses, those who speculate with sovereign debt, those who develop financial products which have done so much harm.
What is happening in the Sahel for the past several months is that terrorists have structured themselves, have installed themselves. It's not simply a menace for west Africa.
An education program is, by definition, a societal program. Work should be done at school, rather than at home.
Everyone says Francois Mitterrand had huge charisma. But before he was president they used to call him badly dressed, old, archaic and say he knew nothing about the economy... until the day he was elected. It's called universal suffrage. When you're elected, you become the person that embodies France.
My adversary is the world of finance.
We find ourselves in a difficult situation in Europe. There's a crisis, weak growth, unemployment... my duty is to ensure that by the end of my mandate France is in a better state than it was at the beginning.
During a term in office there are highs and lows, but what counts is that the goal is set as well as the means to achieve it, and the force we put into getting results.
France isn't just any country in Europe, and its president is not an ordinary leader in the world. Sometimes directing or leading the way is not enough, he has to initiate policies, as Nicolas Sarkozy was able to demonstrate during his term.
I perfectly understood President Obama's attitude throughout the French presidential campaign. He had no reason to distance himself from Nicolas Sarkozy. It's the basic solidarity that leaders who worked together owe to each other.
Europe needs an engine, and the Franco-German motor has provided that when the two nations have converged on important topics during critical periods. But that partnership shouldn't be a directorate for other EU members.
We need the help of other member countries and leaders who, like us, want to see a change in Europe's direction. That's also my logic when I tell voters that electing me president will not only shape France's future, but also initiate change across all of Europe.
My goal is to put France back on its feet. I have to put this country back on its feet.
I don't want to leave my successor and my children to pay for France's debt.
We are a big country, with lots of advantages and history. We are proud to be French. We have to call on patriotism at this time... to ask for an effort in the battle against debt.
I know where I'm going and I have told the French. I am sure if hope is there, we will be able to put France back on its feet... to live better in five years than we do today.
I think that France has not made it clear enough recently to our German friends how important it is to introduce euro bonds as a tool against speculation. And how the necessary budget discipline needs to be accompanied by growth.
I don't want euro bonds that serve to mutualize the entire debt of the countries in the euro zone. That can only work in the longer-term. I want euro bonds to be used to finance targeted investments in future-oriented growth projects. It isn't the same thing. Let's call them 'project bonds' instead of euro bonds.
If I become president, France will not continue with the same policies as under Nicolas Sarkozy - both in domestic policy and in foreign and European policy.
Not in the constitution, but I would propose a law to the French parliament that provides for reducing the budget deficit year by year, until we have reached a balanced budget by 2017.
I don't like indecent, unearned wealth. But it is legitimate for an entrepreneur who has created something to make a good living.
I am for a clear distinction between public and private life. I believe private matters should be regulated in private and I have asked those close to me to respect this.
I have defended the interests of France at the G8 in Washington; afterwards I was at Chicago to announce the withdrawal of French troops from Afghanistan; I have participated in two European summits, so I have fully respected the engagements I made to the French.
My mission is to put France back on its feet. The priority is employment. Efforts have to be made, but those efforts must be made fairly.
I attach the greatest importance to an amplification of the peace efforts in the Middle East. I would also like to see a greater dialogue between the U.S. and the EU.
The transatlantic relationship is vital for both our countries: France will remain a reliable ally of the United States. Nevertheless, ally does not mean aligned.
The United Nations will be at the heart of our international activities. France will assume its full responsibilities at the Security Council by putting its status at the service of peace, respect for human rights and development.
To be influential in tomorrow's world, to defend our values and our development model, France needs Europe and Europe needs France.
A jolt is necessary. Europe must reaffirm it values of freedom, solidarity, peace. The EU must be understood and controlled by its citizens. I will do everything to secure profound change rather than decline.
Doesn't everyone have their hair done?
I do not like the rich.
Sport allows people to come together, but politics divides people.
I support the French team - I go to all their matches - but I don't want to use sport for politics. That's not good for sport or for politics.
France, because it was attacked cowardly, shamelessly, violently, France will be merciless against the barbarians of Daesh.
I bow down in memory of the victims, and I come to tell my Armenian friends that we will never forget the tragedies that your people has endured.
Though Africa is not responsible for emitting greenhouse gases, it is suffering the consequences of climate change.
It is intolerable that in our country citizens should feel so upset and under assault because of their religious choice that they would conclude that they have to hide.
Transatlantic links are very important.
The Republic will not be destroyed by terrorism.
The Republic will destroy terrorism.
Europe existed before Britain joined it.
I hope Britain stays in the European Union, but I don't want to decide for the British.
I can understand countries don't want to join the euro, but they cannot impede the consolidation and strengthening of the eurozone.
If Europe does not advance, it will fall or even be wiped out from the world map... My duty is to bring Europe out of its lethargy.
A country outside the euro zone cannot have a veto over countries in the euro zone.
Muslims in France should be able to practice their religion freely and safely.
I've got a thick skin.
Be happy, be proud, be generous, be respectful, be proud to be French citizens.
France wants Britain to remain in the E.U.; indeed, how can we imagine that friendly nation that is our ally and played a role on the international stage could be outside the E.U.?
If the discussion centres on the essential principle of the E.U., the free movement of people and the ability to make decisions together, in that case, we don't want treaty change.
If there is not a united policy, this mechanism will not work: it will collapse, and it will... undoubtedly be the end of Schengen, the return of national borders.
I will not give way because too many previous governments have backed down.
I prefer that people remember me as a president who made reforms rather than a president who did nothing.
I ask to be judged on the issue of unemployment.
A compromise appears out of reach on the stripping of terrorists' nationality.
France needs to improve training and education and the level of skills of its workforce.
The real threat comes from terrorism.
When we live longer, we must work a little bit longer.
It's not for Germany to decide for the rest of Europe.
My security is assured everywhere, and at any moment.
When I travel officially... and when I travel on a private basis, I have protection that is less suffocating. But I am protected everywhere.
Everyone must be in the same competitive situation, including on the fiscal level.
China... has the capacity to ensure its stability and growth.
The extremists wanted to divide France; it came together.
There must be protection of the external borders.
To resolve the climate crisis, good will, statements of intent are not enough. We are at breaking point.
Our enemy in Syria is Daesh: it's not about containing but destroying this organisation.
ISIL struck France because it is 'free' and 'the nation of human rights'. This is not a war of civilisation, as these assassins don't have any. This is a war against the jihadist menace that threatens not just France.
Daesh is the enemy of Europe, and Europe cannot live with the idea that the crises that surround it don't have an effect on it.
The migrant question is directly linked to the crisis in Syria and Iraq.
Very strong declarations were made by those countries who are most responsible for global warming... the United States and China, which undertook commitments towards changing the situation.
Make no mistake: we will win, and groups like ISIL will lose.
Europe must be understood and controlled by its citizens.
Europe must act quickly where it's needed and must, once and for all, let member states handle what is their exclusive domain.
I noticed that parts of the opposition have been hostile to any revision of the constitution.
There must be pressure on Moscow so that we have negotiations. Moscow will not succeed by unilaterally backing Bashar al-Assad.
We must do everything to ensure that the Euro 2016 is a success.
We want the United Kingdom to remain in the European Union.
France has been struck on the day of her national holiday - the 14th of July, Bastille Day - the symbol of liberty, because human rights are denied by fanatics, and France is clearly their target.
We will continue to hit those who threaten us.
Calling into question the Touquet deal on the pretext that Britain has voted for Brexit and will have to start negotiations to leave the union doesn't make sense.
We must not lose time, neither for dealing in a suitable way with the question of the United Kingdom's exit, nor for providing a new impetus for the E.U.
The concept of the terrorists is to plunge our country into division.
We are absolutely clear: when these unaccompanied minors have a family link in the United Kingdom, then they must go to the United Kingdom. And they must go quickly and in an efficient fashion.
Faced with terror, France must be strong, it must be great, and the state authorities must be firm.
What the terrorists want is to scare us and fill us with dread.
Long live the Republic, and long live France.
My policies are producing results and will produce even more.
Things are going better: there is more growth, less deficit, more competitiveness, better margins for companies, more purchasing power for workers.
Our biggest threat is not too much Europe, but too little.
The best thing the Democrats can do is to get Hillary Clinton elected.
Whatever happened during the French presidential campaign will leave no hard feelings. I perfectly understand why Angela Merkel supported Nicolas Sarkozy because of the action they have taken together, even though I have questioned its results, and because of their shared political sensibility.
The partnerships between Schmidt and Giscard, Kohl and Mitterrand, and even between Chirac and Schroeder, have proved that political differences do not mean that we cannot work together.
We need intelligence services to fight against terrorism, but they have to respect the principles of good relationships between allies and protect personal, confidential data.
The first time that I went to the United States was in 1974. I was 20 years old. America was in crisis.
Our only goal is to strengthen the opposition and to avoid the dilemma whereby we only have the choice between Bashar Assad and al-Qaeda.
In August 2012, the international community should have been far more determined in dealing with the Bashar Assad regime.
I must demonstrate I'm closer to people - a simpler, calmer presence, yet someone who can also make decisions and obtain promised results.
People need to see signs of equal treatment across society.
Private life is always, at certain times, a challenge.
In my own situation, I cannot show anything... And I believe that everybody now understands that, president or not president, one is entitled to have a private life. But of course when one is president, this creates duties and obligations.
