Uruguayan,Statesman
My lifestyle is a consequence of my wounds. I'm the son of my history.
Poor people are those who only work to try to keep an expensive lifestyle and always want more and more.
When you have a lot of solitude, any living thing becomes a companion.
I'll shout it if they want: Down with isms! Up with a Left that is capable of thinking outside the box! In other words, I am more than completely cured of simplifications, of dividing the world into good and evil, of thinking in black and white. I have repented!
If we lived within our means - by being prudent - the 7 billion people in the world could have everything they needed. Global politics should be moving in that direction. But we think as people and countries, not as a species.
The world will always need revolution. That doesn't mean shooting and violence. A revolution is when you change your thinking. Confucianism and Christianity were both revolutionary.
All my life I've been rowing against the tide. What can I do? It seems I was born that way.
My years in jail were a bit like a workshop for my - that actually forged my way of thinking and my values.
No addiction is good.
I have the goal of getting together 30 or 40 poor kids and bringing them to live with me.
The fight against the drug smuggling is lost worldwide.
Publicly, I've never talked about Argentina.
If you don't have many possessions, then you don't need to work all your life like a slave to sustain them, and therefore you have more time for yourself.
The world cries out for global rules that respect the achievements of science.
I give myself the luxury of saying what I want.
I'm called 'the poorest president', but I don't feel poor.
Does this planet have enough resources so seven or eight billion can have the same level of consumption and waste that today is seen in rich societies? It is this level of hyper-consumption that is harming our planet.
I learned that one can always start again.
We can't avoid that our daily and intimate manner of speaking is sometimes rough.
The goatherds were the poorest people of Spain. Probably, they were the richest.
I don't want to be an apologist for poverty, but I can't stand waste, useless spending, wasted energy and having to live squandering stuff.
Any North American state is more important than Uruguay, in dimensions, in its economic force.
There are people who say that you can't experiment... That condemns you to failure.
I know prisons from the inside.
Fascism in Uruguay did not begin just with the military coup of 1973, but years before, even when there was still a government with a constitution and parliament.
The kids of today have to be better than us. We must strive to create tools adequate for human beings that come with other things that are, at least, different from those we used to have.
