Roman,Statesman
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness.
True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.
A happy life is one which is in accordance with its own nature.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
All cruelty springs from weakness.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Life's like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.
It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity.
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
A physician is not angry at the intemperance of a mad patient, nor does he take it ill to be railed at by a man in fever. Just so should a wise man treat all mankind, as a physician does his patient, and look upon them only as sick and extravagant.
Life is the fire that burns and the sun that gives light. Life is the wind and the rain and the thunder in the sky. Life is matter and is earth, what is and what is not, and what beyond is in Eternity.
Wisdom does not show itself so much in precept as in life - in firmness of mind and a mastery of appetite. It teaches us to do as well as to talk; and to make our words and actions all of a color.
As long as you live, keep learning how to live.
A sword never kills anybody; it is a tool in the killer's hand.
You learn to know a pilot in a storm.
The wish for healing has always been half of health.
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it.
No man was ever wise by chance.
When we are well, we all have good advice for those who are ill.
If you would judge, understand.
A man's as miserable as he thinks he is.
In war there is no prize for runner-up.
Shall I tell you what the real evil is? To cringe to the things that are called evils, to surrender to them our freedom, in defiance of which we ought to face any suffering.
No one can be happy who has been thrust outside the pale of truth. And there are two ways that one can be removed from this realm: by lying, or by being lied to.
There are more things to alarm us than to harm us, and we suffer more often in apprehension than reality.
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary.
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
A quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party; there is no battle unless there be two.
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.
No great genius has ever existed without some touch of madness.
There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage.
Precepts or maxims are of great weight; and a few useful ones on hand do more to produce a happy life than the volumes we can't find.
All art is but imitation of nature.
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough.
If you wished to be loved, love.
Ignorant people see life as either existence or non-existence, but wise men see it beyond both existence and non-existence to something that transcends them both; this is an observation of the Middle Way.
Everywhere is nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends.
In war, when a commander becomes so bereft of reason and perspective that he fails to understand the dependence of arms on Divine guidance, he no longer deserves victory.
I don't trust liberals, I trust conservatives.
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.
Consult your friend on all things, especially on those which respect yourself. His counsel may then be useful where your own self-love might impair your judgment.
Anger is like those ruins which smash themselves on what they fall.
It is the sign of a great mind to dislike greatness, and to prefer things in measure to things in excess.
Even after a bad harvest there must be sowing.
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money; and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.
Our plans miscarry because they have no aim. When a man does not know what harbor he is making for, no wind is the right wind.
If you judge, investigate.
The approach of liberty makes even an old man brave.
When I think over what I have said, I envy dumb people.
What nature requires is obtainable, and within easy reach. It is for the superfluous we sweat.
Poverty wants some, luxury many, and avarice all things.
No evil propensity of the human heart is so powerful that it may not be subdued by discipline.
The heart is great which shows moderation in the midst of prosperity.
If thou art a man, admire those who attempt great things, even though they fail.
See how many are better off than you are, but consider how many are worse.
One must steer, not talk.
It's not because things are difficult that we dare not venture. It's because we dare not venture that they are difficult.
A punishment to some, to some a gift, and to many a favor.
Health is the soul that animates all the enjoyments of life, which fade and are tasteless without it.
He who does not prevent a crime when he can, encourages it.
The good things of prosperity are to be wished; but the good things that belong to adversity are to be admired.
Crime when it succeeds is called virtue.
I will govern my life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one and read the other, for what does it signify to make anything a secret to my neighbor, when to God, who is the searcher of our hearts, all our privacies are open?
That is never too often repeated, which is never sufficiently learned.
Whatever is well said by another, is mine.
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes.
Believe me, that was a happy age, before the days of architects, before the days of builders.
Every sin is the result of a collaboration.
He who is brave is free.
He that does good to another does good also to himself.
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable.
Wisdom allows nothing to be good that will not be so forever; no man to be happy but he that needs no other happiness than what he has within himself; no man to be great or powerful that is not master of himself.
Every reign must submit to a greater reign.
Constant exposure to dangers will breed contempt for them.
He who dreads hostility too much is unfit to rule.
Whatever one of us blames in another, each one will find in his own heart.
Genius always gives its best at first; prudence, at last.
It is true greatness to have in one the frailty of a man and the security of a god.
Night brings our troubles to the light, rather than banishes them.
Life is warfare.
Shame may restrain what law does not prohibit.
Time discovers truth.
The way is long if one follows precepts, but short... if one follows patterns.
What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have amounts to much more.
It is the failing of youth not to be able to restrain its own violence.
Whatever fortune has raised to a height, she has raised only to cast it down.
The bad fortune of the good turns their faces up to heaven; the good fortune of the bad bows their heads down to the earth.
A great mind becomes a great fortune.
Consider, when you are enraged at any one, what you would probably think if he should die during the dispute.
Every man prefers belief to the exercise of judgment.
He who has great power should use it lightly.
True praise comes often even to the lowly; false praise only to the strong.
No untroubled day has ever dawned for me.
One crime has to be concealed by another.
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you.
Nothing is void of God, his work is everywhere his full of himself.
A well governed appetite is the greater part of liberty.
To keep oneself safe does not mean to bury oneself.
The first step in a person's salvation is knowledge of their sin.
Do not ask for what you will wish you had not got.
I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good.
A large part of mankind is angry not with the sins, but with the sinners.
Slavery takes hold of few, but many take hold of slavery.
There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals.
You must live for another if you wish to live for yourself.
I never come back home with the same moral character I went out with; something or other becomes unsettled where I had achieved internal peace; some one or other of the things I had put to flight reappears on the scene.
Behold a worthy sight, to which the God, turning his attention to his own work, may direct his gaze. Behold an equal thing, worthy of a God, a brave man matched in conflict with evil fortune.
Nothing becomes so offensive so quickly as grief. When fresh it finds someone to console it, but when it becomes chronic, it is ridiculed, and rightly.
The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it.
Great grief does not of itself put an end to itself.
We should give as we would receive, cheerfully, quickly, and without hesitation; for there is no grace in a benefit that sticks to the fingers.
No man enjoys the true taste of life, but he who is ready and willing to quit it.
Everything is the product of one universal creative effort. There is nothing dead in Nature. Everything is organic and living, and therefore the whole world appears to be a living organism.
God is the universal substance in existing things. He comprises all things. He is the fountain of all being. In Him exists everything that is.
Call it Nature, Fate, Fortune; all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
Where fear is, happiness is not.
A great fortune is a great slavery.
Shun no toil to make yourself remarkable by some talent or other; yet do not devote yourself to one branch exclusively. Strive to get clear notions about all. Give up no science entirely; for science is but one.
There is a noble manner of being poor, and who does not know it will never be rich.
There is no delight in owning anything unshared.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
Successful and fortunate crime is called virtue.
We often want one thing and pray for another, not telling the truth even to the gods.
Those who boast of their descent, brag on what they owe to others.
He has committed the crime who profits by it.
Death is the wish of some, the relief of many, and the end of all.
A person's fears are lighter when the danger is at hand.
There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it.
The display of grief makes more demands than grief itself. How few men are sad in their own company.
May be is very well, but Must is the master. It is my duty to show justice without recompense.
It is more fitting for a man to laugh at life than to lament over it.
Modesty forbids what the law does not.
That which is given with pride and ostentation is rather an ambition than a bounty.
Why do I not seek some real good; one which I could feel, not one which I could display?
It makes a great deal of difference whether one wills not to sin or has not the knowledge to sin.
Whenever the speech is corrupted so is the mind.
When an author is too meticulous about his style, you may presume that his mind is frivolous and his content flimsy.
No one is laughable who laughs at himself.
What is true belongs to me!
Light troubles speak; the weighty are struck dumb.
He who has made a fair compact with poverty is rich.
It is the superfluous things for which men sweat, - superfluous things that wear our togas theadbare, that force us to grow old in camp, that dash us upon foreign shores.
