American,Statesman
A lot of people think international relations is like a game of chess. But it's not a game of chess, where people sit quietly, thinking out their strategy, taking their time between moves. It's more like a game of billiards, with a bunch of balls clustered together.
It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent.
Jewelry and pins have been worn throughout history as symbols of power, sending messages. Interestingly enough, it was mostly men who wore the jewelry in various times, and obviously crowns were part of signals that were being sent throughout history by people of rank.
The capability of negotiating... is something that means you not only have to understand fully what you believe and what your national interests are but in order to be a really good negotiator, you have to try to figure out what the other person on the other side of the table has in mind.
Hillary Clinton will always be there for you. And just remember - there's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other.
I do believe that in order to be a successful negotiator that as a diplomat, you have to be able to put yourself into the other person's shoes. Unless you can understand what is motivating them, you are never going to be able to figure out how to solve a particular problem.
The best book, like the best speech, will do it all - make us laugh, think, cry and cheer - preferably in that order.
Saddam's goal is to achieve the lifting of U.N. sanctions while retaining and enhancing Iraq's weapons of mass destruction programs. We cannot, we must not and we will not let him succeed.
No matter what message you are about to deliver somewhere, whether it is holding out a hand of friendship, or making clear that you disapprove of something, is the fact that the person sitting across the table is a human being, so the goal is to always establish common ground.
My mind-set is Munich. Most of my generation's is Vietnam.
I think that a president needs to have a variety of views presented. But also, there has to be a team effort, because otherwise, I think it creates a dissonance and difficulty.
I think that we all know what evil is. We have a sense of what's evil, and certainly killing innocent people is evil. We're less sure about what is good. There's sort of good, good enough, could be better - but absolute good is a little harder to define.
As a leader, you have to have the ability to assimilate new information and understand that there might be a different view.
I was a little girl in World War II and I'm used to being freed by Americans.
What a blast it is to be here with Michael Moore.
You think that the heads of state only have serious conversations, but they actually often begin really with the weather or, 'I really like your tie.'
Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me.
Life is grim, and we don't have to be grim all the time.
I have said this many times, that there seems to be enough room in the world for mediocre men, but not for mediocre women, and we really have to work very, very hard.
I have been in meetings where a head of state will say, 'I like your tie,' to a man... or, 'I like your country because the weather's good,' or whatever. So for me, the pins in some ways were openers.
If we have to use force, it is because we are America. We are the indispensable nation. We stand tall. We see further into the future.
Hate, emotionalism, and frustration are not policies.
And so I think that the idea of America working with other countries to solve problems is good for us, and it is part of digging us out of the 'my way or the highway' approach that was evident in the previous eight years.
I think that there is never an indispensable leader, you know? I think that there is a time with dignity that one needs to leave.
Women can't do everything at the same time, we need to understand milestones in our lives comes in segments.
One of the issues I kept saying to my students is you have to learn to interrupt. When you raise your hand at a meeting, by the time they get to you, the point is not germane. So the bottom line is active listening. If you are going to interrupt, you look for opportunities. You have to know what you're talking about.
No matter how hard we might wish, we will not be able to transform China's behavior overnight.
I believe that my parents did wonderful things for us.
I did go to Wellesley, a women's college. And I am of a kind of strange generation which is transitional in terms of women who wanted to go out and get jobs.
I didn't want to set up a women's studies program. I thought women should learn to operate in a coeducational atmosphere, because, especially in national security and international affairs, it's male-dominated.
I think women are really good at making friends and not good at networking. Men are good at networking and not necessarily making friends. That's a gross generalization, but I think it holds in many ways.
This is pure speculation, but for a period of time, a lot of getting into a party was through fundraising and volunteer work, and Republican women had more time to do that than democratic women, who were out there getting jobs.
I loved what I did. I could've been secretary of state for ever.
I can't go out with a Republican.
I can't imagine what it is like to be raised in a society where their only statues that exist are to you and your father.
And so I have studied, I have to tell you, revolutions and uprisings for a long time. They are all slightly different, but what they all look for is some kind of a mechanism to go from an authoritarian system to an open, democratic system.
The day-to-day making of policy is arguing all the time. You're trying to get the right approach and the right answer, and there are moments that aren't very pleasant. But in the end, you look at the overall product.
I think the personal relationships I established mattered in terms of what I was able to get done. And I did bring women's issues to the center of our foreign policy.
Most of the time I spend when I get up in the morning is trying to figure out what is going to happen.
I really think that there was a great advantage in many ways to being a woman. I think we are a lot better at personal relationships, and then have the capability obviously of telling it like it is when it's necessary.
I have always thought of myself as a Czechoslovak Catholic.
My parents were of the generation who thought they were the children of a free Czechoslovakia, the only democracy in central Europe.
The U.N. bureaucracy has grown to elephantine proportions. Now that the Cold War is over, we are asking that elephant to do gymnastics.
Because of my parents' love of democracy, we came to America after being driven twice from our home in Czechoslovakia - first by Hitler and then by Stalin.
People are finding it harder and harder to relate to foreign policy.
I hope I'm wrong, but I am afraid that Iraq is going to turn out to be the greatest disaster in American foreign policy - worse than Vietnam, not in the number who died, but in terms of its unintended consequences and its reverberation throughout the region.
I think I've revived the costume-jewelry industry.
Even before I went to the UN, I often would want to say something in a meeting - only woman at the table - and I'd think, 'OK well, I don't think I'll say that. It may sound stupid.' And then some man says it, and everybody thinks it's completely brilliant, and you are so mad at yourself for not saying something.
I am often asked if, when I was secretary, I had problems with foreign men. That is not who I had problems with, because I arrived in a very large plane that said United States of America. I had more problems with the men in our own government.
One of the things that was really an issue was I did not want to just be a woman secretary of state. I wanted to be a secretary of a state who was a woman, but not just chosen for that particular reason.
I have had fun being who I became, so to speak.
Nobody's ever said that pins are a tool of diplomacy.
It's important that we invest in America - literally. The terrorists wanted to destroy our economy, and we can't let our system fall apart. We also have to invest in one another.
As strong as the United States is, we can't deal with terrorism alone.
For somebody who loves foreign policy, being Secretary is the best job in the world - but it doesn't happen twice.
If you look at U.S. history through religious history, there is very much a motif that shows the importance religion has played in the U.S. We're a very religious country and it affects the way we look at various political issues.
It's one thing to be religious, but it's another thing to make religion your policy.
I loved being Secretary of State, that's probably evident to everyone who watched me.
I enjoy wearing pins, and nobody tells me to do it.
I'm a problem-solver.
To be safe at the expense of the liberty of other people is a difficult equation.
The greatest thrill in my life was to represent the United States of America.
I have always seen the United States as a force of good. And I have learned that there is the idealistic part about what we can do at the U.N. and there is a doable part. And I have learned what is more doable.
Don't make me into this airy-fairy, moralist, idealist because I'm not.
Really, I have to laugh because there was a whole set of stories that made me sound like the Dragon Lady, you know, 'tough this and tough that.' Then there is this business about 'gooey.' The bottom line is I am a pragmatic idealist.
I wasn't a normal professor. I had worked in government. I hadn't written nine zillion books. I was a hands-on professor.
I am such a political person.
I saw what happened when a dictator was allowed to take over a piece of a country and the country went down the tubes. And I saw the opposite during the war when America joined the fight.
For me, America is really, truly the indispensable nation.
I've never seen America as an imperialist or colonialist or meddling country.
I spent my life studying communism and Soviet systems.
And frankly, I don't understand - I mean, I'm obviously a card-carrying Democrat - but I can't understand why any woman would want to vote for Mitt Romney, except maybe Mrs. Romney.
So people are talking about revolution. What a revolution it would be to have a woman president.
When Hillary served in the Senate, I saw her work day and night as a member of the Armed Services Committee - working with Republicans and Democrats to keep our military strong and protect our troops and their families.
When Hillary served as Secretary of State, I watched her partner with President Obama to restore our country's reputation around the world.
Take it from someone who fled the Iron Curtain: I know what happens when you give the Russians a green light.
