Iranian,Statesman
Anybody who recognizes Israel will burn in the fire of the Islamic nation's fury.
Any nation has the right and will indeed defend herself.
The system of domination is founded on depriving nations of their true identity. It seeks to deprive nations of their culture, identity, self-confidence and in this way dominate them.
People should have freedom in their pilgrimages and tours. They should come and visit historical monuments and sites - let's say the sites around Iran - where they can easily engage in wide- scale contacts with others.
We do believe that freedom, the right to choose, the right to vote, respect and justice is the fundamental right of all people. All people must obtain these rights.
We desire an expansion of relations with regional states and the establishment of extensive public contacts.
Cooperation and collaboration among nations and countries can help in the process of development of promoting welfare as well as bringing peace and stability.
The wave of the Islamic revolution will soon reach the entire world.
The skirmishes in the occupied land are part of the war of destiny. The outcome of hundreds of years of war will be defined in Palestinian land.
Of course what is talked about in the U.N. General Assembly is very important. Officials, the leaders of nations, appear there to speak of the most important topics - what they perceive to be the most important topics.
Show me one dictatorship in the world that has not been supported by the United States government or some European governments. It almost doesn't exist. I think a dictatorship and hegemony are part of the same phenomenon.
I cannot determine what people or nations should do, but I do think that extremism gives birth to following and subsequent extremism.
The UN structure is one-sided, stacked against the world of Islam.
It is not just for a few states to sit and veto global approvals.
We believe that visa quotas should be lifted and people should visit anywhere they wish freely.
We see today that there is a growing understanding in the international community that the extremist regime in Tehran is not just Israel's problem, but rather an issue that the entire international community must grapple with.
Fundamentally, I do agree, certainly, people must be allowed to express their own opinions freely. Freedom is part of the essential rights of all nations.
The Zionists are very much, very adventuresome, very much seeking to fabricate things, and I think they see themselves at the end of the line, and I do firmly believe that they seek to create new opportunities for themselves and their adventurous behaviors.
I pass no judgment about historic events. I defend the human freedoms. Whatever event has taken place throughout history, or hasn't taken place, I cannot judge that.
Crime against the individual is the equivalent of crime against humanity.
For this reason, the expansion of relations with all countries is on the agenda of the Islamic Republic of Iran. I mean balanced relationships, based on mutual respect and observation of each other's rights.
Global equations undergo changes, this is their nature.
Today, the Muslim world is the poorest of the global powers.
Nuclear energy is the scientific achievement of the Iranian nation.
One can not impede scientific progress.
Technical knowledge has now become an integral aspect of the Iranian psyche.
