Nigerian,Statesman
Corruption, the greatest single bane of our society today.
Nigeria has no business with poverty. With our human and material resources, we shall strive to eradicate poverty from our country.
We will as soon as possible reexamine our laws and policies and eliminate all obstacles to genuine investment.
We regard America and Europe as old friends. We keep old friends, but we make new friends in Japan, India, and China.
Let me make a solemn pledge before all of you, before the whole world and before God, that I will devote all my energy and all I possess in my power to serve the people of Nigeria and humanity.
Fighting corruption is not a one-night affair.
When I left office in 1979, I was about the only one who had really left public office on my own.
My gut feelings and my faith tell me that until God shuts a door, no human can shut it.
Unfortunately, the true force which propels our endless political disputes, our constant struggles for political advantage, is often not our burning concern for democracy, it is often of our dedication to the principle of the rule of law.
I am a black man inside and outside and you are white men on the outside, but inside, you are Africans like me.
I want to take this opportunity to acknowledge that our foreign friends are welcome to join in our endeavor to develop the resources of our country.
I will not say the fact that there are no European Union observers at an election means that it will not be fair and free.
My joy knows no bounds... I will devote all my energy and all the powers available to me to the service of Nigeria and humanity.
Pope John Paul II not only visited Nigeria twice but stood by the country in its fight against dictatorship and injustice.
We will work to bring an element of stability to the price of oil.
What the oil producer gets paid is about 16 percent. The majority of it is tax, which in fairness to the government of this country they have accepted and admitted.
If I am not above the law, nobody in this country can then claim to be above the law.
There is no part of the world where corruption is absolutely eliminated.
The givers of most of the corruption in Africa are from outside Africa.
I believe God knew what he was doing when he put oil under our ground. It should be a means to an end.
