Filipino,Statesman
Love of country, subordination of personal interests to the common good, concern and care for the helpless and the impoverished - these are among the lost and faded values that we seek to recover and revitalize as we commence our journey towards a better Philippines.
No leader, however strong, can succeed at anything of national importance or significance unless he has the support and cooperation of the people he is tasked to lead and sworn to serve.
Human rights must work to uplift human dignity.
God does not discriminate against people, regardless of color, religion, social class, or gender and sexual preferences.
As a lawyer and a former prosecutor, I know the limits of the power and authority of the president. I know what is legal and what is not.
Freedom of expression is very important.
I will flight for the people until my last breath.
For every profanity, there's a story behind it. People should go beyond my cussing.
Lawyers are for only what is right.
Erosion of faith and trust in government - that is the real problem that confronts us.
Rich people are afraid to die.
I have to address the economic conditions of everybody, including, and perhaps first, those who are poor.
I really do not know. I really do not know how to solve the problem of the Philippines. I cannot be the savior of this republic.
You have to support the government, not to me personally; I do not want anyone cultivating loyalty to me. I don't like that.
Fate has many faces.
Destiny is not designed by mere mortals like us. It is crafted by God.
For the record, I believe in God, but I do not believe in religion, period.
Let me be very clear: my friendship with my friends ends where the interest of the country begins.
I am a lawyer and 22 years the mayor of Davao City. I served as congressman of the first district for one term, and I was vice mayor to my daughter, Inday.
Gamble until you die. I do not really care.
I am just an ordinary man.
I'm fine with gays. I have nothing against gays.
I have to build a new environment for the people. I will place them in ecozones and provide them assistance. I will build hospitals there. There will be economic activity.
I am a man of many flaws and contradictions.
The state must protect the media. In a democracy, the role of media is very important. In the absence of a credible opposition party, you can rely on the media.
Steel is needed everywhere.
It is really the angling in the media that I do not like. That is how media can be rotten.
Even money has a price.
I have no cancer. I have four illnesses, but they are not fatal.
I have this deep and abiding faith in God. But this does not mean that you have to have a religion or follow somebody.
I've always hated oppression.
Everyone gets sick, and everyone has to go.
