Statesman
Behold, my friends, the spring is come; the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!
Let us put our minds together and see what life we can make for our children.
Each man is good in His sight. It is not necessary for eagles to be crows.
What treaty that the whites have kept has the red man broken? Not one.
It is through this mysterious power that we too have our being, and we therefore yield to our neighbors, even to our animal neighbors, the same right as ourselves to inhabit this vast land.
They claim this mother of ours, the Earth, for their own use, and fence their neighbors away from her, and deface her with their buildings and their refuse.
It is not necessary for eagles to be crows.
I was very sorry when I found out that your intentions were good and not what I supposed they were.
Only seven years ago we made a treaty by which we were assured that the buffalo country should be left to us forever. Now they threaten to take that from us also.
In my early days, I was eager to learn and to do things, and therefore I learned quickly.
The earth has received the embrace of the sun and we shall see the results of that love.
If we must die, we die defending our rights.
This nation is like a spring freshet; it overruns its banks and destroys all who are in its path.
I am here by the will of the Great Spirit, and by his will I am chief.
Now that we are poor, we are free. No white man controls our footsteps.
What white man can say I never stole his land or a penny of his money? Yet they say that I am a thief.
What white man has ever seen me drunk? Who has ever come to me hungry and left me unfed? Who has seen me beat my wives or abuse my children? What law have I broken?
Is it wrong for me to love my own? Is it wicked for me because my skin is red? Because I am Sioux? Because I was born where my father lived? Because I would die for my people and my country?
Strangely enough, they have a mind to till the soil, and the love of possessions is a disease in them.
The white man knows how to make everything, but he does not know how to distribute it.
I am a red man. If the Great Spirit had desired me to be a white man he would have made me so in the first place.
When I was a boy, the Sioux owned the world. The sun rose and set on their land; they sent ten thousand men to battle. Where are the warriors today? Who slew them? Where are our lands? Who owns them?
They want us to give up another chunk of our tribal land. This is not the first time or the last time.
If I agree to dispose of any part of our land to the white people I would feel guilty of taking food away from our children's mouths, and I do not wish to be that mean.
I want to tell you that if the Great Spirit had chosen anyone to be the chief of this country, it is myself.
There are things they tell us that sound good to hear, but when they have accomplished their purpose they will go home and will not try to fulfill our agreements with them.
