Russian,Statesman
Sometimes it is necessary to be lonely in order to prove that you are right.
We need business to understand its social responsibility, that the main task and objective for a business is not to generate extra income and to become rich and transfer the money abroad, but to look and evaluate what a businessman has done for the country, for the people, on whose account he or she has become so rich.
Terrorism has no nationality or religion.
The ability to compromise is not a diplomatic politeness toward a partner but rather taking into account and respecting your partner's legitimate interests.
Those who fight corruption should be clean themselves.
It's a historical phenomenon that in 250 years, a nation could move from a colony into the most prosperous nation of the world and the leader of the world. It is indeed an achievement, a tribute to the talent of the American nation, the American people and an optimal political and economic system.
We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord's blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal.
Whoever does not miss the Soviet Union has no heart. Whoever wants it back has no brain.
The United Nations' founders understood that decisions affecting war and peace should happen only by consensus, and with America's consent, the veto by Security Council permanent members was enshrined in the United Nations Charter. The profound wisdom of this has underpinned the stability of international relations for decades.
The task of the government is not only to pour honey into a cup, but sometimes to give bitter medicine.
Everything will probably never be OK. But we have to try for it.
Russia is a part of European culture. Therefore, it is with difficulty that I imagine NATO as an enemy.
The centuries-old history and culture of India, majestic architectural monuments and museums of Delhi, Agra and Mumbai have a unique attractive force.
Nobody should have any illusion about the possibility of gaining military superiority over Russia. We will never allow this to happen.
Nobody should pin their hopes on a miracle.
Millions around the world increasingly see America not as a model of democracy but as relying solely on brute force, cobbling coalitions together under the slogan, 'You're either with us or against us.'
We should not just consume hydrocarbon fuel but use it to develop nuclear energy, hydro power and renewable energy sources.
The point of conservatism is not that it prevents movement forward and upward, but that it prevents movement backward and downward, into chaotic darkness and a return to a primitive state.
You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place.
How does one control weight? By not overeating. How does one stay in shape? One plays sports. There are no magic pills here.
We need to use the United Nations Security Council and believe that preserving law and order in today's complex and turbulent world is one of the few ways to keep international relations from sliding into chaos. The law is still the law, and we must follow it whether we like it or not.
I am convinced that the norm in Russia should become a family with three children.
It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional, whatever the motivation.
At last, Russia has returned to the world arena as a strong state - a country that others heed and that can stand up for itself.
Construction of the first gas pipeline system was started during the 1960s, at the height of the Cold War, and for all those years, from the 1960s until this day, Russia has been fulfilling its contract obligations in a very consistent and reliable way, regardless of the political situation.
NATO was built to counteract the Soviet Union in its day and time. At this point there is no threat coming from the Soviet Union, because there is no Soviet Union anymore. And where there was the Soviet Union once, there is now a number of countries, among them the new and democratic Russia.
Journalism, as concerns collecting information, differs little if at all from intelligence work. In my judgment, a journalist's job is very interesting.
Chechnya is part and parcel of the Russian Federation.
My English is very bad.
Political activities in Russia should be as transparent as possible. Financing political activities from abroad is something the state should keep an eye on.
Radicals can be found in any environment.
It is necessary to suppress any extremist actions, on all sides, regardless of their origin.
Any people has a right to self-determination, and now in Europe the process of diluting national sovereignty in the framework of a united Europe is more accepted.
It's alarming that military intervention in internal conflicts in foreign countries has become commonplace for the United States.
You need to put drones under control; you need to lay out certain rules of engagement in order to prevent or minimize collateral casualties. It is extremely important.
The Russian people have their own cultural code, their own tradition.
Between major countries, there certainly always are some common ground and points of tension.
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that in Russia, unlike in one third of the world's countries, being gay is not a crime.
The Russian parliament has condemned the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact.
The Russian people and Russian culture are the linchpin, the glue that binds together this unique civilization.
The whole world recognizes Russia's cultural achievements. It is impossible to imagine the world culture without Russian culture, without our music and literature.
You can swim any way you like in the Dead Sea, actually.
My working and personal relationship with President Obama is marked by growing trust. I appreciate this.
I myself know some people who are gay. We're on friendly terms. I'm not prejudiced in any way.
I think every person should have some faith inside him, in his heart. What matters is not an external display of this faith, but the inner state of the soul.
If the nation is not capable of preserving itself and reproducing, if it loses it vital bearings and ideals, then it doesn't need foreign enemies - it will fall apart on its own.
Despite all the achievements of civilisation, the human being is still one of the most vulnerable creatures on earth.
What is a uni-polar world? No matter how we beautify this term, it means one single centre of power, one single centre of force and one single master.
In the modern world, those who are weak will get unambiguous advice from foreign visitors which way to go and what policy course to pursue.
The strengthening of our statehood is, at times, deliberately interpreted as authoritarianism.
I am the wealthiest man, not just in Europe, but in the whole world. I collect emotions. I am wealthy in that the people of Russia have twice entrusted me with the leadership of a great nation such as Russia - I believe that is my greatest wealth.
No references to the need to fight terror can be an argument for restricting human rights.
Politics should not interfere with sports. And sports should impact politics.
Indeed, Russia and the U.S. were allies during the two tragic conflicts of the Second and the First World Wars, which allows us to think there's something objectively bringing us together in difficult times, and I think - I believe - it has to do with geopolitical interests and also has a moral component.
I think we should not control the Internet.
Even during the years of the Cold War, the intense confrontation between the Soviet Union and the United States, we always avoided any direct clash between our civilians and, most certainly, between our military.
I have never stated Russia is an energy superpower, but we have more reserves than almost anybody else. We have always behaved, and we will continue to behave, in a responsible way. We intend to participate in the elaboration of common rules in the energy sector and to abide by rules which are developed together.
Spying has always gone on since ancient times.
China has created very good investment tools, including an entire network of very large funds. The Russian Private Investment Fund works with some of those funds, with China's largest investment funds.
Stalin is the most popular figure in all of Russia.
McCain fought in Vietnam - I think that he has enough civilian blood on his hands.
I have a very positive attitude to anyone who is protecting the environment, but it's inadmissible when people are using it as a means of promoting themselves, using it as a source of self-enrichment. I don't want to name any specific examples... but often, environmentalism is used to blackmail companies.
A considerable share of the world's population still cannot afford comfortable housing, education and quality health care.
The Declaration on Strategic Partnership between India and Russia signed in October 2000 became a truly historic step. The developments in the first decade of the 21 century confirmed that it was a particularly significant and timely step.
The Chechnya problem is a centuries-old problem. The thing is that today, fundamentalists and terrorists are exploiting those centuries-old problems to accomplish their own objectives that have nothing to do whatsoever with the interests of Chechnya.
The transfer of power is always a test of the constitutional system, a test of its strength.
To pay more is the easy way. In fact, the solution possibilities to the problem are many.
Stalinism is linked with a cult of personality and massive violations of the law, with repression and camps. There is nothing like that in Russia and, I hope, will never again be.
I'm eternally grateful to fate and the citizens of Russia that they've trusted me to be the head of the Russian government.
How can a bureaucrat or a politician be trusted if he says loud words for the sake of Russia's good while trying to take his funds, his money abroad?
Russia is opposed to the proliferation of mass destruction weapons, including nuclear weapons, and in this context we call upon our Iranian friends to abandon the uranium enrichment programme.
Few people understand the magnitude of the catastrophe that happened late in the 1980s when the Communist Party had failed to modernize the Soviet Union.
In almost any country, probably in Russia in particular, it's fashionable to criticise people in power. If you come out in support of someone like me, you're going to be accused of trying to ingratiate yourself.
Cromwell is just as much of a bloody dictator as was Stalin.
Demographers affirm that choosing to have a second child is already a potential choice in favour of a third.
If you aspire to be a leader of your own country, you must speak your own language, for God's sake.
In many countries today, moral and ethical norms are being reconsidered; national traditions, differences in nation and culture are being erased.
My parents told me that children were taken from their families in 1941, and my mother had a child taken from her - with the goal of saving him.
I think happiness is love.
I am not prejudiced in any way.
The Russian people have unilaterally made their choice in direction of democracy in the early '90s. They will not be led astray. Nobody should be having any doubts.
History proves that all dictatorships, all authoritarian forms of government are transient. Only democratic systems are not transient. Whatever the shortcomings, mankind has not devised anything superior.
Russia needs a strong state power and must have it. But I am not calling for totalitarianism.
Anyone who doesn't regret the passing of the Soviet Union has no heart. Anyone who wants it restored has no brains.
Russia will not soon become, if it ever becomes, a second copy of the United States or England - where liberal value have deep historic roots.
The democratic choice Russian people made in the early 90's is final.
The path towards a free society has not been simple. There are tragic and glorious pages in our history.
I think the American people should express their preferences, and we'll accept their choice.
We don't need a weakened government but a strong government that would take responsibility for the rights of the individual and care for the society as a whole.
Yes, life in Chechnya so far looks more like a life after a natural disaster.
Russia does not want confrontation of any kind. And we will not take part in any kind of 'holy alliance.'
I believe that the presidential term should be limited.
I believe the U.S. already understands and will understand more and more that only a strong Russia will respond to the genuine interests of the United States.
If one looks at the map of the world, it's difficult to find Iraq, and one would think it rather easy to subdue such a small country.
Iraq is a small but very proud nation.
I'm sure corruption in Chechnya is minimal.
Our society, including the liberals, must understand that there must be order.
Terrorists are always a threat to someone. If we'll be scared of them, it means they have won.
For Russia, there is not and there may not be another political option but democracy. However, Russian democracy is... not at all the realization of standards imposed on us from outside.
President Obama hasn't been elected by the American people in order to be pleasant to Russia.
No one wants the United Nations to suffer the fate of the League of Nations, which collapsed because it lacked real leverage. This is possible if influential countries bypass the United Nations and take military action without Security Council authorization.
In 1995, Russia virtually gave Chechnya de facto statehood and independence even though, de jure, it didn't recognize Chechnya as an independent state. And I would like to emphasize strongly that Russia withdrew all of its troops, we moved the prosecutors, we moved all the police, dismantled all the courts, completely, 100 percent.
I love the Russian classics very much, the Russian classical literature. But I also read modern literature. As far as Russian literature is concerned, I am very fond of Tolstoy and Chekhov, and I also enjoy reading Gogol very much.
I would prefer to abandon the terminology of the past. 'Superpower' is something which we used during the cold war time. Why use it now?
I was brought up in a very ordinary family, in fact, a worker's family. Both my father and mother were ordinary citizens.
I read papers, try to watch news programs on television, but, as a rule, recorded. During the day I have no time for that, so I watch something taped. As for the newspapers, I try to get through them every day. Additionally, of course, I look through news bulletins.
In accordance with the Constitution of the Russian Federation, the issues of foreign policy and defense are fully in the hands of the president.
What is a Rechtsstaat? It is obedience to the existing law.
If you want my personal attitude, I would tell you that I don't care about a person's sexual orientation.
If we speak calmly, in a businesslike fashion, let me draw your attention to the fact that Russia supplies arms to the legitimate government of Syria in full compliance with the norms of international law. We are not breaching any rules and norms.
Some experts believe that somebody is deceiving WikiLeaks, that its reputation is being undermined in order for it to be used for political purposes.
The state security bodies should not be seen as an institution that works against society and the state; one needs to understand what makes them work against their own people.
The United States has overstepped its borders in all spheres - economic, political and humanitarian - and has imposed itself on other states.
As far as oligarchs who acquire sports team abroad, and invest money abroad, I wouldn't treat this phenomenon as something bad.
U.S. society doesn't want to play the role of international policeman.
It's Russia some people would like to get rid of. They are still afraid of our nuclear deterrent. We have our own foreign policy whether they like it or not.
Thieves must sit in prison.
At a certain point, we saw the police cracking down on the Occupy Wall Street activists. I won't call the actions of police appropriate or inappropriate.
If there are people who act outside the law, then the state must use legal means to impose law in the interests of majority. That's the way it's done in the U.S., and that's the way it's done in Russia.
My personal position is that society must keep children safe.
I think it's fine when the mayor of the biggest city in Russia consults the president.
I spend a little time every day to play sports.
I swim almost every day, a thousand meters.
The worst thing for a politician is to try and cling to power by every possible means, and focus only on that.
There are big countries and small countries, rich and poor, those with long democratic traditions and those still finding their way to democracy.
A figure who receives money from abroad for his political work, and thus serves some foreign interest, cannot be a politician in Russia.
Russia does not and cannot have any political choice but democracy. I want to say, and even stress, that we share those universal democratic principles taken around the whole world.
When the States already had nuclear weapons, and the Soviet Union was only building them, we got a significant amount of information through Soviet foreign intelligence channels.
Russian democracy is the power of the Russian people with their own traditions of national self-government, and not the realisation of standards foisted on us from outside.
Our military might is the guarantor of Russia's security and independence.
All attempts to appease the Nazis between 1934 and 1939 through various agreements and pacts were morally unacceptable and politically senseless, harmful and dangerous.
The Eurasian union is a project meant to preserve the identities of nations and the historic Eurasian community in the new century, in a new world.
No one should be allowed to violently trample on the law.
Libya is divided into tribes and clans.
Back in the mid-18th century, in 1745-1747, Ossetia was the first to become part of the Russian Empire. At that time, it was a united entity; North and South Ossetia were one state.
It is wrong to make anyone into an enemy; it is wrong to scare the people of one's own country with that enemy and try to rally some allies on that basis.
The philosophy of FIFA is to expand world soccer space, to spread out the world football space.
I love soccer.
Why does the world dislike Russia? I do not think that we are unloved or considered to be ignorant.
The United States and Russian security services regularly exchange information.
Where in the world have you seen construction people who do everything on time, with good quality and at minimal prices? Just give me one country like that. A country like that doesn't exist in the world, you know. There's not one such country anywhere in the world.
China is a great country with a great culture, populated by fascinating, industrious and talented people.
The leaders of the world's largest economies agreed during the November 2008 G20 summit not to create barriers hindering global trade and capital flows. Russia shares these principles.
In the 20th century, the Soviet Union made the state's role absolute. In the long run, this made the Soviet economy totally uncompetitive. This lesson cost us dearly. I am sure nobody wants to see it repeated.
The unjustified swelling of the budgetary deficit and the accumulation of public debts are just as destructive as adventurous stock-jobbing.
Above all, such sports as judo, in my view, teach people to relate to each other. They teach us to respect a partner, teach us to understand that an externally weak partner can not only put up worthy resistance, but, if you relax and take too much for granted, may even win.
The growing economic potential of India and Russia is mutually complementary in many respects.
