American,Architect
To me, the American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom.
I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. That's art to me.
It's only in hindsight that you realize what indeed your childhood was really like.
The process I go through in the art and the architecture, I actually want it to be almost childlike. Sometimes I think it's magical.
I probably spent the first 20 years of my life wanting to be as American as possible. Through my 20s, and into my 30s, I began to become aware of how so much of my art and architecture has a decidedly Eastern character.
I really enjoyed hanging out with some of the teachers. This one chemistry teacher, she liked hanging out. I liked making explosives. We would stay after school and blow things up.
The definition of a modern approach to war is the acknowledgement of individual lives lost.
To fly we have to have resistance.
Growing up, I thought I was white. It didn't occur to me I was Asian-American until I was studying abroad in Denmark and there was a little bit of prejudice.
My grandfather, on my father's side, helped to draft one of the first constitutions of China. He was a fairly well-known scholar.
It was a requirement by the veterans to list the 57,000 names. We're reaching a time that we'll acknowledge the individual in a war on a national level.
It terrified me to have an idea that was solely mine to be no longer a part of my mind, but totally public.
I deliberately did not read anything about the Vietnam War because I felt the politics of the war eclipsed what happened to the veterans. The politics were irrelevant to what this memorial was.
Art is very tricky because it's what you do for yourself. It's much harder for me to make those works than the monuments or the architecture.
When I was building the Vietnam Memorial, I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war, because from my point of view, you don't pry into other people's business.
I started studying what the nature of a monument is and what a monument should be. And for the World War III memorial I designed a futile, almost terrifying passage that ends nowhere.
It's funny, as you live through something you're not aware of it.
When I was very little, we would get letters from China, in Chinese, and they' be censored. We were a very insular little family.
I loved school. I studied like crazy. I was a Class A nerd.
My dad was dean of fine arts at the university. I was casting bronzes in the school foundry. I was using the university as a playground.
I didn't have anyone to play with so I made up my own world.
I had very few friends. We always ate dinner with our parents. We didn't want to go out. American adolescence was a lot wilder than I would have felt comfortable with.
I probably have fundamentally antisocial tendencies. I never took one extracurricular activity. I just failed utterly at that level. Part of me still rebels against that.
You couldn't put me in a social group setting. I'm probably a terrible anarchist deep down.
My parents are both college professors, and it made me want to question authority, standards and traditions.
We were unusually brought up; there was no gender differentiation. I was never thought of as any less than my brother.
Nothing is ever guaranteed, and all that came before doesn't predicate what you might do next.
How we are using up our home, how we are living and polluting the planet is frightening. It was evident when I was a child. It's more evident now.
