British,Musician
Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It's the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.
I'm blind without my glasses.
Achievement results from work realizing ambition.
I just think, certainly for live music it should look as good as it sounds.
If you make a mistake, you should enjoy it.
I really knew I wanted to be Adam, because Adam was the first man. Ant I chose because, if there's a nuclear explosion, the ants will survive.
To me, style is consistency.
I have loved eight women in my life. I remember every woman's face.
I have suffered from depression for most of my life. It is an illness.
I like being infamous. I think it is safe being a cult.
People weren't buying as many records. My record company did not want me. I went through three record companies, went on tour at the wrong time. It destroyed me.
I wanted to make good records. But my problem is I've got a low boredom threshold, so I wanted it to look and sound different with each album, which is really tantamount to suicide, cause people lose it, they lose it - they say: 'I like that, and that's not this.'
I became a man. Before that I was a little boy.
Antidepressants are very good, but it's a clinical cosh, really. Sometimes you have to be knocked out, just to stop; when you're in that state all you want to do is just sleep, and rest your body and your brain.
I just became a vegetable for three months. I couldn't talk to people. I was very ill and that was part of the reason I left college.
I got a little house in East L.A. and did the gardening. I was doing some acting here and there, doing my own thing... getting back to reality.
My daughter's the greatest thing that's happened to me in my life and she turned me into a more responsible man, as opposed to just someone who's a perpetual teenager, thinking you're a man when you're not.
I've been told I sold 110m albums and singles. If that's the case, I should've come here in a space rocket.
Creative people are more prone to depression.
When you work as hard as you can and as much as you can to make your first album, and you don't make any money, then you change things.
I loved being in a band.
The touring was crazy, it was a lot of work. But I enjoyed it.
I want to do a make-up line for men.
Men look like pandas when they try and put make-up on.
Since the decline of record companies and music sales, I've always played live.
It's good to play 100 per cent live - no tricks, no samples, no messing about.
