British,Athlete
In boxing, it is about the obsession of getting the most from yourself: wanting to dominate the world like a hungry young lion.
Sleeping is like meditation: it's good to rest the body but also to shut the mind down for a bit.
From the neck up is where you win or lose the battle. It's the art of war. You have to lock yourself in and strategise your mindset. That's why boxers go to training camps: to shut down the noise and really zone in.
Wherever you get to is better than where you started. To stay on the road is a massive achievement.
Just set yourself a goal and try and stick to it. Because you'll always end up better than where you started.
You have to speak from a place where all is possible. When you speak from a place where there's limits, you've already set yourself up to fail.
The mental is more important than the physical. You know, that voice in your head telling you to give up if it gets tough. That's my main opponent - making sure that if your body wants to stop, your mind won't let you.
My mum and dad aren't together, but she plays a massive part in my life. We have deep conversations: I tell her where I need support, where I feel she's lacking, and I support her with whatever she needs. I understand she won't be here forever, and I want no regrets.
I don't have a preferred religion - I'd have to do research. I was born a Christian, but as I've grown into my own man, I don't attach myself to a religion - 100 per cent, I have faith. Then it's locking into what suits me.
Prayer is a form of meditation, isn't it? It's laws of attraction: whatever you put out into the universe is what it receives. It's just kind of putting your thoughts out into the universe.
Cardio is a nice way to start the morning, man. Whether you sit on the bike for half an hour or throw on two jumpers and just sweat, it's good to get up, get the body active, put on your headphones, and just pedal away.
I don't have a strict diet; I keep it simple. I try to eat fish, meat, veg and carbs - potatoes and rice - but I'll try and pack it in because as I'm burning so much energy. I have to see food as an energy source.
For me to have a cheeky little biscuit, it's not going to hurt. But I need to control those indulgences. I can't just be scoffing cakes and biscuits five nights a week.
As long as you have discipline, you can be a success. Discipline is what makes you do everything you need to do.
I didn't make the most of school, but boxing has given me discipline.
I can be the nice family man at home, and then when I go to the gym, maybe sparring with someone, I switch into beast mode. It ain't pretty.
I know every fight could be my last fight, and if that happens, that's not just a health issue, but I'll be knocked off that king's stool.
I used to drink. I didn't like reading, but I discovered the benefits of it. I read that Floyd Mayweather never drinks - and he is the blueprint for boxing.
Don't worry about the title. Worry about what you've got to do today, tomorrow, the next day, and that title will be waiting for you.
I want it all: I want the attention and live for the glory nights.
Religion is supposed to be a positive thing when you look at the true religions around the world, not the fundamentalists. You always have to go with what your spirit tells you, not what people advise you. I'm a man that will always follow my own path.
I still feel I am that 14-year-old kid, hungry and trying to find a way through life. That's what I'm trying to develop, trying to be good at something through boxing. But I feel like that young kid who's trying and trying.
It's hard to say I don't like being famous, but how I feel is that I don't see myself as that person. It baffles me that people would want a picture with me.
Sportsmen just do what they do. I'm not trying to be a role model. If there's any inspiration people can take from me, take as much as you can - from my good and my bad.
Because I'm training so much, I always have a lot of energy. Once I've finished training, I come home and have some down time, and then I realise it's 12:30 A.M. and I should have been in bed 2 hours ago. That can get annoying.
I'll get seven hours sleep a night, but after breakfast, I'll have an hour just resting, to recover. In Spain they all have siestas, even businessmen.
No matter how big and strong you are... even Tyson said he was scared as hell walking to the ring. Everyone feels the pressure.
You're confident, you're going to the ring to fight, but there's always that little thing where you're thinking, 'God.' You're nervous. But you have to embrace it and enjoy it.
Cut your arms and legs off, and you're left with a trunk, which you need to be as strong as possible. It's easier to push over someone who is tall and skinny than someone short and stocky. That's why we work everything from the calves to the neck.
I was raised well. My parents are from Nigeria; their culture is respectful. Very respectful. But I learnt that you have to be determined. It's not violence or aggression. It's sheer determination.
