British,Explorer
Survival can be summed up in three words - never give up. That's the heart of it really. Just keep trying.
A man's pride can be his downfall, and he needs to learn when to turn to others for support and guidance.
The rules of survival never change, whether you're in a desert or in an arena.
I am not fearless. I get scared plenty. But I have also learned how to channel that emotion to sharpen me.
My work is all about adventure and teamwork in some of the most inhospitable jungles, mountains and deserts on the planet. If you aren't able to look after yourself and each other, then people die.
Being brave isn't the absence of fear. Being brave is having that fear but finding a way through it.
My favorite moments? Where it's all going swimmingly, the sun's out and I've got a fire going and a nice snake on the barbecue.
You only get one chance at life and you have to grab it boldly.
The appeal of the wild for me is its unpredictability. You have to develop an awareness, react fast, be resourceful and come up with a plan and act on it.
As a young boy, scouting gave me a confidence and camaraderie that is hard to find in modern life.
The rewards of the wild and the rewards of the survivor go to those who can dig deep, and, ultimately, to the guy who can stay alive.
Christianity is not about religion. It's about faith, about being held, about being forgiven. It's about finding joy and finding home.
Survival requires us to leave our prejudices at home. It's about doing whatever it takes - and ultimately those with the biggest heart will win.
Adventure should be 80 percent 'I think this is manageable,' but it's good to have that last 20 percent where you're right outside your comfort zone. Still safe, but outside your comfort zone.
Weather can kill you so fast. The first priority of survival is getting protection from the extreme weather.
I joined the Army at 19 as a soldier and spent about four and a half years with them. Then I broke my back in a freefall parachuting accident and spent a year in rehabilitation back in the U.K.
Survival is not about being fearless. It's about making a decision, getting on and doing it, because I want to see my kids again, or whatever the reason might be.
And Jesus, the heart of the Christian faith is the wildest, most radical guy you'd ever come across.
To me, adventure has always been to me the connections and bounds you create with people when you're there. And you can have that anywhere.
Accidents on big mountains happen when people's ambitions cloud their good judgment. Good climbing is about climbing with heart and with instinct, not ambition and pride.
I don't like expeditions where it is a total lottery whether you live or die. You have to keep those sort of good luck cards for rare occasions!
I loved climbing because of the freedom, and having time and space. I remember coming off Everest for the last time, thinking of Dad and wishing that he could have seen what I saw. He would have loved it.
But the wild is unpredictable, stuff does happen, and it's always when you're least expecting it.
Look, sometimes, no matter how hard you try, sometimes you need a bit of luck.
Textbook survival tells you to stay put. Stop. Wait for rescue. Don't take any risks. But there'd been a whole host of survival shows like that and I didn't really want to do that.
Faith is personal if it's to be real.
I don't thrive on stress. I love lying on the deck on our houseboat reading a book.
I had many opportunities to get behind products in the past, and I was always careful to evaluate all of them. I will not put my name to shoddy items.
I was always brought up to have a cup of tea at halfway up a rock face.
When I'm in 'Man vs. Wild' mode, it's not pleasure. Every sensor is firing and I'm on reserve power all the time and I'm digging deep - and that's the magic of it as well, and that's raw and it's great.
Some of the greatest survivors have been women. Look at the courage so many women have shown after surviving earthquakes in the rubble for days on end.
I find skydiving really hard. I broke my back while skydiving when I was in the military, and for 18 months all my nightmares were about falling.
Nobody wants to end up super rich and famous - but divorced. I'm always clear on that and try to stay on the right side of the line.
Nobody else is stupid enough to get themselves into the straits that I get into.
I never wanted to do TV. I just did what I was trained to do through the Special Forces, and I've been doing that from a very young age.
I always wanted to be Robin Hood or John the Baptist when I was growing up.
I've never really had a TV career. I've been a soldier and a climber.
I said 'no' to the 'Born Survivor' producer three times because I've never aspired to be a TV man.
I love Ray Mears. He's brilliant. He's so rude about me in the press, it's outrageous!
When I'm filming, survival requires movement. You need your energy, and you've got to eat the bad stuff, and survival food is rarely pretty, but you kind of do it. I get in that zone, and I eat the nasty stuff, but I'm not like that when I'm back home.
I love home cooking, and I'm not a great one for fast food.
I think viewers quite like it when I'm suffering or eating or drinking something horrible or really up against it in some quicksand or whatever.
The extremes of jungles, mountains, and deserts are inherently dangerous places.
I always had a really natural faith as a kid. Where I knew God existed and it felt very free and pretty wild and natural, and it wasn't religious.
I've fallen down crevasses, been bitten by snakes, been knocked unconscious, had various limbs broken and once, a heavy camera came plunging down which very nearly decapitated me.
All my life the only thing I've been good at has been climbing and throwing myself off big things.
In the British Special Air Service, combat fitness is all about running.
To get ready to climb Everest, I did a lot of hill running with a daypack on and a lot of underwater swimming. I would swim a couple of lengths underwater and then a couple above. It gets your body going with limited oxygen.
The SAS Reserve tends to be made up of former paratroopers and commandos who still want a challenge, but it is open to civilians.
The line between life or death is determined by what we are willing to do.
Our fate is determined by how far we are prepared to push ourselves to stay alive - the decisions we make to survive. We must do whatever it takes to endure and make it through alive.
It breaks my heart that my father never knew my children. He should have been around for another 25 years.
I've eaten sheep's eyes, the still hot meat from a zebra killed by a lion, and maggots which give you 70 calories to the ounce.
I'm terrified of walking into a room full of people. Sitting down at a dinner table with 15 strangers brings me out in a sweat.
I love making healthy lean foods delicious - that's an art!
For me, my training is a key part of my work as so often my life has depended on being able to move fast and haul myself up and out of something fast!
I train five days a week hard - but it is short and sharp - 30 to 40 minutes of functional and pretty dynamic body-strength circuits, then I do a good yoga session on the sixth day, then I rest.
Life has taught me to be very cautious of a man with a dream, especially a man who has teetered on the edge of life. It gives a fire and recklessness inside that is hard to quantify.
