British,Actress
I don't think it's different to be a black girl in England than it is to be a black girl from America. We all collectively share in a pain of displacement and not feeling like we quite belong in places.
What I want to see is more mixed casts. We need it. People need to be brave - in the real world, everyone and anyone is around. So if people get to see themselves on the stage, they'll want to come.
The thing that disturbs me the most, being in England, is that on the screen we don't see very many of us - there aren't very many black girls. They don't make the roles for us, or they don't see us in those roles.
When I was 15, I didn't think I was the prettiest at all. But then something happened when I was 20-something - I thought, actually, I really like what I look like. Just because I don't look like everybody else doesn't mean that I can't be just as beautiful.
Watching Mum work hard made me do the same. I've watched her since I was little, and I've picked up on how hard she works and the fire she has in her belly.
I always say that I want to play Serena Williams if they ever did a biopic of hers. I definitely want to do that, and I want to do some films.
I've seen 'Hamilton.' I'm obsessed. The music is crazy.
There are days when I'm completely obsessed with Kate Bush, and there are days when I'm completely obsessed with the Eurythmics. Then it's Aretha Franklin, then it's Lena Horne, then it's Ella Fitzgerald, then it's John Legend, then it's Michael Jackson. Music, to me, is like food, so I feel like whatever I need that day, I can get from a song.
I'm a very, very healthy eater, so it's proteins, greens, proteins, and more greens - and lots of water.
If you believe in chakras - head and heart - I think singing opens them up, like a wide open door.
Meditation, yoga, working out, and eating well. That's my wellness. And I think occasionally you have to treat yourself, so if you do need to take yourself shopping, go take yourself shopping.
What's amazing with 'The X Factor' is that it gives people a chance who wouldn't normally have one. I couldn't go on it, because it would be, like, me being lazy, because I've definitely had my opportunities.
I would love to appear in 'Scandal,' something like that, or 'Grey's Anatomy' because I think they're incredible.
One of my favourite pieces is 'Antony and Cleopatra' - I'd love to be in that. Or an alternative version of 'Romeo & Juliet' where I get to play Mercutio, something like that.
I discovered at the age of five that I could sing, and I realised people liked it. The sound that came out made people happy, so I kept doing it.
I became a fitness fiend when I was about 17 or 18.
I love that I can demonstrate that it's OK to look and be strong.
When I was younger, I just liked the sound of different accents, and I used to just play around to see if I could do things. I hear accents like music, so that's what helps me to learn them.
I'm a geek when it comes to my voice. I know if it hurts, something's wrong. You shouldn't feel it! It's very important to look after your voice.
