British,Dramatist
Television's Mr. Filth: that's me.
Some of the words and symbols and images from childhood will continually be part and parcel of my personality.
As adults, we do know more, but we don't know enough. People can be very unthinkingly callous.
The trouble with words is that you never know whose mouths they have been in.
A bad act done will fester and create in its own way. It's not only goodness that creates. Bad things create. They have their own yeast.
I did not fully understand the dread term 'terminal illness' until I saw Heathrow for myself.
I think childhood is to everyone a lost land.
You have to assert something about yourself in order to be yourself.
To love it too much is to obscure and not see what is there.
There's no end to the inventiveness of critics, I tell you. Because they can't write fiction, they put their impulse into their analysis of work.
Therapy, as opposed to analysis, is a whole construct of myth, beautiful and creative.
The thing about imagination is that by the very act of putting it down, there must be some truth in one's own imagination.
The strangest thing that human speech and human writing can do is create a metaphor. That is an amazing leap, is it not?
The more my work improves or broadens or widens, the more surely I tame myself.
The loss of Eden is personally experienced by every one of us as we leave the wonder and magic and also the pains and terrors of childhood.
The knowledge that we have about what it is to be human that we have as a child is something we necessarily must lose.
That vision of a common culture is now simply a remote wistfulness.
Religion, you can't a handle on it, you just have to know or not know-people either believe or they don't believe.
People endure what they endure and they deal with it. It may corrupt them. It may lead them into all sorts of compensatory excesses.
Metaphor is embodied in language.
Just letting it out is one of the definitions of bad art.
It is a dangerous thing to have instant access to your emotions.
Ideals jump across the hierarchies of the printed word.
I was given talent, and if you are given it, it is your obligation to use it.
I have been aware, from the age of 6, that I had talent.
I believe everybody is responsible for what they do themselves.
