British,Author
Women basically want the same thing - a good passionate story, a great fantasy - and for our partners to do the laundry and the washing up.
I think women love a passionate love story.
Once you're in charge of your job, your house, your children, getting the food on the table, doing all of this, all of the time, it'd be nice for someone else to be in charge for a bit maybe.
I really like clever men who challenge you.
I came up with a story and I wrote it.
I'm not a great writer.
I'm looking forward to getting back to my house and my Ugg boots and not washing sometimes, and getting back to writing.
I think women love to read love stories.
I've set the bar quite high in terms of storytelling.
If you've been married for 400 years, as I have, it's nice to experience first love again and you can vicariously through a book.
God forbid that women have fantasies.
I don't watch much British television at all. I mean, it's ironic because I used to work in it for years.
I've worked in television all my life, but really I've always wanted to work in the movies.
Everyone's clamoring for the fourth book in the 'Fifty Shades' trilogy, which makes me laugh. Just the part of 'a fourth book in trilogy' that makes me laugh, not the clamoring for the next book.
I hate having my photograph taken.
I see myself as a story teller.
I value my anonymity. I'm happy to come in on the tube or the train and watch other people reading 'Fifty Shades.'
Yes, I'm a 'Twi-hard.' I became obsessed. Absolutely obsessed. I didn't watch television, I didn't go to the cinema. My friends would ring and say: 'What are you doing?' And I would say: 'I've just got to finish this chapter.'
All a writer wants is to be read, and people are so flattering and lovely. I mean, there are witches out there as well. But most are so kind.
I'm a bit of a control freak.
I never set out to do this - getting to No. 1 in the 'New York Times' bestseller list wasn't even a pipedream.
Write for yourself. That's it. And write every day.
