British,Actress
There is absolutely, 100 percent, a light at the end of the tunnel for anyone who stutters.
People quit on jobs. They quit on marriages. They quit on school. There's an immediacy of this day and age that doesn't lend itself to being committed to anything.
If you can capture the humanity of a family struggling in an economic crisis you can make a difference. You can raise awareness just of the simple humanity.
Marriage is something that needs to be worked on every day. I don't know if I'm the one to give marital advice since I've only been married for a little over a year, but marriage is certainly easier if you are open, trusting and loving.
It's quite hard to faze me. I'm fairly un-shockable.
So I don't really have much rivalry, or if there is any, I don't really know anything about it. Because, you know, I'm not around girls like that. The friends I have in the business, I'm always really happy for them. I think we're always happy for each other. That sounds crap, but it's true.
A lot of period dramas can appear quite arch to most people, stuffy.
It just proves good movies don't need 100 million dollars to be good.
You can go at the premiere it's at Disneyland.
It's nothing to be ashamed of to have a stutter.
It's always a little mind-boggling to realize that these famous actors know who I am.
I had to learn to dance for 'The Adjustment Bureau' and it was nearly impossible. I turned up with my knees knocking in my leotard and went home and cried my eyes out.
I'm not much of a crier but it is mildly soul-destroying and exposing to do something physical that you are terrible at in front of other people.
I attempted to fish in Scotland and I managed to hook a dog. It was a horrible moment but the dog turned out to be fine.
I think it is nice for people to appreciate a slow-burning, beautiful story that makes you feel good when it is over.
I'm kind of effectively bipolar.
The business is all about gush and hype. You never have a bad meeting in L.A.
I used to look like a deer in headlights on the red carpet. You step out of the car and it's bedlam. Everyone's got crazy eyes.
After this interview, I'm going to immigration to try to sort out my Green Card, just like any other normal person.
When you're in love, you're so happy that you want to tell people about it. But now I have to censor myself. You need to protect the happiness you have.
If you're in America a lot, it's easy to get into playing American. All of it, the sounds, the energies, all very different. But it's really hard to do the accent. I tend to try and stay in it all day, which is the only way I can manage it.
Americans are a lot more open, of course. There's something more declamatory in the way you express emotions. It's a stereotype but it's true. British people can appear repressed in expressing emotions. Not very good at self-evaluating, or affirming situations, touching, anything like that.
I'm a big supporter of Joe Johnston and I think that 'Captain America' is going to be really fun and I gather that the story is really interesting. It just wasn't what I wanted to do next, to be honest.
I'm not someone who likes to plan too much ahead.
I think for me the job always has to be the right thing at the right time.
Give us a break! I've hardly done anything but independent films.
