British,Musician
We never had books at home, but my dad, seeing how keen I was to read, took me to Islington Library when I was about eight and we pulled out two - a Biggles and a science fiction novel. I never got the ace fighter pilot but fell in love with all things to do with the future and space. Isaac Asimov soon became my guiding star.
My father had inklings of my cultural aspirations. He would take me to the library, things like that. But he wasn't one of those dads who had read George Orwell and was a member of the Communist party. We had no books at home.
Maybe I've got to admit that what I did here was enough. I can make some more films. Maybe I'll direct a film. Maybe I'll have my musical put on stage. But nothing, really, to be absolutely honest, competes with making a very successful pop band for 10 years of my life.
For 24 hours a day, for 10 years, all I thought about was being in a band. That's all I did. I had no other social life. I don't want my life to be like that now. I've spent the past 10 years having a real life as well. But Spandau Ballet is such a difficult shadow to outrun.
We were on the cover of Women's Wear Daily, which was hardly rock 'n' roll, but it pleased me.
Your life is the same wherever you go.
Pop music should be about young people.
It's a shame because we experienced probably the greatest thing - in art, in pop - we'll ever do. And it would be good to sit around and talk about it.
I've always thought that actors wanted to be pop musicians and pop musicians wanted to be actors.
I've been through Hell with some of the members of my old band, and Hell is highly stressful.
I detest that saying 'Everything happens for a reason'; it's nonsense.
I'm an atheist. I don't 'believe' at all.
I think my younger self would be more amazed to know I was doing an interview for 'The Spectator.'
I certainly wasn't a fan of Thatcher's politics. People liked to label us as children of Thatcher. What nonsense. The real children of Thatcher came in the 1990s, and had no interest in politics. The Oasis, Britpop scene.
It's always an honour doing anything for your country.
I think I tried to control situations within my first marriage and I wasn't the easiest person to live with.
My instinct is to be very controlling.
I think sometimes my controlling instincts came out of a fear of other people.
In the '80s the band was 24/7. You were only as good as what you were producing at any given moment. Now my family is more important. I also think having the shock of your mum and dad dying humbles you slightly.
I love England. I don't really like places when they're too hot. It's my Celtic blood.
I have a terrible fear of travel. Just before we go, I start to panic and tell my wife I don't want to go. It's ridiculous. But actually it's only when it's somewhere I've not been to before.
I keep my house tidy, because then I can think clearly. I feel the same about myself. Presenting yourself well is a working-class thing - my dad was a printer, but he wore a tie most days. The ungroomed look belongs more to the middle classes.
My brother Martin is two years younger than me. There has never been any competition between us - clearly he was the good-looking one; he was also very sporty, and I am not a football player.
I am a person who holds the aesthetic high. I have suits made in Savile Row.
I am a metrosexual and into male grooming - I moisturise, I exfoliate.
Don't see the point in reading ghost-written autobiographies, even though some of these published lives may fascinate me. The 'ghost' is always present, manipulating an interview into first-person singular text, and it feels like I'm reading a lie.
