British,Actress
I drink booze, I smoke, and I'm hooked on caffeine. I actually have been known to swear at times and belch and even raise my voice when provoked. And I'm not physically repressed!
It was weird because I was pregnant, throughout that so it was weird being a pregnant witch. I was in a really bad mood but luckily, because I sleep with the director, he just sort of scheduled me so I only had to do it two nights.
I also get fed up with the fact that casting agents and directors have this impression of me as being frail and petite. I find it very patronizing. I'm quite beefy and strong. I was a gymnast in school and I have lots of muscles.
I was like one of those nauseatingly nice children. I was very, very well behaved and boring.
I enjoy those small chats you have when people come up and talk to you about your work. It only involves a few seconds of effort to be nice to those people, and I am very grateful for the kind words that people have taken the trouble to express to me in person.
Famous people come up to me, but I don't know who they are because my sight is so bad. It's always at the pool of the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills when I don't have my lenses in and my glasses are in my room.
She looks like a warrior. I mean, Bellatrix does mean warrior. And she's also a bit of a fatale. She's the right hand of Voldemort, and the only woman death eater.
I'm drawn to emotionally damaged characters because there is more to unlock.
I liked pretending to be other people: I could reinvent myself, reinvent my own reality.
The parenting bit is much harder than the acting bit. You just never know what to do.
I love witches and magic and dress-up and make-believe.
Wearing corsets all the time was completely incapacitating, as far as digestion goes.
I'm the kind of actor who has ventured into escaping from me.
I love changing what I look like because I always feel super strange whenever I do watch something that I'm in.
The animators are absolutely extraordinary. It's mind-boggling.
It took me ages to grow into being a woman, into being happy with it.
I think my mouth just opens and I spontaneously say things that occur to me.
Well, at least I'm not too thin. I eat.
Multitasking? I can't even do two things at once. I can't even do one thing at once.
You can't ever put your self-definition in the hands of somebody who meets you for 15 minutes.
If you're a queen, you're powerless, so I'd probably demote myself and go shopping.
People say, 'You're still breast-feeding, that's so generous.' Generous, no! It gives me boobs and it takes my thighs away! It's sort of like natural liposuction. I'd carry on breast-feeding for the rest of my life if I could.
It would be nice to really shed the corsets.
I just went and got an agent because I thought I can create my own world - you can't right your own life, but you can escape to a world where you can have control.
It's easy for me to go back to being a kid. You know how kids can be like savages before they get civilized? There's that sadist quality. Y'know, like boys who like to pick apart an insect for the sake of it.
A lot of times in this business, it's so transitory - it's just 10 weeks here or there on a movie and then it's over - but to see the same people over all that time, a decade, makes you feel really safe and secure.
You become very angry and depressed that you keep getting offered only these exceedingly demure and repressed roles. They're so not me. That's why films like Fight Club were so important to me because I think I confounded certain stereotypes and limited perceptions of what I could do as an actress.
I hate this image of me as a prim Edwardian. I want to shock everyone.
No, I can never rely on Tim to make me pretty.
I remember I did think, 'Wouldn't it be nice if Mr. Right moved in next door?'
I'm often criticised for what I wear. That's my main label in the press now: disastrous dresser!
I've never had white teeth. To be honest, I've never been told to do any of those horrible things - get your teeth whitened or your nose straightened.
I loved doing all those costume dramas. I didn't think, 'Ooh I've got to avoid being typecast' - you can't ever be dictated to by what other people think. I just do things because I fancy the parts and the directors.
J.K. Rowling said Bellatrix's role was going to be significant in the last one, when I showed some reluctance in playing a tiny bit part. Up front, they said, 'You're very significant in the last one.' But significant could mean a lot of things. That could just mean a significant plot point. Doesn't necessarily equal big part.
I should get a few ribs taken out, because I'll be in a corset for the rest of my life.
When I was young I had so many inferiority complexes. I had an inferiority complex because I didn't go to university. I had an inferiority complex because I didn't train. Then it gets tiring. And you do get bored of it.
I was weird right from the start. It's just that you can't ever expect people to get you. And I do think that really did mess with my head, being well-known young, when you really don't know who you are.
I was a mixture of being incredibly old for my age and incredibly backwards. I was born quite old, but then I stopped growing. I lived with my mum and dad till I was 30.
I'm a very good sleeper.
I just do things because I fancy the parts and the directors.
I'm always attracted to lower budget, not because it's lower budget, but because they tend to be better scripts.
But it's often been the case, I've done so many countless small, independent films that really 3.2 people have seen, so you never know. You do it for the joy of the part and not necessarily expect anyone to see the final product.
My mom being a psychotherapist, I've been brought up with that whole psychoanalytical terrain.
When you're up for an Oscar, you just get offered everything. It's fantastic, but a lot of it you're completely inappropriate for.
A film actor is just a victim of directors and editors.
Mothers are the heart of any household. I try to spend as much time with my children as I possibly can while also fulfilling my professional duties. It is tricky, but I think I manage it.
My father fell really chronically ill when I was 13 and that's when I phoned up an agent and started to act.
When you write for very young children what they want is something familiar and safe and stereotyped.
I was reading William Shawcross's biography of the Queen Mother, dressed in my witch outfit! And you know what? It was a really good mix; it was a therapeutic mix.
Fairytales have always got to have that scary quality, as long as you make them laugh.
Very early on, you figure out that you put your self-esteem in the hands of strangers. There's a different commodity. There's the Helena Bonham Carter that everyone thinks they know, who really has nothing to do with me. But you just have to let that go.
I never really wanted to grow up. I grew up really young. I moved out when I was 13 - that's when I started acting.
I've got Tourette's, practically. I'll tell anyone anything.
I'm a late developer. I only moved out of home when I was 30.
I think smells, like sounds, can be so much immediately affecting.
As everyone, you do end up becoming your mother, but also as you're acting, I find out you become every member of your family, bits come out without you really wanting them to come out.
I personally never got the gist of Facebook and Twitter.
My life had been very work-orientated, and all in close-up. Once I had the family, it went into sudden widescreen.
I look completely like my mum. She's very foreign, very Jewish.
I don't think I dress eccentrically. I'm just not conservative, I guess - I dress according to what like. And I'm not a mannequin, as you can tell.
I would pretend to be the French lieutenant's woman. I was always a romantic. I still am, actually.
For me, acting is about getting away from myself. So to look at myself is the last thing I want.
In any relationship, after the first year is over, you can't help but want your own space.
I don't think any actor wants their children to follow them into the profession.
I'm always attracted to lower budget, not because it's lower budget, but because they tend to be better scripts. It's the scripts that tend to be the small arthouse film that tend to be more actor-led and character driven.
