British,Playwright
A woman can be anything the man who loves her would have her be.
God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December.
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow.
The praise that comes from love does not make us vain, but more humble.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
Every time a child says I don't believe in fairies there is a fairy somewhere that falls down dead.
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
Life is a long lesson in humility.
That is ever the way. 'Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse.
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another; and his humblest hour is when he compares the volume as it is with what he vowed to make it.
We are all of us failures - at least, the best of us are.
A safe but sometimes chilly way of recalling the past is to force open a crammed drawer. If you are searching for anything in particular you don't find it, but something falls out at the back that is often more interesting.
The most useless are those who never change through the years.
Temper is a weapon that we hold by the blade.
Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
Do you believe in fairies? Say quick that you believe. If you believe, clap your hands!
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by; but some of them are golden only because we let them slip by.
Never ascribe to an opponent motives meaner than your own.
It's a sort of bloom on a woman. If you have it, you don't need to have anything else; and if you don't have it, it doesn't much matter what else you have.
Always be a little kinder than necessary.
Everytime a child says 'I don't believe in fairies' there is a a little fairy somewhere that falls down dead.
For several days after my first book was published, I carried it about in my pocket and took surreptitious peeps at it to make sure the ink had not faded.
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by. Yes, but some of them are golden only because we let them slip.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
It is not real work unless you would rather be doing something else.
