British,Politician
Riding a bicycle is the summit of human endeavour - an almost neutral environmental effect coupled with the ability to travel substantial distances without disturbing anybody. The bike is the perfect marriage of technology and human energy.
I'm a leader, not a dictator. I want to persuade people rather than threaten or control them.
Inequality is a terrible waste of time, a waste of people's resources.
Everybody aspires to an affordable home, a secure job, better living standards, reliable healthcare and a decent pension. My generation took those things for granted, and so should future generations.
I do think the public want to see politicians acting in a different way. What's brought young people into our campaign is that they were written off by political parties but they had never written off politics, and what we have is a huge number of young people, very enthusiastic and brimming with ideas. Those ideas have got to be heard.
NATO expansion and Russian expansion - one leads to the other, and one reflects the other.
You pay more in wages, get more in in tax, you get people living a higher standard, you get more money. It's a kind of circle.
If you want a more productive economy, you need to invest in the skills of our workforce.
We are all in the Labour party because we want the Labour party to be a vehicle for social change. There is a thirst for debate in the party, and all those who have joined haven't joined without a purpose.
Life is life. Some of the wisest people you meet are sweeping our streets.
I want a world of peace. I'm not interested in bombs. I'm not interested in wars. I'm interested in peace.
I am just an ordinary person trying to do an ordinary job.
I think NATO is a Cold War product. I think NATO historically should have shut up shop in 1990 along with the Warsaw Pact; unfortunately, it didn't.
We're not going back anywhere, we're going forward, we're going forward in democracy, we're going forward in participation, we're going forward with ideas.
It is opposition to economic orthodoxy that leads us into austerity and cuts. But it is also a thirst for something more communal, more participative. That, to me, is what is interesting in this process.
I think we should talk about what the objectives of the party are, whether that's restoring the Clause Four as it was originally written or it's a different one, but I think we shouldn't shy away from public participation, public investment in industry, and public control of the railways.
I have always had a very busy life. The difference is that a lot more people are helping advise me what to do, and a lot more people are observing what I do. But in terms of time and working schedule, it is not that different from my normal working week.
I haven't had vast amounts of ministerial experience - in fact, none at all. But I do have a lot of experience of people.
Parliament is supposed to be serious. It's not a place for jingoistic cheering.
We can create a new kind of politics: kinder, more respectful, but courageous, too.
If the leadership can't win a debate, then we should show true leadership and implement the democratic will of our party.
Cycling is good for people in all ways: their health, their well-being, and it does no damage to the environment. It can, however, be dangerous, and this has to be addressed.
I've got lots of stamina; don't worry about that. I cycle every day - it's OK.
Trade unions are a force for good - a force for a more equal society.
It is important that politicians defend their ability to act without fear or favour, and it is in the public interest that they hold ministers and public servants to account.
It is the right of a democratically elected parliament to act in defence of our traditional liberties, and everything should be done to keep it that way.
Tony Benn and I were very close, very close friends for 30, 40 years. We talked to each other a great deal, and we were great friends. And I was with him shortly before he died, talking about prospects of the world and prospects for peace. And I'm very sad that he's gone.
Taken slightly historically, the turning point in the E.U. was actually the Single European Act, the Thatcher/Maastricht-era stuff, which was turning the E.U. into very much a market system.
Loyalty is about the party and the movement... if you want a better and more effective party, we've got to open ourselves up much more to our membership and our supporters.
I think in English history a very interesting character is John Lilburne. Very interesting character because of the way he managed to develop the whole debate about the English civil war into something very different.
There is a democratic process in the party, and that can be operated at any time. But am I going to resign? No. Of course not. No. No. I will carry on.
Our problem in the 2015 general election was that for all the good stuff that was in the Labour manifesto, we were still going to be freezing public sector wages, cutting council expenditure, laying off civil servants. We were offering 'austerity light' instead of a real alternative.
Sure, I've met with people I don't agree with.
I find if you are in an office, the crisis finds you. If you're not in the office, the crisis finds somebody else.
I make mistakes like anybody else, I will make mistakes. And you have to reflect on it, and you have to listen to people. That is the key.
I think there's good in everybody.
The idea that somehow or other you can deal with all the problems in the world by banning a particular religious group from entering the U.S.A. is offensive and absurd.
There is nothing wrong with my heart except for wanting a peaceful world.
You grow your way to prosperity; you don't cut your way to it.
There is a self interest in voting for a society where there is health care for all, where there's a mental health service for all, where there is education service for all.
What I remain opposed to is the idea that David Cameron could go around and give up workers' rights, give up environmental protection, give up a whole load of things that are very important.
I've been quite involved in a lot of U.N. operations over the years. I was a U.N. observer at the East Timor referendum in 2000. I've been very involved in that for a long time.
I think we should all be accountable to our parties, but I also think that accountability should be a process of engagement: that MPs do engage with their constituency parties, do engage with their constituents, and MPs do change their minds on things because of local opinion.
I'm very proud of the fact that I voted against the Iraq war. And proud that I voted strongly not for students to be saddled with thousands and thousands of pounds worth of debt.
The Spanish Civil War, Britain was not involved in it. Going back a bit, there was the naval blockade to stop the slave trade in the 19th century; that was morally just. Shame they didn't bother to abolish slavery at the same time.
I'm not somebody with over-weening ambition.
I want to see a more collective style in how our party operates, in politics as a whole.
A lot of people didn't feel attracted to Labour, so they voted in desperation for other things.
To give everyone a house and garden is very difficult in urban areas.
My view is the questions in Parliament should be the questions that people out there want asked.
You can't sustain a high level of intense activity with thousands of people forever. It has to be for a specific objective.
I have dealt with a pretty interesting mix of young people, many of whom have never been involved in any form of politics at any level who are interested in alternatives to austerity and debt, and older people who left the Labour party, mainly over Iraq, who are coming back in.
There are some people who have had no pay rises for a very long time, and, working in highly skilled and highly responsible roles and in the health services and education, they deserve to be properly remunerated.
I think we can spend too much time worrying about polls.
We are developing a media policy which would be about breaking up single ownership of too many sources of information so that we have a multiplicity of sources.
I'm quite concerned that if I spend time in the office, someone will always find something for you to do. There's always a crisis that needs your urgent attention.
Because I've never had any higher education of any sort, I've never held in awe those who have had it or have a sense of superiority over those who don't.
I've been proud to be the chair of the Stop the War coalition, proud to be associated with the Stop the War coalition.
We oppose the benefit cap. We oppose social cleansing. We will bring the welfare bill down by controlling rents and boosting wages, not by impoverishing families and socially cleansing our communities.
I am a proud trade unionist.
I want everyone to put their views forward, every union branch, every party branch, so we develop organically the strengths we all have, the imagination we all have.
We are one of the richest countries in the world, and there is absolutely no reason why anyone should have to live in poverty.
I believe in public ownership, but I have never favoured the remote nationalised model of the postwar era.
Every penny paid to a PFI company is money withdrawn from those waiting for an operation, money removed from the training of clinicians, and money denied for life-saving treatments.
A national investment bank can invest to provide us with the foundations of shared and ecologically sustainable growth: renewing the U.K.'s energy, digital and transport infrastructure which lags woefully behind other major economies.
A more productive economy in the long term will bring us higher tax revenues, but that requires long-term investment in infrastructure and the skills necessary to grow a balanced economy.
Obsession with the market seem to prevent ministers looking at the huge problem and all its ramifications in health, education and employment that come from the housing insecurity that too many face.
Local authorities face huge housing issues with demands outstripping supply many times over; the only way those in housing need can be housed is in the private sector.
I do not own a car, and my main form of travel to Westminster and in my constituency is by bicycle. I also take my bike on trains to meetings in other parts of the country, which enables me to see other cities and the other parts of the country.
I still have the Triumph Palm Beach I was given for Christmas when I was 11. By today's standards, it is heavy and slow, but was my pride and joy at the time.
The Zocalo is a magnificent space, at least four times the size of Trafalagar Square, with the National Palace on one side, the huge cathedral on the other, and in one corner part of the old Aztec City so brutally destroyed by Hernan Cortez and the Conquistadores.
Lopez Obrador invokes the appeal of national unity, the revolution of 1910, and the progressive constitution of 1917.
Mexico is becoming the northern part of Latin America, not the U.S.A.'s southern outpost.
