British,Politician
It's about mass immigration at a time when 21% of young people can't find work. It's about giving £50 million a day to the EU when the public finances are under great strain.
It's a European Union of economic failure, of mass unemployment and of low growth.
I have invested the best part of my adult political life in helping to try to build up this movement and I am far from perfect but I do think I am able, through the media, to deliver a good, simple, understandable message.
If an idea is indeed sensible, it will eventually become just part of the accepted wisdom.
Before, Europe was about treaties, laws and our sovereign right to govern ourselves. Now, it's about everyday lives.
When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore.
I think frankly when it comes to chaos you ain't seen nothing yet.
The great and the good will decide what is good for us and make sure that we get what is good for us, good and hard.
I have been unsure, from the start, what the Occupy movement was all about, although I did suspect that it was just fatuous, anti-enterprise, left-wingery.
Maybe this will be the beginning of a trend? Flat taxes, cutting foreign aid, a referendum on Europe, grammar schools. Who knows?
Having established that good ideas do indeed come in from the cold, start on the fringes and become mainstream, can we make any predictions about what the next move will be?
I think that politics needs a bit of spicing up.
It's about businesses nervous about taking on school leavers because of a mass of red tape. It's about health and safety regulations and green fines.
We must break up the eurozone. We must set those Mediterranean countries free.
It's amazing how ideas start out, isn't it?
The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed.
British chancellor is telling the rest of Europe it must abandon democracy. It's appalling.
It's the FSA and its plethora of EU bodies that's failed.
But there's certainly only one thing I could never agree with George Galloway on. He's a teetotaller and wants to close all the bars in the House of Commons. That is just not on.
We have a Conservative leader that believes in green taxes, that won't bring back grammar schools, that believes in continuing with total open-door migration from eastern Europe and refuses to give us a referendum on the EU.
This Constitution does not reflect the thoughts, hopes and aspirations of ordinary people. It does nothing for jobs or economic growth and widens further still the democratic deficit.
Puppet Papademos is in place, and as Athens caught fire on Sunday night he rather took my breath away - he said violence and destruction have no place in a democratic country.
Greece isn't a democracy now it's run through a troika - three foreign officials that fly into Athens airport and tell the Greeks what they can and can't do.
If I was a Greek citizen I'd be out there trying to bring down this monstrosity that has been put upon those people.
Minimum sales prices for alcohol are a startlingly bad idea. As with excise duties, the effects are regressive.
It's hardly a radical idea to suggest that regulators and legislators understand the law now, is it?
