British,Actor
You have to have chemistry - it's acting. I need to make people believe the rumba is about two people in love, and the tango is about passion.
Blood must not have blood... I don't stand for anyone bullying bullies.
The best food I've had was actually in catering at 'Single Ladies.' It's insane. I can't live in Atlanta. In fact, even if I'm offered, I'm not sure I could come back for another six months, because I'll just be fat.
I have always thought beach weddings are beautiful. A sunset ceremony with a beautiful sky, white drapes and fire lanterns.
I'm more of a mimic. My accent tends to drift to where ever I am.
I'm a great believer in the idea that if it's meant to be, it will be.
I'm ambitious and I'm determined and I know where I'm going to be. It's not where I want to be, but where I'm going to be.
No one remembers the runner-up!
I've never used chat-up lines; I don't have the gift of the gab.
With 'Strictly,' I am mentally and physically knackered: everything aches. I knew it would be hard, but I never thought it would be this tough.
My little sister Debbie was born at Aldergrove, and my nan is from southern Ireland, so I do try and get over quite a bit.
I must have been 15 or 16 when I left Antrim Grammar, but I do remember having my first proper kiss when I lived there.
I was something of a late bloomer.
I've never liked my smile, you see. I should have had braces as a kid, but I was too proud and too vain. And I didn't want to be bullied at school.
I'm not as stupid as some people think. I've got a degree in law.
We need to sort the kids out and educate them properly. After all, they are our future.
I believe it's my position as a partner to make the other feel secure. I'm very loving and very into my partners when I am with them. I just want them to feel safe.
The Ricky that the public see, whether it be on screen as a character, in public, or on social media, is very outgoing, and I'm a bit of a class clown. Then those who are closest to me know that I can be very sensitive. I can be quite insecure about myself.
We try and give as much diversity to our show as possible. That's something that's very strong in our show: there are so many strong female leads in 'The 100.'
First black Bond - that's my aim! That's the one!
Even in 'Hollyoaks,' we were known as 'the black family' as opposed to just 'the new family.' But that's where we are in the world, I guess. It's getting better; everything's heading in the right direction, whether it be race, sex, gender.
I actually spoke to one of the heads of a studio, and he said I confuse middle America. Basically, when they see a black person, they see athlete, they see rapper, or they see criminal or something like that. And then when they hear a British accent, they hear posh, so they hear lawyer or doctor.
When you're younger, you do take things personally.
Growing up, at that time, I didn't want to be black because I was bullied, and I'd tell my mum that I wanted to be white like everyone else at school.
If things are said maliciously, and they're meant to hurt, then that's the sort of thing we need to try and stamp out.
Once people start to realise that colour is just that, it's just a colour, then things got a bit smoother.
