British,Musician
The past is a stepping stone, not a millstone.
People say that I'm a millionaire, but that's not true - I only spend millions.
I think that passion and love and pain are all bearable, and they go to make love beautiful.
I realized what Led Zeppelin was about around the end of our first U.S. tour. We started off not even on the bill in Denver, and by the time we got to New York we were second to Iron Butterfly, and they didn't want to go on!
I daresay one good concert justifies a week of satisfaction at home.
You can't even imagine how it felt to have a cassette that you could take with you with a microphone so you could put down an idea and not have to hum it a million times to remember what it was.
I've still got a twinkle in me.
Soon, I'm going to need help crossing the street.
I think I surprise myself.
You feel quite distant by playing at huge stadiums year after year, where you only can see a great darkness in front of you.
I've been scared and I've liked not hanging on to stuff where I know that I'm in my comfort zone.
Led Zeppelin has been there through three generations of teenage angst. And there's a generation of kids now who won't know it, post-Linkin Park.
I hate cliche.
When I was a kid, I was following black soul music.
There are always generic terms like 'Americana', but there are no boundaries as to where it can go.
People have got to let their bodies breathe a little bit more. That's the great thing about being a pompous, jumped-up rock god. There's plenty of air around you.
I like to comprehend more or less everything around me - apart from the creation of my music. It's an obsessive character trait that's getting worse. I don't switch the light on and off 15 times before I leave the room yet, but something's going wrong.
I like the idea of being alone. I like the idea of often being alone in all aspects of my life. I like to feel lonely. I like to need things.
Music is for every single person that walks the planet.
Since I was a kid, I've had an absolute obsession with particular kinds of American music. Mississippi Delta blues of the Thirties, Chicago blues of the Fifties, West Coast music of the mid-Sixties - but I'd never really touched on dark Americana.
Does anyone remember laughter?
You can't give up something you really believe in for financial reasons. If you die by the roadside - so be it. But at least you know you've tried. Ten minutes in the music scene was the equal of one hundred years outside of it.
I'm British - ostensibly British - but I don't know where I really belong, you know?
Old men do it better. We're not so sensitive in certain areas.
I have to try and change the landscape, whatever it is.
I can't moan about any of it. I had a great time in the goldfish bowl.
The events between 1968 and 1980 were the kind of cornerstone for everything I've been able to do, they gave me the springboard.
There's nothing new under the sun - you just get a can of paint out.
It's crucial that I kind of keep up, without drifting into the backslapping land of cliche and lifetime achievement awards.
I'm just lucky because my kids are grown-up - I love them, very proud of them, and we are in close contact as big-time friends, but they don't need me that much now and I can actually enjoy this wonderful world of music.
There's nothing worse than a bunch of jaded old farts, and that's a fact.
My dad played fiddle as well.
There's a similarity between European and North African folk musics.
I think we're in a disposable world and 'Stairway to Heaven' is one of the things that hasn't quite been thrown away yet.
I think I'm prone to panic.
It's not some great work of beauty and love to be a rock-and-roll singer.
Lately, I'm spending more and more time working with non-rock musicians and leaving the mainstream - almost dissolving into another world, musically.
When you're 20 years old and you're making points with volume and dynamism, it's a fantastic thing to do.
So many white kids, English kids - we had no culture.
The kind of vocal exaggeration that I developed was based on what key songs were in.
I wanted my voice to be a tenor sax, really.
A daily blog would just about finish me off completely.
If I didn't do what I do, I wouldn't be as young as I am.
I've stopped apologizing to myself for having this great period of success and financial acceptance.
I don't know how much more expressive you can get than being a rock and roll singer.
Now I'm a blithering oaf hanging on to the coatsleeves of commerciality.
There have been people I've warmed to over the years but, as the situation I'm in is so fleeting and transient, I've always known it's going to be over kind of real quick.
I've got the big name, but I've always wanted to be in a band, one of a band.
Whenever I have bid a hasty goodbye to a loved one, I've always made sure that my record collection was safely stored away in the boot of the car.
I know that bands that haven't put out a record for 10 years are playing to 20,000 people a night. But that's not the achievement.
Theatres are built because they were the boards for entertainment.
I hate wasting time.
I'm a grandfather now.
