British,Actress
I don't have the self-discipline for diets; I break rules I set for myself, so I try and eat more healthily, juice more, and avoid sugar.
I've got spider veins all over my legs, so I wear opaque tights all winter. All sorts of colours.
I always carry a pair of scissors around with me to cut things out of magazines.
I have a lot of funny friends, though not everyone's funny all the time. Doon Mackichan's my funniest friend in the pub; Nina Conti's the funniest with a monkey.
All I want to do really is get married and be a matriarch.
I wasn't hugely popular at school. In fact, I was bullied at school.
Once you have a Down's syndrome child, you can't conform. In a way, you're free.
Getting a new passport took me a stupid amount of time. I had to go back five times with different photographs because they kept saying I was smiling, which is against the rules. I was not smiling.
What having a Down's syndrome child isn't - and I feel very strongly about this - is a tragedy. All those pregnancy books you read when you are expecting refer to Down's syndrome as if it were the worst possible outcome, and it's not.
My blood runs cold when I hear the 'great news' that we have found a marker for the Down's syndrome gene, which means we can identify it more easily. Why is that good news? It's only good news if you're going to terminate.
I tell people that I'm a Christian, but I don't think it's giving an insight into who I am or what I'm about.
My mum's from Yorkshire and my parents aren't snotty or posh - they're very hard workers, both of them.
TV feels quite constipated, and the thing I find particularly difficult is the branding of the channels where it's not 'Is it a good script?' but 'Is it a BBC2 script?'
Middle-aged women on telly is a bit of a hot topic - before, we were 27 to 37, and now we're 40 to 50. You do notice as you get older... you go past 35, and suddenly you're playing baddies.
As a writer myself, my job has very often been to also write on the job. So you get the script and a vague idea of how the scene might work, and you then add funny words or change the script. I'm not the world's best writer or the world's best actor, but I can do that thing where I can fix - or ruin - fix-slash-ruin, add quirk, add value.
It's quite confusing being one of the less wealthy people at a posh place.
I definitely used to write a lot at school. Comic poetry and drawings about people.
I can make a virtue of slapdash. Slapdash can give you courage.
When I write, I create really absurd situations which become false because I am after the joke.
I don't get star-struck at all.
A lot of things in 'Parents' I find very truthful.
I've got a great relationship with my dad, but I can imagine how annoying it would be if I had to move back into his house.
If you get 10,000 guys to put their ideal woman into a computer, it still comes out looking like Angelina Jolie.
I would love to have been around in the Keystone Studios days.
Comedians have to write to survive because you don't get cast for your beauty.
People have really strong images of what church is, and it's almost certainly not the same as mine.
