British,Musician
There is no black-and-white situation. It's all part of life. Highs, lows, middles.
Every performance is different. That's the beauty of it.
Music is spiritual. The music business is not.
If it's what you do and you can do it, then you do it.
It was really strange for me when I started to play concerts in America where the audiences were all sitting down.
If you're a pop singer, you don't need to evolve. You just get a set together, have some hit songs and play them over and over.
I understood jazz, I understood how it worked. That's what I apply to everything.
I never paid attention to what was contemporary or what was commercial, it didn't mean anything to me.
I don't feel comfortable doing interviews. My profession is music, and writing songs. That's what I do. I like to do it, but I hate to talk about it.
The future is keeping you out of the present time.
These days politics, religion, media seem to get all mixed up. Television became the new religion a long time back and the media has taken over.
In order to win you must be prepared to lose sometime. And leave one or two cards showing.
My ambition when I started out was to play two or three gigs a week. And that's what I'm doing.
I'm very lucky, I'm happy with life because my experiences led me to do what I had to do. I don't have any regrets whatsoever.
I just need somewhere to dump all my negativity.
There's always got to be a struggle. What else is there? That's what life is made of. I don't know anything else. If there is, tell me about it.
The point of jazz is, you do something and then you go on.
You take stuff from different places, and sometimes you stick a line in because it rhymes, not because it makes sense.
You've got to separate the singer and the songs.
What you see is what you get.
The first piece of music that captured my imagination was probably Ray Charles Live At Newport.
Large audiences did not suit my low-key approach.
I've never felt like I was born with a silver spoon at all, although I've felt like howling at the moon a lot of times!
I learnt from Armstrong on the early recordings that you never sang a song the same way twice.
I don't think nostalgia has to be negative.
Even today, skiffle is a defining part of my music. If I get the opportunity to just have a jam, skiffle is what I love to play.
I deliberately try not to cater for the commercial market, so I can't see myself in competition, you know, with second or third generation rock stars.
