British,Athlete
I'm definitely capable of just enjoying riding my bike these days.
I genuinely enjoy the process of making colourful, delicious food. But I do allow myself an occasional piece of chocolate - today I had a pastry. If I fancy something, I'll have it.
You have to make the mistakes and have those failures in order to learn from them and grow and improve... But for me, the best way to combat any of that beating yourself up or overanalysing, the most important part is always to be prepared to the best of your ability.
Food plays a large part in our weekend, but on a Friday evening, I'll make us something simple for tea. I might have a wee glass of wine.
Cycling as a whole is totally underestimated.
I think I might become a pescatarian. I love sushi, couldn't give it up.
As a teenager, I wanted to look like the early '90s curvy supermodels. Even in my early 20s, I always said as soon as I retired from cycling, I'd get a boob job.
I'm not one for going out on the town on Friday night, as I've never been a big drinker, so I like getting the rubbish jobs out of the way so we can enjoy our free time.
You look at a horse, and he's such a majestic, beautiful, powerful creature that you can't not be impressed. I love scraping the water off them when I wash them down because you go all round the contours, and its muscle and body, and you just think, 'Ooh, isn't this a magnificent creature.' You're touching it, and it's just solid, carved muscle.
There's footage of me bouncing around, all uncoordinated, trying to work out how on earth you're supposed to do a rising trot on a really extravagant moving eventing horse.
I used to have a rant all the time when things went wrong, at everybody around me, because you just have to get the frustration out.
I was constantly being told I shouldn't talk so much about how I was feeling. They seemed to think I was giving too much away to my competitors. Showing signs of weakness. But I've always thought that was rubbish.
Winning is no longer just the outcome. It's part of the process.
Even though I've won numerous titles and an Olympic gold medal, there are still so many faults in my performance that I can honestly hardly bear to watch the videos back.
I beat myself up the whole time because I'm striving for something I'll basically never achieve. I portray this image of confidence, of arrogance, and it's not really me. I'm never satisfied, and I'm never content. It means I'm a bit of a mess some of the time.
I just want to prove that I am really good at something. And I haven't quite done that yet - at least not to myself. I know I could ride so much better, with more ease, with more finesse. I feel I'm nowhere near as good as I should be.
I worried I was a boyish shape. I always thought I might grow some, but it never happened.
As you get older, you get more accepting - although, if you asked me whose body I would want, I would say Jess Ennis's at the Olympics.
Oh, I am an angel, though sometimes I wish I was more of a devil.
I naturally favour a clean, healthy diet. A salad sandwich is one of my favourite meals!
I've seen pictures of me, and I look mean and arrogant. That's how I felt on the inside. I think now, 'Is that really me?'
I normally don't listen to my instincts because I'm so full of doubt.
It's a very unique feeling - to be that strong and unbreakable. But I'm working towards it.
The sprint is sometimes like a toss of a coin. Sometimes it's heads, and sometimes it's tails.
I'm someone who wears their heart on their sleeve.
I find it hard to act other than the way I feel.
I've always been very fond of animals.
I could scrape water off horses all day long. That would never get boring.
To be honest, after you've crossed the line at the Olympic Games, it is bedlam for the next, about, five or six hours. Media, press conference, dope control - you might get some food if you're lucky. You might see family if you're lucky.
Although, you know it's been really nice to wear the Olympic kit, I'm looking forward to wearing non-sports, feminine clothes.
My best hair care tip would be, choose a range that is right for your hair structure. Working with Pantene has made me realize the importance of this, and it really does make a difference. I have quite thick hair, so I use the Smooth & Sleek range.
I think women are by nature competitive - secretly, privately within their own selves, on lots of different levels, on the way they look, perform.
A car is a killing machine. It's like waving a loaded gun. People don't realise how dangerous they are.
Eating vegetarian in the past would have been a really bad choice as an athlete. Impossible. Just being able to get the amount of protein in was a mission. You couldn't be picky. I feel quite liberated by the fact that I can now quite recklessly choose vegetarian food.
There have been a lot of moments in my career when things haven't gone to plan.
I've lost a lot more races than I've ever won... it's all part of the journey, really.
People will put restrictions on your ability, on your aptitude, on your talent, on your character, and to be honest, it's just opinion. Don't let anyone put you in a box or draw your path for you.
I used to feel very lonely on the team. The boys would all pair up.
The men couldn't understand how I could be so successful and so insecure at the same time - because it doesn't really exist in the same way in the male psyche.
Maybe guys also have insecurities, but in a sporting arena, they keep it to themselves. I can't do that.
People may think I'm crazy, but one of the ways I like to wind down my Friday is to get some of our household chores done, whether it's cleaning or doing a big food shop, so the house is all nice for the weekend.
Oddly enough you'd think, now that I wasn't training professionally, I'd be able to enjoy a lie-in at the weekend, but I actually slept more when I was competing because I was so tired.
I often felt that I didn't train and race enough team sprint to get it right. You need to know that you've got a place to have that continuity of results. Am I in? Am I out of this one? That's tough.
It's an evolution. The same team doesn't always dominate, and it goes in cycles.
Being a track sprinter, when it's all about a thousandth of a second, there is no escaping the numbers every single day.
I am so in tune with my body that I know how it should feel.
I am fighting my natural body shape to do what I do.
The sponsorship offers have been amazing. I have to turn down a lot.
My success has got so great, it's like I'm trapped, almost, within it.
I compete in a sport on an individual basis, but I have never done it for me.
I was always cycling for my dad. Then the coaches got bigger, and my results got better. Suddenly, the responsibility grows, and I'm doing it for somebody else, I'm doing it for a programme; I'm doing it for the country. I'm doing it for, like, everybody.
Winning the gold medal should have been the happiest day of my entire life, and it just wasn't. It felt like the saddest day of my life. Everyone was so angry with us, that Scott and I had fallen in love, because it was so unprofessional, and we were a disgrace and had betrayed everybody.
As a professional track cyclist, I have always challenged myself, and I enjoy seeing how I cope when faced with the unknown.
I have always loved animals and groomed friends' horses as a child. I think I may have even ridden the odd seaside donkey in my early years.
Anyone that has been lucky enough to go to the races and witness the magnificent spectacle of a competitive race will know how people like me can instantly fall in love with the power and beauty of race horses in full gallop.
Apparently, I have such a serious race face, even when I'm doing a bit of work, at first everybody wasn't sure if I was enjoying it or not. But it's absolutely exhilarating. It feels like you're one with your horse and you're flying.
It's a rare and special feeling to ride a racehorse.
I've been told from the start, 'Don't fall in love with the horses'. But that's so hard. I'm in awe.
You have to be realistic. I'd love to be more famous, have lots of people supporting me, people knowing my name, but I need a tennis racket or a golf club or to play football. Being a female, I don't stand a chance.
It would be great to be recognised for my achievements, but Sports Personality isn't about that.
I thrive on having support around me, even if they are not actively doing something. I feel happier, more confident.
I'm very passionate about my two Dobermans, Stella and Mr Jonty. I go on and on and on about them, and people have to tell me to shut up before I get out pictures of them.
I love watching Crufts on the television, especially the agility tests; I find them very impressive.
I went to Australia and did a three day hike with my fiance through the wilderness, which was nice.
I love sport and will do just about anything. Someone said they'd had a go at skiing off a mountain with a parachute, and that sounds great!
As weird as it is it to see yourself on screen, it made everything we've been through seem very real. And, well, London is only weeks away now.
I quite enjoy sport, and I'm now an Olympic champion. It's a bit weird, isn't it?
I used to wear miniskirts with my GB top, and sparkly sandals, and the boys would be like: 'Oh my gosh, this girl cannot be serious.'
A lot of women in sport tend to take on a very masculine, aggressive look. They want to be perceived as being strong and powerful. I never lost that sense of wanting to retain my femininity.
I think just drinking juice is too extreme for a diet. Your body needs more than juice, so I think it's a very hard thing to do - very challenging and probably very unhealthy for your body. You can't get everything you need from a juice. I love juice because it can provide you with nutrients - but drink it alongside your diet!
