British,Businessman
We learned to put discipline in the haircuts by using actual geometry, actual architectural shapes and bone structure. The cut had to be perfect and layered beautifully, so that when a woman shook it, it just fell back in.
If you don't look good, we don't look good.
Hair excited me. As the old ways - backcombing, rollers and rigidity - went out of the window, I started to feel the possibilities in front of my eyes.
It's okay saying sorry, but when you are drunk you say what you really feel.
Everything about morality and obligations I owe to football.
To me hair dressing means shape. It's very important that the foundations should be right.
You either create something and you keep it a secret and you die with it, or you can benefit the craft.
Hairdressers are a wonderful breed. You work one-on-one with another human being and the object is to make them feel so much better and to look at themselves with a twinkle in their eye.
If you have a sense of style and purpose and will you don't want to compromise.
I was all about my thoughts, my work, my inspiration. I was always in hair.
You must always do what you feel is right.
Bring out the eyes.
Most people have excellent necks. Now they cover them with curtains, which is kind of ridiculous. But there are some beautiful necklines that you can cut into and create wonderful backs, as well as bone structure for the face.
I don't sort of sit in a chair and pompously feel proud of myself about all the things we might have accomplished.
The essence is, what can we do next? And will it be good?
So I was shampooing at 14. But I've always thought that had I the opportunity for an education, I would have been an architect. There's no question about it.
A working woman could save a few shillings a week, and then every five weeks she'd come in and we'd cut her hair. She could shampoo it under the shower, swing it and dry it off or just let it dry by itself. It changed the lives of many young girls who'd never had the opportunity to be styled like that before.
My mother had a premonition and she felt that hairdressing would be very very good for me.
I got a telegraph from my mother who said that my step-father had had a heart attack, come home and earn a living. So I went back to England and the only thing I knew to earn any cash was through hairdressing.
For nine years I worked to change what was hairdressing then into a geometric art form with color, perm without setting which had never been done before.
It's hard to give advice. There are so many people, how do you give major advice to a group of people, it's very presumptuous.
There were so many pretty girls coming into the salon as clients, and others working in the salon. And I thought, 'Hmm. This is rather nice.'
If you get hold of a head of hair on somebody you've never seen before, cut beautiful shapes, cut beautiful architectural angles and she walks out looking so different - I think that's masterful.
It was my mother's idea. Her feeling was that I didn't have the intelligence to pick a trade myself.
I just consider being one of the luckiest people in the sense that creativity came to me and it flowed.
Hairdressing in general hasn't been given the kudos it deserves. It's not recognised by enough people as a worthy craft.
