Mexican,Athlete
Boxing is the most beautiful thing after women.
I will fight 'GGG,' and I will beat 'GGG,' but I will not be forced into the ring by artificial deadlines.
There are great legends and great fighters in the history of Mexico, and there will be more to come.
When I first stepped into the boxing gym, I loved it. I knew it was what I was going to do.
I don't fear anyone. We don't come to play in this sport.
I do two months of strict dieting, so after fight night, I go for whatever my body is craving. It's usually sushi. But after that, I go home to Guadalajara and indulge in a lot of tacos before I have to start getting in shape for another fight.
You can have the best training, but just feeling full can make you sluggish and cause you to lose.
Liam Smith was a resilient fighter. He was tough, has a lot of heart. He thinks before he attacks.
I look like this for a reason. I was born this way. It was God-given.
In Mexico, you have to defend yourself and your honour.
I want to challenge the best, and I'm ready.
I'm focused on being the best, making history.
I just love what I do. I'm not worried about any burnout.
It is a big responsibility to headline on pay-per-view.
I will fight the fight I need to fight to win.
I fought the best; I've never been afraid of anyone.
When I was 15 years old, I left school and became a professional boxer.
My preference is not to fight a Mexican.
Every fight is a different experience.
If you don't take an opponent serious, they surprise you.
My public in Guadalajara and the people from Guadalajara, they've supported me since day one.
I'm prepared for Amir Khan moving swiftly - or for whatever style he comes out using. I prepared with sparring, in the style similar to what he uses.
If other people want to say that I'm the next person in boxing, then that's up to them. That's their opinion.
When I go running, I see Mexicans working hard.
I train to fight, to win.
I'm training and preparing because nothing is predictable in boxing. I'm preparing for those rounds, and if it happens that I get a shot, whatever advantage I have, I will be ready for 12 rounds.
I'm the kind of person who visualizes things before doing them.
I always train 100 percent.
I was taunted because I was different.
There might well have been an Irish great-great-grandfather of mine back then in the 1800s.
I have a noble body. It adapts to all I ask of it.
I appreciate my international fans all over the world.
My fans are going to support me through thick and thin; 100 per cent, they'll always support me.
I don't prepare myself for a specific fighter. I don't choose a fight to prepare myself for another fighter.
I prepare myself to fight; I prepare myself for myself.
There are boxing fans, and there are fans of the UFC. People want to see blood, but people like both.
I just want to create my own history.
I have been fighting the best. I am just 26 and have fought in the biggest arenas.
Getting to fight at the AT&T Stadium is a huge privilege for me and my career.
I'm not worried at all about going to 160 lb.
I'm a strong fighter, I'm a fighter who can adapt to my surroundings.
I'm happy to fight anybody.
I'm confident in the fighter I am, and I have nothing to worry about.
I'm a strong-minded fighter.
Every fight brings out something different in me, and it will be no different in this one. I have learned and gained from all of those experiences. And as I've often said, the public hasn't seen the best of me yet. I need someone like Mayweather to bring that out of me.
There have been numerous tips and numerous people offering advice. I appreciate it because it all comes with good feelings from the heart. But some of it we'll apply, and some things we won't.
I never think about the knockouts. I go into every fight, do my work, and none of that stuff puts pressure on me at all.
There's a lot more to me than just power.
I already have a lot of experience, but the best is yet to come.
I'm 25 years old; I've had a good career, and the best is yet to come. I want to fight for the next 10 years, which will be better than my first 10 years.
I feel comfortable at 154 lbs.
If the people like watching me, see me as an example of someone succeeding, as a young guy who has the will to win, then I'm happy.
I get motivated by the fact people are following me, that they want a photo or say 'vamos' or 'Canelo.'
My goal in boxing is to be the best.
I want to be like a Muhammad Ali, like a Julio Cesar Chavez. So when people talk about boxing, they have to remember Canelo.
I love to push myself.
I take the time to look at my videos after a fight to see not what I did right but what I did wrong, to learn from those mistakes.
I'm very conscious of Miguel Cotto's career... I need to do my part on that night to have victory and create my own legacy in this sport of boxing.
If I can utilise anything, I'll utilise it.
There are no secrets - I've been fighting around 154 lbs and 155 lbs, so I feel comfortable at this weight. This is my weight class.
What matters most is the win.
I've always been able to put things in perspective.
The more desperate you are, the more mistakes you make.
I have to stay calm, cool, and collected.
Many people focus on my power and talk about my power, but I have many more qualities in the ring. I like to surprise everyone.
I had 45 amateur fights, and I was able to win two national titles in those three years as an amateur.
I love brawling, but I'm a smart fighter.
I have a love for boxing.
Angulo presents a difficult challenge because he's a fighter who can punch and take a great punch.
Sometimes, once a fight starts, you have to do what you have to do to win.
As far being the face of boxing, I don't like to name myself that. I leave that up to the media and the fans.
I don't give myself titles. I don't think of that.
What I do is I do my job.
At times, training at home is a distraction, so training in Big Bear was a really good change.
