Mexican,Businessman
Profitability is coming from productivity, efficiency, management, austerity, and the way to manage the business.
The biggest things in life are not materials.
It's important to give a better country to your children, but it is more important to give better children to your country.
Well, when I was very young, maybe 12 years, I began to make investments.
Our philosophy is you need to give nonprofit money for health, nutrition, education, culture, and sports.
I think that anything that has privileges have responsibility and all people that is clear about their responsibility has compromise.
If you are in business, you are not enjoying. You are working.
There are people who are good for letters and others that are good for numbers.
I've always said that the better off you are, the more responsibility you have for helping others. Just as I think it's important to run companies well, with a close eye to the bottom line, I think you have to use your entrepreneurial experience to make corporate philanthropy effective.
The artistic part of us all - I think that the easiest way to appreciate this - is through architecture. Architecture is very impressive; the beauty of buildings, temples.
Any personal crisis - you have to use it to get stronger.
Low interest rates are a big opportunity for investment. But the issue is that this money should go to the real economy, not the financial economy.
How can you be on top of the things you do? I think when you are involved in a business, first of all you need to know the business. After that you know the business, you can - the numbers tell you what is happening. You can read with the numbers.
You cannot make thousands of universities or hundreds of thousands of professors, but with technology and the Internet you can have great courses and make a digital university.
I love baseball. And American Football, too. But not rugby.
My parents weren't artistic, but I was always surrounded by beautiful things. And Mexico is a country which has experienced thousands of years of art and culture.
I studied engineering in the national university, the Universidad Autonoma, in San Ildefonso.
In high school, I loved history. I also loved cosmography, algebra. Mexico is so rich in culture and history, and I have always enjoyed that.
No, my father passed away when I was 13 years old. I was very young.
My mother born in Mexico, but was Lebanese in origin. She born 1902 the same year my father arrived to Mexico when he was 14 years old.
You should have more time for you during all of your life - not when you're 65 and retired.
It's a society of knowledge and experience. You have better experience and knowledge when you are 60, 65 and 70.
I studied engineering in the national university, the Universidad Autonoma, in San Ildefonso. There is art everywhere, murals on the walls. It's beautiful.
We don't take anything when we pass away, and we need to do with the sense of responsibility.
When I was very young, maybe 12 years, I began to make investments.
First I opened a check account. I looked at the - I looked that there was nothing of yield. So I bought some bonds. It was a bond. When I bought this bond, it was duplicated in 10 years. I think it was 10 percent.
