Mexican,Musician
There's never one sunrise the same or one sunset the same.
If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.
Most people don't have that willingness to break bad habits. They have a lot of excuses and they talk like victims.
The most valuable possession you can own is an open heart. The most powerful weapon you can be is an instrument of peace.
Your wrinkles either show that you're nasty, cranky, and senile, or that you're always smiling.
When a baby comes you can smell two things: the smell of flesh, which smells like chicken soup, and the smell of lilies, the flower of another garden, the spiritual garden.
Your mind is a magnet. You don't attract what you need or what you want; you attract who you are. And I love who I am!
Stay in your heart.
Every day you wake up is an opportunity to go beyond, and that 's why I let my band go right now. For the first time in my life I'm just roaming around, vagabonding.
Ever since I was a child I've always been very attracted to melodies. Whether I hear Jeff Beck, a choir, an ocean or the wind, there's always a melody in there.
There's a melody in everything. And once you find the melody, then you connect immediately with the heart. Because sometimes English or Spanish, Swahili or any language gets in the way. But nothing penetrates the heart faster than the melody.
Just as we have two eyes and two feet, duality is part of life.
Some songs are just like tattoos for your brain... you hear them and they're affixed to you.
My dad's a beautiful man, but like a lot of Mexican men, or men in general, a lot of men have a problem with the balance of masculinity and femininity - intuition and compassion and tenderness - and get overboard with the macho thing. It took him a while to become more, I would say, conscious, evolved.
I'm ready to do something with Lady Gaga or Andrea Bocelli. I'm really grateful that nothing is out of the realm of possibility.
The Devil is like a strainer that separates the mud from the gold.
Everybody sooner or later has to drop the luggage and the baggage of illusions.
No one's better than me. I'm not better than anyone. Whether it's Eric Clapton or BB King we look straight at each other. And that keeps it real.
I have been accused of being a very simplistic, very lyrical player, and that's okay. That just comes from the blues, which is my background. But every day you wake up and transcend. You can't ever rest on your laurels.
I realized that it's all really one, that John Lennon was correct. We utilize the music to bring down the walls of Berlin, to bring up the force of compassion and forgiveness and kindness between Palestines, Hebrews. Bring down the walls here in San Diego, Tijuana, Cuba.
There is no person that love cannot heal; there is no soul that love cannot save.
I knuckle down with my demons, and with my weaknesses.
My job in this life is to give people spiritual ecstasy through music. In my concerts people cry, laugh, dance. If they climaxed spiritually, I did my job. I did it decently and honestly.
First of all, the music that people call Latin or Spanish is really African. So Black people need to get the credit for that.
I'm laughing because I know the secret of life. And the secret of life is that I have validated my existence. I know that I am worth more than my house, my bank account, or any physical thing.
Most people are prisoners, thinking only about the future or living in the past. They are not in the present, and the present is where everything begins.
