Mexican,Artist
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
I love you more than my own skin.
Feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly?
I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.
I paint flowers so they will not die.
I am my own muse, the subject I know best.
I leave you my portrait so that you will have my presence all the days and nights that I am away from you.
I find that Americans completely lack sensibility and good taste. They are boring, and they all have faces like unbaked rolls.
I tried to drown my sorrows, but the bastards learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good feeling.
I was a child who went about in a world of colors... My friends, my companions, became women slowly; I became old in instants.
My painting carries with it the message of pain.
I am in agreement with everything my father taught me and nothing my mother taught me.
I am happy to be alive, as long as I can paint.
The most important part of the body is the brain. Of my face, I like the eyebrows and eyes. Aside from that, I like nothing. My head is too small.
I paint my own reality. The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
Painting completed my life.
I put on the canvas whatever comes into my mind.
They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn't. I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality.
Really, I do not know whether my paintings are surrealist or not, but I do know that they are the frankest expression of myself.
Since my subjects have always been my sensations, my states of mind and the profound reactions that life has been producing in me, I have frequently objectified all this in figures of myself, which were the most sincere and real thing that I could do in order to express what I felt inside and outside of myself.
I don't know how to write love letters.
There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst.
Of the opposite sex, I have the moustache and, in general, the face.
To paint is the most terrific thing that there is, but to do it well is very difficult.
The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
My toys were those of a boy: skates, bicycles.
