Mexican,Actress
There's nothing like the first kiss once you've been pronounced husband and wife. It's such a wonderful moment!
I think, at the end of the day, acting and activism are both about empathy. You're trying to get people to see other people as real and human. And to care.
I've never been very cookie cutter. If I choose something different from the status quo, it's my responsibility and my choice to live my life that way.
I love challenging the status quo.
When I've lost weight, some fans get very upset because they want me to stay curvy. But my own self-worth and wellness regime has to do with my well-being and longevity, so if I make the choice to take care of myself, and the outcome is losing weight, it's disappointing that there might be some backlash.
I'm always going to support the LGBT community and equal rights for the LGBT community. That's going to be with me 'till the day I die and beyond. I mean, that's just what it is!
Eating well is a lifelong priority. My appreciation for cooking and healthy living came from watching my best friend die from liver cancer in 2008. I realized that I needed to make some big changes if I wanted to be around for a long time, so now I'm more cautious of how much I eat, what I'm eating, and how often.
I used to watch 'The Bachelor,' but it's lost my interest now. The reality shows are getting worse and worse. They're out of control and have been for some time.
When I was a kid, I really loved watching 'Cinderella.' It's a fantasy, and every girl knows that real life isn't always like these movies, but as a child, I just really loved the story of 'Cinderella.' I found it to be so romantic and just a beautiful movie to watch.
I'm always going to support the LGBT community and equal rights for the LGBT community.
The truth is, unlike TV and film cameras, the theater stage doesn't add 10 pounds.
I had all kinds of fantasies, like a lot of girls, but did I actually go through the motions of planning a wedding and buying bridal magazines and imagining things and setting up who would play what role? No. Because as I grew up, I started to believe that I would be one of those gals that never got married.
The weird thing about working in television is that you only see the people that you're in scenes with.
I know my boyfriend loves to have something to hold onto. There's a lot of men out there who do.
My appreciation for cooking and healthy living came from watching my best friend die from liver cancer in 2008. I realized that I needed to make some big changes if I wanted to be around for a long time, so now I'm more cautious of how much I eat, what I'm eating, and how often.
I love how Jamie Oliver makes seasonal, local foods in a rustic way, without a lot of fuss.
At a certain point, you try to avoid reading feedback or blogs because there's always the risk of reading some sort of negative stuff that can be hard to hear.
Theater feeds my heart and soul.
Adoption is a global issue these days - it's certainly current - and it's encouraging for a lot of couples whether they're straight or gay.
Conflict happens. People aren't happy all of the time.
I'm not going to lie: I still have days when I walk by the mirror on my way to the shower and think, 'Oh God, I didn't just see that!'
In all kinds of ways, I used to be really, really hard on myself.
The reality shows are getting worse and worse. They're out of control and have been for some time.
I am completely grateful and pleased for the attention and the recognition I've received for playing the roles that I've played.
I'm very proud of my heritage.
There is a large group that's not represented on television - the group that falls somewhere in the middle of straight and gay. That group is looked down on, because people say, 'You can't be in-between. You have to pick one or the other.'
