Mexican,Actress
I just feel like sometimes people don't want to hear the truth. It's hard when you hear the truth. People want to hear what they want to hear. Sometimes I have a hard time with that because I'm very honest.
I like difficult people because that means they're perfectionists and they're passionate.
It makes a big difference when men respect women. There are a lot of men who don't, so that's the main quality that would make a good man a great man.
I'm pretty spoilt when it comes to having a glam team.
I grew up in baseball stadiums. It was my two brothers and baseball around me all the time. I knew nothing about film or acting or theater when I was young!
Martinis are glamorous but also so simple because they only have a few ingredients, and you can really taste the vodka.
I personally think Prague is more romantic than Paris. If you have a girlfriend, take her there.
It feels like a dream come true, being a Bond girl. I feel like a princess. It's hard to believe it when I say, 'I'm a Bond girl.'
Birthdays are just weird! I like to have something simple like a dinner with friends and family if possible.
I was in a modeling contest when I was 16. People don't think it's different, modeling versus beauty pageants, but it is. As a model, you're still an individual. When you are crowned a Miss, you are representative of a lot.
My grandma loves beauty pageants, like most of Latin American culture, but it's not for me.
You cannot expect to make an action movie without getting bruises.
I saw 'Y Tu Mama Tambien' with my mom. It was really awkward.
I think in general, and in the film industry, that idea of having only one type of girl is changing. There's more variety because it's the world we live, and we want to portray that.
When I met Christophe Waltz, I was so shy! I was like, 'Oh, hi! Um, I'm Stephanie!' He's one of my favorite actors.
I would say that the energy on set is always the energy of the director because he's the boss.
The thing with fashion is that when I see something that I like, I just go with it. I don't really go towards one designer or the other. It's just what I like. It could be expensive, it could be cheap. If it fits me, and it's my style, I'll wear it.
I wear tennis shoes over and over again, and my black jacket. I always try to be comfortable. It's very important to me to wear comfortable shoes, which are hard to find - beautiful and comfortable at the same time.
You know who I think is very sexy? Nora Jones.
I liked the whole process of creating on set. It's almost like creating magic. The work that the camera guys are doing at the same time, the lighting... all of the people working in their departments to make one thing.
Every project is a new challenge for an actor. If it's not, it's boring.
I enjoy talking to people about what I do - about films, music, directors, and art. It's very strange, having to talk about yourself.
Every Bond girl has a certain charm, and sometimes - almost every time - that charm is more important than beauty. In the films and in life.
I'm really into Spider-Man, in particular. Since I was a little kid.
I started as a model in Mexico - I was traveling, but my base was in Mexico City. And then I studied acting for three years.
I started doing independent films. My first one was 'Miss Bala,' which was very well-received at film festivals.
Trust is important in any relationship, not just a romantic one.
There are much more important things than a man going to the gym. Of course they have to take care of themselves on a certain level, but it's not essential. I think men do it more to impress other men.
I've been learning a lot about how to make a martini and all the variations that you can have with a few ingredients with Belvedere.
I remember admiring my aunt's - my mom's sister's - fashion, which was very feminine and sexy, but always sophisticated.
