Spanish,Driver
Ferrari gives you a special feeling.
I have always been very calm on the outside. I'm not too stressed now just because I'm in formula one. For me, tomorrow will be another day whether I finish first or last. I have to do the maximum and I cannot ask any more from myself.
I like to race, not to do laps alone.
For me, it was not destiny to make it to where I am now - I thought for a long- time I would become a go-kart mechanic, or a job like this, not an F1 driver.
If you're in the best team in the world, you or your teammate have to win.
I like America, and I think probably the American people like me.
When I race in Australia or Korea or Japan I know it will be a big change for me because Ferrari fans are worldwide.
For me it's a simple sport and a simple way to live these seven or eight years of maximum sport.
I am very proud of what we have built in Spain, because it is not a traditional Formula 1 country. I think we have found passionate fans, and built up a strong culture for the sport - and things are improving every day, with more and more people getting interested.
I look at myself as someone who has been very lucky - my job is also what I enjoy most in the world, and I can make my life doing it.
In Spain there were no TV rights for Formula One.
Creating a top team and being in a position to win the Tour de France will give me a nice feeling. But I know it is not easy to create a top team from zero. You need good riders, good staff, a lot of preparation and, most important, a lot of sponsors.
When I race in Australia or Korea or Japan, I know it will be a big change for me because Ferrari fans are worldwide. It's very nice if you win, but it's not so good if you lose. All this is part of being a Ferrari driver.
After five years in Ferrari, being second all the time, I think it was enough for me.
McLaren was a risky project because they were completely new, but we are one team - we win and we lose together.
With Ferrari sometimes, you win or you lose depending on what the mood of the team in general, of the group in general.
