Swiss,Driver
Singapore is a pretty fantastic place, and the race is always a challenge.
Singapore is a pretty special race with it being held at night; it makes a great show for the fans.
I have a great love for cuisine, so I'm always interested in local food, and there are so many interesting dishes, spices and ingredients in India.
Sometimes the challenge of beating the jet lag and getting a decent sleep can be as hard to solve as finding the right setup for the car!
I like to smile a lot before going in the car. I make jokes, even on the grid, and then I can still manage to focus when it counts.
Monaco is a very special event in its own right, and the atmosphere is quite crazy! As a driver, you have to stay calm and relaxed and try to do your job.
As a driver, you want to race every lap possible, especially when you've got a good car.
I know I won't be the first one to say this, but Suzuka is definitely my favourite circuit of the year.
Every track has its challenges, but Suzuka is a continuous test of a driver's skills, and I think that's what makes it so beautiful to drive.
Tyre management has always been part of the qualifying strategy and the race itself. I don't know about others; I just know that I always push as much as I can to obtain the best result possible.
If I had to pick favourite parts of Interlagos, I would say the first and last corners. The first corner is really technical and punishes you if you get it wrong, while the last corner is so fast and really puts quite a strain on your body. As a driver, I really enjoy these corners.
It's always fantastic to be on the podium, and, of course, the top step is always our target.
As a driver, you always want to be in the car getting as much experience as possible; especially when there's something new like different tyres.
You never want to concede a place, but when you're leading the race or fighting for a podium position, you can find ways to make your car very wide!
I love street races; there's something about racing in the middle of a city.
Our regular fitness programme means that the race lasting longer than others should not be a problem, but something you have to prepare for in Singapore is ensuring you always keep well-hydrated, as the heat and humidity can easily dehydrate you.
It's a special feeling when you are blasting through the park along the Monza straights, and there are so many really enthusiastic fans there. I have to admit, though, it's not only the racing I'm looking forward to, as Italian cuisine is superb.
Silverstone is challenging, but it has a good feel. It's one of the quickest tracks of the year, with legendary corners like the Magotts, Becketts, Chapel complex.
An English summer's day is wonderful, but sometimes you have to look hard to find one!
Monaco is quite a specialist track, and it is very difficult to say if a car will be suited to it or not. It's bumpy on the straights, and it's a very low-grip surface. All these things mean that you never know what to expect.
Montreal is different from Monaco, as there are some long straights and big braking moments.
I like Hockenheim because I've raced there quite a few times. In fact, one of my first single seater races was there in Formula Renault 1.6 in 2003.
The key is trying to go quick without killing your tyres.
I always wake up kind of early - well, early for me, which is about 8 A.M.
I usually sleep ten to eight hours per night. I sometimes also have a nap in the afternoon.
I think I am disciplined when I need to be, and relax when I can.
