Jamaican,Musician
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively.
Don't gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold.
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.
Herb is the healing of a nation, alcohol is the destruction.
When one door is closed, don't you know, another is open.
Money can't buy life.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.
If you're white and you're wrong, then you're wrong; if you're black and you're wrong, you're wrong. People are people. Black, blue, pink, green - God make no rules about color; only society make rules where my people suffer, and that why we must have redemption and redemption now.
I no have education. I have inspiration. If I was educated, I would be a damn fool.
If something can corrupt you, you're corrupted already.
In this bright future you can't forget your past.
When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself.
As a man sow, shall he reap. and I know that talk is cheap. But the heat of the battle is as sweet as the victory.
Rastafari not a culture, it's a reality.
The more people smoke herb, the more Babylon fall.
I don't know how to live good. I only know how to suffer.
You not supposed to feel down over whatever happen to you. I mean, you're supposed to use whatever happen to you as some type of upper, not a downer.
You have to be someone.
Babylon is everywhere. You have wrong and you have right. Wrong is what we call Babylon, wrong things. That is what Babylon is to me. I could have born in England, I could have born in America, it make no difference where me born, because there is Babylon everywhere.
I don't stand for the black man's side, I don' t stand for the white man's side. I stand for God's side.
