Iranian,Director
In the total darkness, poetry is still there, and it is there for you.
The day we run out of petrol is the day Iran will be free.
My way of expression is full of complications and mystery because that's my perception of life.
The world is my workshop. It is not my home.
I really enjoy listening to stories. I remember them and keep them in my mind.
Whenever people ask me what the story is for my next film, I won't tell and people feel it's because I'm being secretive or something, but it's actually because I'm ashamed to sum up a film in three sentences.
I've often noticed that we are not able to look at what we have in front of us, unless it's inside a frame.
The calling of art is to extract us from our daily reality, to bring us to a hidden truth that's difficult to access - to a level that's not material but spiritual.
Film is very much a universal and common voice, and we can't limit it to one particular culture.
Digital photography is, by definition, unfinished. You don't feel that after every 24 or 36 shots you have to change your film - you know you can go on for ever if you want. You can see the result immediately, and find out if your original idea is worth going on with or not, whether it can be corrected, whether it can be improved.
Good cinema is what we can believe, and bad cinema is what we can't believe.
In order to be universal, you have to be rooted in your own culture.
I feel like a tree. A tree doesn't feel a duty to start doing something about the earth from which it comes. A tree just has to bear fruit, and leaves and blossoms. It doesn't feel grateful to the earth.
Cinema seats make people lazy. They expect to be given all the information. But for me, question marks are the punctuation of life.
I never reflect or convey that which I have not experienced myself.
I spend a lot of time doing carpentry. Sometimes there is nothing that gives me the contentment that sawing a piece of wood does.
I am a citizen of the world.
I never really learned photography.
Usually when I write a script, I have in mind some real people that I'm writing about, who don't always act in the film afterward.
My films have been progressing towards a certain kind of minimalism, even though it was never intended. Elements which can be eliminated have been eliminated.
Cinema gives you the opportunity to be both a grandparent and a grandchild whereas in life you cannot be both at the same time.
I think violence can never be justified.
There is violence in real life but I would never impose violence in a film just to attract the audience.
A movie is about human beings, about humanity.
All the different nations in the world, despite their differences of appearance and religion and language and way of life, still have one thing in common, and that is what's inside of all of us. If we X-rayed the insides of different human beings, we wouldn't be able to tell from those X-rays what the person's language or background or race is.
Poetry always runs away from you - it's very difficult to grasp it, and every time you read it, depending on your conditions, you will have a different grasp of it. Whereas with a novel, once you have read it, you have grasped it.
