Israeli,Clergyman
Poverty is from the devil and that God wants all Christians prosperous.
I walk in the realm of the supernatural.
Where in the Bible does it say I have to drive a Honda?
The anointing, which is God's power, comes on me... I can actually feel it. And people start getting healed. From the cancer, the pain is gone.
Over the years, there's been some cases where people did come up who said they were healed, but really they were not healed. I do believe it's possible for individuals to mentally convince themselves they are, but that does not deny the real healings. That doesn't dismiss the fact that a lot of people are really cured.
I know me, and those close to me know me. But sadly, the outside world thinks I'm some kind of a crook.
Because when God heals a body, that is temporal; but when God saves a soul, that has eternal importance.
Because we are continually growing in the Lord, preachers and lay people alike must be open to the Lord's correction.
Before I die, I will preach to the Muslims in the Arab world. I will preach in Egypt, Lebanon, Syria and Iran. I will preach in Tehran. I will do it under the umbrella of God. And see its impact.
No, I'm not wealthy.
I have come to realize that God is sovereign, and there are things I just don't understand.
Do you know that every unbeliever is filled with a demon spirit?
God will not move unless I say it. Why? because He has made us coworkers with Him. He set things up that way.
Look, any amount I make, somebody's going to be mad.
I feel terrible that I once put too much emphasis on material prosperity.
God sent Jesus as an example to see if we could retain and maintain the Holy Spirit in human flesh.
If you will come back and make that pledge, God will heal your heart tonight.
We receive by faith and we keep it by faith.
I can tell you this, if it wasn't for my book royalties, I'd be in debt.
The day is coming when there will not be one sick saint in the body of Christ.
Adam was a super-being when God created him.
I'm an open book.
When it comes to the income of the ministry, I have no problem talking about it or what happens to the money.
Because we're human beings, we're not always going to be perfect.
It's not been a pleasant life.
I'd be a fool to be in this for the money.
