American,Clergyman
The world is wrong side up. It needs to be turned upside down in order to be right side up.
Hypocrites in the Church? Yes, and in the lodge and at the home. Don't hunt through the Church for a hypocrite. Go home and look in the mirror. Hypocrites? Yes. See that you make the number one less.
A revival does two things. First, it returns the Church from her backsliding and second, it causes the conversion of men and women; and it always includes the conviction of sin on the part of the Church. What a spell the devil seems to cast over the Church today!
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
Conversion is a complete surrender to Jesus. It's a willingness to do what he wants you to do.
Temptation is the devil looking through the keyhole. Yielding is opening the door and inviting him in.
Some persons think that they have to look like a hedgehog to be pious.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.
More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent.
After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.
Hell is the highest reward that the devil can offer you for being a servant of his.
They tell me a revival is only temporary; so is a bath, but it does you good.
Whiskey is all right in its place - but its place is hell.
What have you given the world it never possessed before you came?
There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.
Religion needs a baptism of horse sense.
When is a revival needed? When carelessness and unconcern keep the people asleep.
The trouble with many men is that they have got just enough religion to make them miserable. If there is not joy in religion, you have got a leak in your religion.
Try praising your wife, even if it does frighten her at first.
I believe that a long step toward public morality will have been taken when sins are called by their right names.
Some persons have lived manly or womanly lives, and they lack but one thing - open confession of the Lord Jesus Christ. Some men think that they must come to him in a certain way - that they must be stirred by emotion or something like that.
I believe the Bible is the word of God from cover to cover.
Live so that when the final summons comes you will leave something more behind you than an epitaph on a tombstone or an obituary in a newspaper.
The devil says I'm out, but the Lord says I'm safe.
I am a temperance Republican down to my toes.
If you don't do your part, don't blame God.
