American,Clergyman
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.
The difference between something good and something great is attention to detail.
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.
A teardrop on earth summons the King of heaven.
The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
Prejudice is a learned trait. You're not born prejudiced; you're taught it.
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
Words can never adequately convey the incredible impact of our attitudes toward life. The longer I live the more convinced I become that life is 10 percent what happens to us and 90 percent how we respond to it.
The world has changed and it's going to keep changing, but God never changes; so we are safe when we cling to Him.
The secret of living a life of excellence is merely a matter of thinking thoughts of excellence. Really, it's a matter of programming our minds with the kind of information that will set us free.
When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic.
It is easy for Christians to have the false impression that once we have established a relationship with Christ, which we believe sets us right with God, the problems of life will somehow scoot away or they will slowly be removed from our lives.
The wonderful thing about God is he knows what we need to persuade us.
Alleged 'impossibilities' are opportunities for our capacities to be stretched.
I let people see the cracks in my life. We can't be phony. We've got to keep it real.
One of the worst things you can give to your people is someone you're not.
I'm not against screens, or new songs, or innovation. I just don't like the gimmicks. I want to know when worship is over that that leader's sole purpose was to glorify the Lord Jesus Christ.
When you have a sense of calling, whether it's to be a musician, soloist, artist, in one of the technical fields, or a plumber, there is something deep and enriching when you realize it isn't just a casual choice, it's a divine calling. It's not limited to vocational Christian service by any means.
Because God gave you your makeup and superintended every moment of your past, including all the hardship, pain, and struggles, He wants to use your words in a unique manner. No one else can speak through your vocal cords, and, equally important, no one else has your story.
When you are giving people the gospel, you are giving them something to believe, and you have to set the stage for that. You don't just drive up and dump the truck and drive off.
I'm here today to warn you: I want you to watch out for the adversary. Guard yourself from any spirit of entitlement. Restrain any and all subtle temptation to gain attention or to find ways to promote yourself.
When I think of vision, I have in mind the ability to see above and beyond the majority.
One of my great goals in life is to live long enough to where I am in the pulpit, preaching my heart out, and I die on the spot, my chin hits the pulpit - boom! - and I'm down and out. What a way to die!
