American,Clergyman
The all-seeing eye of God beheld our deplorable state; infinite pity touched the heart of the Father of mercies; and infinite wisdom laid the plan of our recovery.
First, Resolve upon, and daily endeavour to practise, a life of seriousness and strict sobriety.
We should always look upon ourselves as God's servants, placed in God's world, to do his work; and accordingly labour faithfully for him; not with a design to grow rich and great, but to glorify God, and do all the good we possibly can.
Again, Be careful to make a good improvement of precious time.
My disorder has been attended with several symptoms of a consumption; and I have been at times apprehensive that my great change was at hand: yet blessed be God, I have never been affrighted; but, on the contrary, at times much delighted with a view of its approach.
I fear God never showed mercy to one so vile as I.
Oh, how precious is time, and how it pains me to see it slide away, while I do so little to any good purpose.
I am an old sinner; and if God had designed mercy for me, he would have called me home to himself before now.
Ardent love or desire introduced, as passionately longing to please and glorify the Divine Being, to be in every respect conformed to him, and in that way to enjoy him.
Worldly pleasures, such as flow from greatness, riches, honours, and sensual gratifications, are infinitely worse than none.
When you cease from labour, fill up your time in reading, meditation, and prayer: and while your hands are labouring, let your heart be employed, as much as possible, in divine thoughts.
I am more weary of life, I think, than ever I was.
I have a secret thought from some things I have observed, that God may perhaps design you for some singular service in the world.
If you hope for happiness in the world, hope for it from God, and not from the world.
Once more, Never think that you can live to God by your own power or strength; but always look to and rely on him for assistance, yea, for all strength and grace.
We are a long time in learning that all our strength and salvation is in God.
A few of the sublimest geniuses of Rome and Athens had some faint discoveries of the spiritual nature of the human soul, and formed some probable conjectures, that man was designed for a future state of existence.
As the most extravagant errors were received among the established articles of their faith, so the most infamous vices obtained in their practice, and were indulged not only with impunity, but authorized by the sanction of their laws.
As to my success here I cannot say much as yet: the Indians seem generally kind, and well-disposed towards me, and are mostly very attentive to my instructions, and seem willing to be taught further.
Further, Take heed that you faithfully perform the business you have to do in the world, from a regard to the commands of God; and not from an ambitious desire of being esteemed better than others.
I bless God for this retirement: I never was more thankful for any thing than I have been of late for the necessity I am under of self-denial in many respects.
I board with a poor Scotchman: his wife can talk scarce any English.
I have withstood the power of convictions a long time; and therefore I fear I shall be finally left of God.
The whole world appears to me like a huge vacuum, a vast empty space, whence nothing desirable, or at least satisfactory, can possibly be derived; and I long daily to die more and more to it; even though I obtain not that comfort from spiritual things which I earnestly desire.
