American,Clergyman
Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it foregoes revenge and dares to forgive an injury.
Neutral men are the devil's allies.
Not in achievement, but in endurance, of the human soul, does it show its divine grandeur and its alliance with the infinite.
The bosom can ache beneath diamond brooches; and many a blithe heart dances under coarse wool.
A true man never frets about his place in the world, but just slides into it by the gravitation of his nature, and swings there as easily as a star.
Every action of your life touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
Profaneness is a brutal vice. He who indulges in it is no gentleman.
Gaiety is often the reckless ripple over depths of despair.
Through every rift of discovery some seeming anomaly drops out of the darkness, and falls, as a golden link into the great chain of order.
Skepticism has never founded empires, established principals, or changed the world's heart. The great doers in history have always been people of faith.
Tribulation will not hurt you, unless as it too often does; it hardens you and makes you sour, narrow and skeptical.
No more duty can be urged upon those who are entering the great theater of life than simple loyalty to their best convictions.
An aged Christian, with the snow of time upon his head, may remind us that those points of earth are whitest which are nearest to heaven.
Bigotry dwarfs the soul by shutting out the truth.
The creed of a true saint is to make the best of life, and to make the most of it.
The essence of justice is mercy.
At the bottom of not a little of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they have not the courage to face public opinion.
Ostentation is the signal flag of hypocrisy.
This is the essential evil of vice, that it debases man.
Pride is the master sin of the devil, and the devil is the father of lies.
The downright fanatic is nearer to the heart of things than the cool and slippery disputant.
Poetry is the utterance of deep and heart-felt truth - the true poet is very near the oracle.
Fashion is the science of appearances, and it inspires one with the desire to seem rather than to be.
