American,Clergyman
I just believe as a Christian, we are to show love; we are to show compassion to people, not to point the finger, not to do this, but to do this - to love them, to welcome them, to embrace them.
Most Christians would not recognize Mormonism as part of the Christian faith.
We certainly love the Muslim people. But that is not the faith of this country. And that is not the religion that built this nation. The people of the Christian faith and the Jewish faith are the ones who built America, and it is not Islam.
I think AIDS can be won. I think we can win this fight. It is winnable. But it means behavior change.
I was 22 years old when I asked Christ to come into my heart. You cannot be born a Christian; you can only be converted. And that is by putting your faith and trust in Christ.
All I know is that I'm a sinner and that God has forgiven me of my sins. Because I put my faith and trust in Jesus Christ.
There is no question that America has been a nation that has been blessed by almighty God. There is no other nation in the history of mankind that has done what His nation has done - and it's because of God's hand and His blessing.
Every life is precious to God. God created every one of us. He gave us a soul, and that soul will live as long as God lives.
God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.
In my opinion, Putin is right on these issues. Obviously, he may be wrong about many things, but he has taken a stand to protect his nation's children from the damaging effects of any gay and lesbian agenda.
Syria, for all its problems, at least has a constitution that guarantees equal protection of citizens. Around the world, we have seen that this is essential where Christians are a minority and are not protected.
I regret any comments I have ever made which may have cast any doubt on the personal faith of our president, Mr. Obama.
I think Newt Gingrich is a Christian; at least, he told me he is.
We have taken God out of our education system. We have taken Him out of government. You have lawyers that sue you every time you mention the name of Jesus Christ in any public forum.
It's hard to pin down what it means to be an evangelical today. It's been diluted quite a bit. It is a powerful voting bloc, no question, but they're liberal as well as conservative - and they're made of Latinos, blacks, whites.
You have to look at what a person does with his life. Anyone can say that he's a Christian, but you look at how they live.
Jesus Christ came for me, and he came for each person that is infected with HIV/AIDS. God loves that person. He doesn't hate them. They've made mistakes. We've all made mistakes. But God loves them, God cares for them, and Jesus Christ died for their sins.
Everybody's got their phone up and everybody's taking recordings and posting it on YouTube and whatever and sending it to you, and it gets shown around the world.
God empowered him; and my father, when he stood to preach, he wasn't preaching his message, he was preaching God's message.
I saw my father preach in Madison Square Garden, and I was a little embarrassed, I think, the first time I heard him preach. That's my father up there, and I kind of slid down in my chair.
I've never really been one to try to be politically correct. I just feel truth is truth, and sometimes I probably offend some people.
