American,Clergyman
Reason cannot calm the storm of emotion, and emotion usually wins, until it settles down and allows reason to rise again and apologize on behalf of it.
All of the people are the dependents of Allah.
A tree grows. If you're staying the same, something is wrong. You're not alive.
The acquisition of knowledge - knowledge of both the world and of their own religion - will inoculate young people against extremist ideologies.
A democracy is predicated on an educated citizenry. You cannot have a democracy with people that are more interested in what Nicole Kidman is doing or whoever the latest fashion model is.
I know that people can live celibate lives. I did it myself for many years.
In being aware of others' hunger, we contribute to a more empathic world.
People can't think when their minds are clouded with fear.
ISIS is very similar to the Kharijites, who were a toxic off-shoot of Islam. It's not Islam; it's a perversion of Islam, and to label these militant externalities as Islam is to legitimize their actions.
For believers, both privilege and privation are a trial, and both demand responses: one demands service, and the other demands patience. The greatest privilege is to live well in flourishing lands; the greatest privation is to live in the midst of war, especially civil war.
I've said some things about other religions that I regret now. I think they were incorrect.
Islam was hijacked on that September 11, 2001, on that plane, as an innocent victim.
Many people in the West do not realise how oppressive some Muslim states are - both for men and for women. This is a cultural issue, not an Islamic one.
I would rather live as a Muslim in the West than in most of the Muslim countries, because I think the way Muslims are allowed to live in the West is closer to the Muslim way.
September 11 was a wake-up call to me. I don't want to contribute to the hate in any shape or form. I now regret in the past being silent about what I have heard in the Islamic discourse and being part of that with my own anger.
Katrina did much more damage than anything the terrorists could ever put together.
The fear tactic is a tactic that's used by people who want to maintain control, and it's very effective.
When a man wrote a political screed against the IRS and flew into its building, he was deemed mentally ill, even though it was clearly a political act. There's a double standard, which is: If his name is Muhammad, it's automatically terrorism.
America is about choices, including those to live certain lifestyles.
If you don't have religious fallibilism, you have immense problems.
Corruption is rife in the Muslim world, and when it is coupled with the marginalization of religion, it manifests itself as frustration and becomes a fertile recruiting ground for extremism.
You don't fight ideas with bombs.
My alignment is with what I perceive as just and fair. If it's with the Muslims, then I'm with the Muslims, if it's with the West then I'm with the West. It's about justice and fairness.
I don't align myself with the West of the Muslim world. I align myself with what I perceive to be just and in accordance with my principles - the principles that I live my life by which are universal principles and that are embodied in the religion of Islam.
I really believe that carpet-bombing, bombing civilian populations, is a form of terror - it's state terror as opposed to vigilante terrorism.
I think that the idea of a war on an abstract noun is unacceptable.
I think the Hajj tends to reflect the state of the Ummah. That's one of the things about the Hajj is that you get to see the Ummah. It's a microcosm of the Ummah's condition.
A lot of our leadership has become acutely aware of speaking more fairly, of speaking more balanced, of recognizing that hate speech in any form, even if it comes out of emotional anger, is dangerous.
The thing I love most about going to a book store is the self-help section is the biggest section because Americans know we're screwed up. We know it. But we want to get better.
I think all this Facebook stuff should just stop!
Live your lives. Go out; take walks amongst trees.
Stop taking pictures and start experiencing life.
Palestine is the issue, and until this issue is resolved, there can be no peace.
We must assert to the Abrahamic people that we are the last extension of the Abrahamic religion... There is no such thing as an Islamic tribe.
Hunger can bring out the worst in us.
There are many ways to be hungry. One can hunger for love, or fame or social justice, but hunger for food seems to curb all other cravings.
Certainly, hunger can bring out the worst in us. But it can also bring out the best.
