American,Clergyman
Jesus said, 'Judge not, lest ye be judged.' Let's stop trying to choose the political leaders who we believe are the most godly because, in reality, only God knows people's hearts. You and I don't, and we are all sinners.
Like other universities do, Liberty hosts a number of events for outside organizations, businesses, and schools simply because we have the facilities that can accommodate them. It is a form of community service by Liberty and, because we are centrally located in the state, our campus is a good option for state events.
Liberty University is the world's largest and fastest-growing evangelical university.
There really is a hunger and a demand for something different in higher education.
We're all sinners, every one of us. We've all done things we wish we hadn't.
I believe we have a responsibility, even if our job is to lead a nonprofit organization, as private citizens to be good citizens and to make our voices heard.
I am proud to offer my endorsement of Donald J. Trump for President of the United States. He is a successful executive and entrepreneur, a wonderful father, and a man who I believe can lead our country to greatness again.
In my opinion, Donald Trump lives a life of loving and helping others as Jesus taught in the great commandment. He cannot be bought; he's not a puppet on a string like many other candidates... who have wealthy donors as their puppet masters.
I just see how Donald Trump treats other people, and I was impressed by that.
We're never going to have a perfect candidate unless Jesus Christ is on the ballot.
Matthew 7:16 tells us that by their fruits you shall know them. Donald Trump's life has borne fruit, fruit that has provided jobs to multitudes of people in addition to the many he has helped with his generosity.
Liberty never had to file bankruptcy, thanks to God's blessings, but we did go through tough times and painful debt restructuring in the 1990s.
Jesus taught that we should give to the poor and support widows, but he never said that we should elect a government that would take money from our neighbor's hand and give it to the poor.
I see a lot of parallels between my father and Donald Trump.
My family has grown to love all of the Trumps because they are wonderful people willing to sacrifice much for their country.
Jesus said, 'Render unto Caesar that which is Caesar's,' and part of that was to go to war, protecting whatever nation was under control of the king. I wouldn't agree with any interpretation of Scripture that was used to say that a man or a woman shouldn't protect their families.
I don't understand why it's controversial for law-abiding citizens protecting themselves under the Second Amendment.
I believe we all have the right as private citizens to endorse candidates and participate in the political process.
It's not our job to choose the best Sunday school teacher, like Jimmy Carter was. It's our job to choose who would defend and protect our nation, who would be the best president.
Donald Trump is a breath of fresh air in the nation where the political establishment from both parties has betrayed their constituencies time and time again.
I really believe that anybody on the Left or the Right that tries to invoke the teachings of Jesus to say they should vote for this candidate or that candidate, I think they're stretching Scripture.
Donald Trump has stunned the political world by building an unlikely coalition that crosses all demographic boundaries of age, sex, race, religion and social classes, and all party lines.
In politics, sometimes the best measure of success is the reaction of your enemies.
The best doctor, if you're sick, may not be the one that shares your faith. We found that out to be true at Liberty with the years of struggles with the accountants and lawyers we brought in and the financial management.
A lot of Ivy League schools have presidents who are very politically active. And I don't think it has an impact on whether a student chooses a school or a donor gives to a school.
It was funny that rank-and-file evangelicals were ahead of all the leadership. They saw for decades conservative Republicans had made promises to them on issues that were important to Christians and conservatives when they were running for office. But when they won, they didn't keep those promises.
Wouldn't it be something if Liberty's votes were enough to change which presidential candidate won Virginia and maybe even the presidency itself?
Anybody would be a vast improvement over Obama.
If we all did as Jesus did when he helped the poor, we wouldn't need the government.
I think our model is sustainable. If all schools operated like Liberty and charged what we charge, there wouldn't be a student loan problem in America.
So many of the schools are just politically correct mirrors of each other. If you go to this school versus that school, you're just going to get a different version of the same political correctness and liberal indoctrination.
I believe that over 90 percent of LU students try hard to comply with the behavioral code and are supportive of the school's mission.
I've always been careful to make it clear that my endorsement of Trump is mine only.
