American,Clergyman
I'm gonna be blunt and plain, if one ever looks at me like that I'm gonna kill him and tell God he died.
Christians are supposed to be the most forgiving people on the face of the Earth.
The Media is ruled by Satan. But yet I wonder if many Christians fully understand that.
Philosophies change by the day while God never changes, simply because, being perfect, He does not have to change!
I have sinned against You, my Lord, and I would ask that your precious blood would wash and cleanse every stain until it is in the seas of God's forgiveness.
If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell.
If you look hard enough, you'll find something good about me and say it.
I don't appreciate a preacher who commits adultery and then goes out and blames me.
I get amazed, I can't look at it but about 10 seconds, at these politicians dancing around this, dancing around this, I'm trying to find a correct name for it, this utter absolute, asinine, idiotic stupidity of men marrying men.
I've never seen a man in my life I wanted to marry.
Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact. Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.
The minister of the Gospel is really the yardstick by which the nation measures its morals.
I have sinned against you, my Lord.
I'm knocking our pitiful, pathetic lawmakers. And I thank God that President Bush has stated, we need a Constitutional amendment that states that marriage is between a man and a woman.
I'm not knocking the poor homosexual, I'm not. They need salvation just like anybody else.
It's a humorous statement that doesn't mean anything. You can't lie to God - it's ridiculous.
I gave my heart to the Lord, and I remember the incident vividly. The Lord spoke to me. I know that sounds funny. It was not an audible voice or anything of that nature.
I'm knocking our pitiful, pathetic lawmakers.
You can't lie to God - it's ridiculous.
Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact.
Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.
You can find things about me you don't like. And frankly, I don't want to hear it.
I feel like it's my responsibility and my obligation to stand up and to say that which I believe to be the truth.
