Clergyman
Television, radio, social media. The 24/7 news cycle plows forward mercilessly on our desks, in our cars and in our pockets. Thousands and thousands of messages and voices bombard us from the moment we wake, fighting for our attention. All we see and hear, all day long, is news. And most of it is bad.
What you believe is very powerful. If you have toxic emotions of fear, guilt and depression, it is because you have wrong thinking, and you have wrong thinking because of wrong believing.
There are days when my heart is troubled, and just being in the Lord's presence and thinking about His love for me fills my heart with inexplicable peace and joy.
Sin does not stop God's grace from flowing, but God's grace will stop sin.
The law condemns the best of us; but grace saves the worst of us.
Laughter is God's blessing.
God doesn't want us to have rigid rituals with Him. In the new covenant, He is more interested in having a relationship with us.
As they come forth, Lord, to sow, release upon them, Father, the power to get, to create, to receive wealth in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.
When we are fearful and worried all the time, we are living as if we don't believe that we have a strong and able Shepherd who is tenderhearted toward us, who only leads us to good places, who protects us and lovingly watches over us.
It is the truth of grace and not of the law that brings you true freedom. The truth of the law only binds you. In fact, religious bondage is one of the most crippling bondages with which a person can be encumbered. Religious bondage keeps one in constant fear, guilt, and anxiety.
One day in God's grace is equivalent to a thousand days of striving by your own efforts.
Knowing that you are completely forgiven destroys the power of sin in your life.
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
I'm not saying everything out there is bad and toxic, but there are some things that are not scriptural. For example, some people don't understand that the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
I began to realize that when people experience the love of God, it casts out their fear and frees them from guilt.
Only the holy spirit, the spirit of the lord, can transform us.
A lot of things we don't have to have, but they're enjoyable.
The more I thought to myself, 'Are my thoughts right, am I being obedient enough?' the worse it was... one of the most painful things you can experience in life is not so much physical pain, but being self-occupied. Because to the extent you are self-occupied, that's the extent you will be in pain.
We are not forgiven because we are good. We are forgiven because Christ bore our sins.
Only those who are built up can build others up, amen?
The only reason I don't want to commit adultery is because I love my wife and I love my lord.
Listen with grace, with no judgment, without imposing the law.
You cannot mock God because whatever good thing you do, you're gonna reap for it.
Wrong believing puts people in a prison. Even though there are no physical shackles, wrong believing causes its inmates to behave as though they were incarcerated in a maximum-security penitentiary.
Prosperity is right. Amen. We prosper to prosper others. We prosper to prosper God's kingdom, so come believing.
Isn't it interesting that God appears holy when he's gracious?
