British,Clergyman
Old friends die on you, and they're irreplaceable. You become dependent.
Good things come, and I'm not just referring to riding the buses.
I learnt pity, sympathy, and what it was like to be at the other end of the stick. Such lessons can't be learnt in lecture halls.
Because of my Marxism, I was not into myths or miracles, whether it was the virgin birth, the physical resurrection or casting out demons from an epileptic.
The secular world is more spiritual than it thinks, just as the ecclesiastical world is more materialist than it cares to acknowledge.
I found that when I did something for the sake of heaven, heaven happened. These things changed my life. I owe them to my encounter with Christianity.
To my surprise, my 70s are nicer than my 60s and my 60s than my 50s, and I wouldn't wish my teens and 20s on my enemies.
On the way to work good-hearted young girls sometimes offer me their seats, which I accept and bless them in return, a transaction satisfying to all concerned.
I literally fell among Quakers when I went up to Oxford.
I was certainly open for something being on the edge of a nervous breakdown, perplexed by my own sexuality. I was gay.
I was not allowed a physical lover. Falling in love with Love was the best I could get.
I began to see that my problems, seen spiritually, were really my soul's plusses.
Praying privately in churches, I began to discover that heaven was my true home and also that it was here and now, woven into this life.
The real evidence for Jesus and Christianity is in how Jesus and the Christianity based on him manifest themselves in the lives of practicing Christians.
It was admitted by the early rabbis that the sectarians could be as full of good works as eggs were full of meat.
In speaking of Jesus, I must speak about Christianity because I do not think it possible or profitable to divide the two.
The real evidence is not practically speaking in scholarship but in how Jesus and the Christianity based on him manifest themselves in the lives of practising Christians. Their lives are the proofs of their beliefs.
During the Second World War, evacuated to non-Jewish households, I encountered Christianity at home and in school.
The Christian use of religion as a personal love affair both shocked me, and attracted me.
At religious instruction classes, I encountered The Pilgrims Progress by John Bunyan, and the sincerity of the traveller in that book was overwhelming.
Christianity had two faces which bewildered me - two pictures which didn't fit.
For some years I deserted religion in favour of Marxism. The republic of goodness seemed more attainable than the Kingdom of God.
Early on I saw the repression and idolatry of Stalinism, and when it cracked, I was open to religion again.
For a Christian, Jesus is the unique and only way that God has fully revealed himself. For a Jew this cannot be.
Someone gave me a New Testament. I had never before read it systematically. Some parts made sense, some parts shocked me.
Some of the parables of the Kingdom made wonderful sense, but the exclusivity in the New Testament put me off.
