Iraqi,Clergyman
No one has the right to ignite a war and lead an occupation and armies to conquer people, invading them and make them suffer all kinds of torture, murder, expulsion, displacement, bombing and terrorism by different lethal prohibited weapons and then come and speak as the savior of the people or a defender of their rights.
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.
Go forth from our holy land and go back to your families who are waiting for you impatiently, that you and we, as well, lead a peaceful life together.
When the Americans advance, we harass and retreat, fire from new positions and then retreat again. If the attacking force is too big, we call for support.
The small Satan left and the great Satan came.
Everything that happens is determined by God.
For us, holding on to religious rules, and following them, and refraining from what's forbidden, and being diligent with our duties, what do we call that? That's what we call freedom.
So, if I were arrested or if I were killed, then after me the issues that American fears about me wouldn't exist anymore - and I couldn't tell you what those issues are.
I am a part of the political process whether the multinational forces are present or not. Politics is serving the people, not chairs and positions.
All Iraqis should live under one roof and for one goal.
I have said it many times: the policy of exclusion and the policy of marginalization must end in Iraq.
Divisiveness is not good for the people.
If the government fails to listen to your demands, then you will decide what is best for you.
Enough of this occupation, terror and abuse. We are not in need of your help. We are able to combat and defeat terrorism, and achieve unity. We are not in need of your bases, your experience and etc.
I have a red line against the Americans.
The resistance will be exclusively conducted by only one group. This new group will be defined soon by me.
We will not stop resisting the occupation until liberation or martyrdom.
May God preserve you and watch over you.
We have not forgotten the occupier. We remain a resistance.
Whatever struggle happened between brothers, let us forget about it and turn the page forever and live united.
We do not kill an Iraqi.
We continue to resist the occupier militarily, culturally and by all means of the resistance.
Our rejection of the occupier at heart is resistance.
If it does not serve the Iraqi people, there are only political means that must be followed to reform the government - a new government that we must give a chance to prove that it is there to serve the people.
Our main goal as Iraqi people is to drive the occupation out in any way.
Make your enemy afraid, for it is impossible to remain quiet about their moral offences.
The U.S. will ignore the opinion of the Iraqi people and it will compose the new government according to its own desires.
I don't want the chair of the government because it will be controlled by the U.S. and I don't want to be controlled by the U.S.
Anyone who seeks to be involved in politics should join hands with America.
Anyone supported by the United States is cursed by us.
When I die, don't let my death stop the resistance.
We are grateful to God.
