American,Clergyman
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism.
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.
It's always too early to quit.
There is a real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.
The life of inner peace, being harmonious and without stress, is the easiest type of existence.
Watch your manner of speech if you wish to develop a peaceful state of mind. Start each day by affirming peaceful, contented and happy attitudes and your days will tend to be pleasant and successful.
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they haven't half the strength you think they have.
We struggle with the complexities and avoid the simplicities.
Repetition of the same thought or physical action develops into a habit which, repeated frequently enough, becomes an automatic reflex.
Formulate and stamp indelibly on your mind a mental picture of yourself as succeeding. Hold this picture tenaciously. Never permit it to fade. Your mind will seek to develop the picture... Do not build up obstacles in your imagination.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful; perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.
Imagination is the true magic carpet.
Promises are like crying babies in a theater, they should be carried out at once.
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory.
Drop the idea that you are Atlas carrying the world on your shoulders. The world would go on even without you. Don't take yourself so seriously.
Getting people to like you is merely the other side of liking them.
If you paint in your mind a picture of bright and happy expectations, you put yourself into a condition conducive to your goal.
One of the greatest moments in anybody's developing experience is when he no longer tries to hide from himself but determines to get acquainted with himself as he really is.
Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution. If you don't have any problems, you don't get any seeds.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
Be interesting, be enthusiastic... and don't talk too much.
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind.
