American,Clergyman
We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God, we barely blossom on earth; we fully flower in heaven.
Obedience brings success; exact obedience brings miracles.
A faithful woman can become a devoted daughter of God - more concerned with being righteous than with being selfish, more anxious to exercise compassion than to exercise dominion, more committed to integrity than to notoriety. And she knows of her own infinite worth.
The Sabbath provides a wonderful opportunity to strengthen family ties.
Irrespective of age, we mourn for those loved and lost. Mourning is one of the deepest expressions of pure love.
If one accepts the terms of the covenant and obeys God's law, he or she receives the blessings associated with the covenant.
Generally, the younger the victim, the greater the grief. Yet even when the elderly or infirm have been afforded merciful relief, their loved ones are rarely ready to let go.
No, we don't own our children. Our parental privilege is to love them, to lead them, and to let them go.
While musical experts of the world focus on what choir members can do, I would like to focus on what choir members can be.
Life is filled with detours and dead ends, trials and challenges of every kind. Each of us has likely had times when distress, anguish, and despair almost consumed us.
We can feel joy even while having a bad day, a bad week, or even a bad year!
How much better it would be if all could be more aware of God's providence and love and express that gratitude to Him.
Many religious confessions share common values. They teach that we should do unto others as we would have them do unto us.
We should understand the source of our authority and something of the keys that control its power.
To bear means to support the weight of that which is held. It is a sacred trust to bear the priesthood, which is the mighty power and authority of God.
One of the most important concepts of revealed religion is that of a sacred covenant.
As we dread any disease that undermines the health of the body, so should we deplore contention, which is a corroding canker of the spirit.
As a medical doctor and cardiac surgeon, I had the responsibility of performing open-heart surgery on President Spencer W. Kimball in 1972, when he was Acting President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.
You are never too young to learn, never too old to change.
I believe that in the pursuit of education, individual desire is more influential than institution, and personal faith more forceful than faculty.
The only length of life that seems to satisfy the longings of the human heart is life everlasting.
When we speak of faith - the faith that can move mountains - we are not speaking of faith in general but of faith in the Lord Jesus Christ.
Contemplation of life after retirement and life after death can help you deal with contemporary challenges.
While the family is under attack throughout the world, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints proclaims, promotes, and protects the truth that the family is central to the Creator's plan for the eternal destiny of His children.
Parents and teachers, learn to listen, then listen to learn from children.
To rule children by force is the technique of Satan, not of the Savior.
Have you not learned that strength comes to an ordinary soul when given an extraordinary calling?
In one thousand years of Russia's existence, its first popular national election ever to be held occurred in June 1991. Six days later, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir performed in Moscow!
We are all pleased when our names are pronounced and spelled correctly.
Sometimes a nickname is used instead of the real name. But a nickname may offend either the one named or the parents who gave the name.
A saint serves others, knowing that the more one serves, the greater the opportunity for the Spirit to sanctify and purify.
A saint is tolerant and is attentive to the pleadings of other human beings, not only to spoken messages but to unspoken messages as well.
A worthy woman personifies the truly noble and worthwhile attributes of life.
Each daughter of God is of infinite worth because of her divine mission.
Each faithful young woman in the Church proclaims that individual worth is one of her most cherished values.
Contention does not usually begin as strife between countries. More often, it starts with an individual, for we can contend within ourselves over simple matters of right and wrong. From there, contention can infect neighbors and nations like a spreading sore.
My concern is that contention is becoming accepted as a way of life.
Contention existed before the earth was formed.
Prior to my call to the Twelve, I served as a medical doctor and surgeon.
Service of any type requires preparation.
To understand the power of the priesthood, we must know its limitations.
I feel impressed to counsel those engaged in personal challenges to do right. In particular, my heart reaches out to those who feel discouraged by the magnitude of their struggle.
Many shoulder heavy burdens of righteous responsibility which, on occasion, seem so difficult to bear. I have heard those challenges termed impossible.
As a medical doctor, I have known the face of adversity. I have seen much of death and dying, suffering and sorrow. I also remember the plight of students overwhelmed by their studies and of those striving to learn a foreign language. And I recall the fatigue and frustration felt by young parents with children in need.
The Lord has often chosen to instruct His people in their times of trial.
We need women who are devoted to shepherding God's children along the covenant path toward exaltation; women who know how to receive personal revelation, who understand the power and peace of the temple endowment; women who know how to call upon the powers of heaven to protect and strengthen children and families; women who teach fearlessly.
Sisters, do you realize the breadth and scope of your influence when you speak those things that come to your heart and mind as directed by the Spirit?
My dear sisters, whatever your calling, whatever your circumstances, we need your impressions, your insights, and your inspiration. We need you to speak up and speak out in ward and stake councils.
I first found delight in the Sabbath many years ago when, as a busy surgeon, I knew that the Sabbath became a day for personal healing. By the end of each week, my hands were sore from repeatedly scrubbing them with soap, water, and a bristle brush. I also needed a breather from the burden of a demanding profession.
When I had to make a decision whether or not an activity was appropriate for the Sabbath, I simply asked myself, 'What sign do I want to give to God?' That question made my choices about the Sabbath day crystal clear.
We make the Sabbath a delight when we teach the gospel to our children.
I fear that there are too many priesthood bearers who have done little or nothing to develop their ability to access the powers of Heaven.
I worry about all who are impure in their thoughts, feelings, or actions or who demean their wives or children, thereby cutting off priesthood power.
I fear that too many have sadly surrendered their agency to the adversary and are saying by their conduct, 'I care more about satisfying my own desires than I do about bearing the Savior's power to bless others.'
My dear brothers and sisters, the joy we feel has little to do with the circumstances of our lives and everything to do with the focus of our lives.
Young men and women, your education is ever important - to us, to you, and to God.
Mission presidents hold keys of responsibility for the welfare, safety, and success of their missionaries.
Our inquiring friends and neighbors not of our faith can also catch the wave. We encourage them to keep all that is good and true in their lives. And we invite them to receive more, especially the glorious truth that through God's eternal plan, families can be together forever.
Imagine the privilege the Lord has given us of sustaining His prophet, whose counsel will be untainted, unvarnished, unmotivated by any personal aspiration, and utterly true!
All leaders in the Lord's Church are called by proper authority. No prophet or any other leader in this Church, for that matter, has ever called himself or herself. No prophet has ever been elected.
The ways of the Lord are different from the ways of man. Man's ways remove people from office or business when they grow old or become disabled. But man's ways are not and never will be the Lord's ways.
Even the best teams can fail. Celebrities can fade. There is only One in whom your faith is always safe, and that is in the Lord Jesus Christ. And you need to let your faith show!
Clinicians, academicians, and politicians are often put to a test of faith. In pursuit of their goals, will their religion show or will it be hidden? Are they tied back to God or to man?
The wise use of your freedom to make your own decisions is crucial to your spiritual growth, now and for eternity.
Each day brings opportunity for decisions for eternity.
We are eternal beings - spirit children of heavenly parents.
Think of our physical sustenance. It is truly heaven-sent. The necessities of air, food, and water all come to us as gifts from a loving Heavenly Father.
We were born with a capacity to grow, love, marry, and form families.
Marriage and family are ordained of God. The family is the most important social unit in time and in eternity. Under God's great plan of happiness, families can be sealed in temples and be prepared to return to dwell in His holy presence forever. That is eternal life!
In legal language, a covenant generally denotes an agreement between two or more parties. But in a religious context, a covenant is much more significant. It is a sacred promise with God. He fixes the terms.
Indeed, the Lord has not forgotten! He has blessed us and others throughout the world with the Book of Mormon.
Even more amazing than modern technology is our opportunity to access information directly from Heaven, without hardware, software, or monthly service fees.
From an eternal perspective, the only death that is truly premature is the death of one who is not prepared to meet God.
As apostles and prophets, we are concerned not only for our children and grandchildren but for yours as well - and for each of God's children.
All that the future holds in store for each sacred child of God will be shaped by his or her parents, family, friends, and teachers. Thus, our faith now becomes part of our posterity's faith later.
Preparation for a mission is important. A mission is a voluntary act of service to God and humankind. Missionaries support that privilege with their personal savings. Parents, families, friends, and donors to the General Missionary Fund may also assist.
All missionaries, younger and older, serve with the sole hope of making life better for other people.
In this world filled with challenges, we do need help from time to time. Religion, eternal truth, and our missionaries are vital parts of that help.
Missionaries serve to make life better for God's children.
Heavenly Father loves every one of His children. After all, He is their Father.
We need more missionaries - more worthy missionaries.
When I think of the love I feel for each member of our family, I sense, to a slight degree, the love that our Heavenly Father bears for His children.
We teach that God's love for His children is infinite.
Through the ages, many of His children have had access to the blessings of the gospel, but many more have not.
