American,Clergyman
Perhaps the surest test of an individual's integrity is his refusal to do or say anything that would damage his self-respect.
The principles of living greatly include the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and trial with humility.
Christmas is the spirit of giving without a thought of getting. It is happiness because we see joy in people. It is forgetting self and finding time for others. It is discarding the meaningless and stressing the true values.
Choose your friends with caution; plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.
The spirit of Christmas is the spirit of love and of generosity and of goodness. It illuminates the picture window of the soul, and we look out upon the world's busy life and become more interested in people than in things.
Choose your love, Love your choice.
Do not pray for tasks equal to your abilities, but pray for abilities equal to your tasks. Then the performance of your tasks will be no miracle, but you will be the miracle.
Faith and doubt cannot exist in the same mind at the same time, for one will dispel the other.
There is absolutely nothing in this world that will provide more comfort and happiness than a testimony of the truth.
The priesthood is not really so much a gift as it is a commission to serve, a privilege to lift, and an opportunity to bless the lives of others.
Find someone who is having a hard time, or is ill, or lonely, and do something for him or her.
The future is as bright as your faith.
Though we may not necessarily forfeit our lives in service to our God, we can certainly demonstrate our love for Him by how well we serve Him.
Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t.
We should strive for steadiness, and for a commitment to God that does not ebb and flow with the years or the crises of our lives.
We must develop the capacity to see men not as they are at present but as they may become.
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
On occasion we need to make a second effort - and a third effort, and a fourth effort, and as many degrees of effort as may be required to accomplish what we strive to achieve.
I hope with all my heart and soul that every young man who receives the priesthood will honor that priesthood and be true to the trust which is conveyed when it is conferred. May each of us who holds the priesthood of God know what he believes.
The way to be with God in every season is to strive to be near Him every week and each day.
Each heartfelt prayer, each Church meeting attended, each worthy friend, each righteous decision, each act of service perfomed all precede that goal of eternal life.
The reward of eternal life requires effort.
The opportunity to declare a truth may come when we least expect it. Let us be prepared.
Never delay a prompting. When you honor a prompting and then stand back a pace, you realize that the Lord gave you the prompting. It makes me feel good that the Lord even knows who I am and knows me well enough to know that if He has an errand to be run, and He prompts me to run the errand, the errand will get done.
The sweetest feeling you can have in this world is to feel the hand of the Lord upon your shoulder. In my patriarchal blessing as a boy, I was promised that I would have the gift of discernment. I have to acknowledge that such a declaration has been abundantly fulfilled in my life.
Amidst the confusion of the times, the conflicts of conscience, and the turmoil of daily living, an abiding faith becomes an anchor to our lives.
I testify that this work in which we're engaged is the Lord's work. I've felt His sustaining influence.
I remember that our deportment in Primary was not always as it should be. I had a lot of energy and found it difficult to sit patiently in a class.
I hope I work effectively, but I never feel I have exhausted what I should be doing... I believe we have a responsibility to be a good influence on others.
Many years ago, it was my opportunity to serve as president of the Canadian Mission. There we had a branch with very limited priesthood. We always had a missionary presiding over the branch. I received a strong impression that we needed to have a member of the branch preside there.
When you see people your own age afflicted and experiencing life-threatening illnesses, I think it prompts you to apply to yourself the philosophy, 'I want to do the best I know how to do every day.'
You see your children growing. You look at your grandchildren, and you say to yourself, 'What if I weren't here? Have I done all I can to prepare them for their role in life?' You realize that you never quite do everything, but you want to do better than what you have done.
The drive was brief and the conversation limited, but oh, what a legacy of love! Father never read to me from the Bible about the good Samaritan. Rather, he took me with him and Uncle Elias in that old 1928 Oldsmobile and provided a living lesson I have always remembered.
