Italian,Businesswoman
My style changes every day. I would say its casual chic.
Be patient - if something is supposed to happen, it's going to happen. Whenever I've tried to force things, they didn't go right.
Take risks and try new things.
I was at lunch with some friends one day, and we looked down at our table - blond pasta, blond pizza - and then someone joked, 'Blonde salad,' and it stuck.
Express yourself. Tell us who you are. If you would never wear pearls in real life, don't wear them when you get married.
I like to wear boots with skirts or mini-dresses, or jeans with sneakers and jumpers, leather jackets, or a rain coat.
I was so proud of my team and myself for changing the rules of the fashion industry.
I bought a Cartier nail bracelet to celebrate the fifth anniversary of my blog. It's an investment piece, but it's simple enough to wear every day, and it's something that will last forever.
Some loved me, some hated me - but they all followed me.
Looking into the camera creates a special eye and soul contact.
Everybody would like to be on the cover of 'Vogue.'
I love white T-shirts as much as I love black. I often wear total black. It's my favourite.
This mix of willingness and passion made me the businesswoman I am now.
I love hats, especially when you have bad hair days.
Years and years ago, I was obsessed with these Pamela Love necklaces, and they had a claw, like an eagle claw, which was silver. Then I found one on this random website. I thought it was a fake claw, and when it arrived, it was a real one, cut off from the animal! It came to my house, and it was disgusting; it was a chicken claw or something.
I don't do dishes, and I don't cook, either! Everything else, I can do!
I could have been like so many other bloggers or 'influencers' who just have their agent and are more like celebrities, but I've never wanted it to be only like that. Of course, I still want that part in my life, but I also wanted to create a brand.
Of course, you decide which story you want to tell. For me, it's been very authentic, so sometimes I'm super happy, and I post four pictures one after the other; sometimes I'm busy, and I don't. Sometimes I'm sad, and I post a sad picture.
As long as you're ahead of a trend, I think you're going to be fine. You really have to have a multitasking mind that can switch from one thing to the other easily without too much focus on, 'Oh, I'm going to Instagram my life.'
In a few years, we might not still be into Instagram, but hopefully I'll be into the next thing and have fun do it.
I change my beauty routine every six months, but I make sure to use products that are light and gentle.
For makeup, I prefer to keep it simple for the daytime.
I strongly prefer to keep my hair loose and wavy, leaving it as natural as possible.
When it comes to exercise, it's really hard for me to have a weekly routine because my schedule changes daily. But I try to go jogging as much as possible - when I'm in L.A., I do it every day.
Growing up, I always liked Catwoman and Superman; they inspired me.
My secret has always been to be true to myself.
For me, being Italian, I love pizza. Particularly from Naples. I am obsessed.
The Blonde Salad never stops!
After moving to L.A., I've started to appreciate the relaxed American look.
I'm a huge fan of the '70s. I'm obsessed with the music of that time.
My favourite leather jackets are timeless.
The only rule I have is to be as authentic and spontaneous as possible. I would never wear something I don't feel comfortable in.
Personality for me is the strongest statement.
I'm happy with all of my past outfits, as they have felt right at the time, and your style always evolves.
At the beginning of my career, it was really difficult for my family to understand what I was working on, but they supported me anyway and gave me the best advice, which was to always be myself.
I have five tattoos.
I've always been a huge fan of beauty.
I love makeup so much, but I'm very bad at doing my own makeup. Italian girls don't wear very much, so when I do put on makeup it's just very, very natural.
I'm definitely more of a makeup person than a skincare person. I'd love someone to teach me exactly what to do with my skin, but then again, I am also lazy.
When I started my blog, I wanted it to be like my house - my own little place that anyone could come to.
Americans have a casual vibe that I love so much.
I'm from Italy, but when I'm in L.A., I dress a little bit rock and roll.
I wear a Chanel backpack most of the time, and my Louis Vuitton Keepall duffel is my go-to carry-on.
If I'm on a flight for more than 14 hours, I will do this Fresh face mask on the plane. I don't care how silly it looks; it saves my skin from drying out.
The first thing that inspires me is my mood, but I take inspiration from a lot of things: a rock song, a romantic movie or a specific lifestyle, like 1960s London and, of course, Italian 'dolce vita!'
My style evolves day by day; I love change.
When it comes to anything you want to do in your life, you have to be passionate. Success may come, but in the end, the most important thing is that you are doing what you really want to do.
I think London is one of the best cities to shop in.
