French,Chef
Food is one part of the experience. And it has to be somewhere between 50 to 60 percent of the dining experience. But the rest counts as well: The mood, the atmosphere, the music, the feeling, the design, the harmony between what you have on the plate and what surrounds the plate.
The real evolution is to learn something new every day - it's very important for chefs to share what they have discovered.
The restaurants express the spirit of the chef, the spirit of the city, the country.
The proportion of ingredients is important, but the final result is also a matter of how you put them together. Equilibrium is key.
If my cuisine were to be defined by just one taste, it would be that of subtle, aromatic, extra-virgin olive oil.
When you grow up close to poultry and fields and gardens and open-air markets, you can't help but develop an instinct for quality food.
I would never be able to lead the insane lifestyle I do, traveling all over the world, if I wasn't eating food that was simple and healthy.
When I started cooking the meal at home, after I had started cooking in restaurants, I usually would prepare bay scallops or lobster.
I think the French and the Japanese are both obsessed by seasons, small producers, freshness.
You need a good gardener and a good fisherman. The cook is not required.
I have a passion for luggage - trunks and so on. I have a collection of them, but I can never resist buying another piece.
If you don't treat an ingredient and its flavors with respect - if you drown it in oil, for instance - you'll spoil it.
I don't think the rating system places too much pressure on chefs. I prefer to put the pressure on my chefs to perform to the top standards.
I'm surprised by the talent I find all over. There are always new chefs who propose many interesting new ideas, new ways of looking at ingredients.
I do most of the cooking in my head.
Everywhere in the world there are tensions - economic, political, religious. So we need chocolate.
London is the most important city in the world for restaurants.
Failure is enriching. It's also important to accept that you'll make mistakes - it's how you build your expertise. The trick is to learn a positive lesson from all of life's negative moments.
With cooking, there's always the tangible and the intangible: that which is in the domain of sentiment, of the individual.
I love to pick tomatoes at the end of the day, when they're still warm from the sun.
I have an obsession for quality. I work for my guests, not to obtain Michelin stars.
Chefs don't become chefs just to earn stars - that's not the goal.
If I am going somewhere exotic, I take an empty suitcase with me to bring back the objects I fall in love with.
For me, the most luxurious place is somewhere that allows you to feel emotions and pleasures.
My wife Gwenaelle prepares an 'energy shot' for me for breakfast. It's a mix of linseed, cereal, and raisins, with fresh fruit like kiwi. She also adds yogurt for added texture and some pollen and honey for an energy booster.
When I'm in Paris, my favorite market is the Marche Raspail on the Left Bank.
It's striking and unique in London how you know to create this alchemy between the concept, the food, the music, the staff. From the beginning to the end, with all these different elements, it tells a full story that you know very well how to develop and cultivate.
If I had the choice to travel to two places in Europe, it would be Paris and London.
My grandmother did all the cooking at Christmas. We ate fattened chicken. We would feed it even more so it would be big and fat.
The most classic French dessert around the holidays is the Christmas log, with butter cream. Two flavors. Chocolate and coconut. My first job in the kitchen when I was a boy was to make these Christmas logs.
In France, Christmas is a family holiday. You stay home. New Year's Eve is when you go out.
What they've found so far in the Amazon is 5 percent of what there is yet to discover to eat in the Amazon because it's completely unknown. I've eaten things I've never eaten before over there.
I have a very nice garden and extraordinary markets, where there are products from the earth and the sea, in the French Basque country.
To make my meal, I go to the market and to the garden, and then I decide what I'm going to do. That's a great pleasure.
I concentrate in my work on preserving and displaying the original flavor from each ingredient in a dish.
Believe me, I did not come to London to cook farmed fish. All my fish are wild.
In London, there is no need for 25 high-end gastronomic restaurants. That would be too much.
I only get fat when I eat food cooked by other chefs. At home, my wife does all the cooking. She makes simple things like soups and salads. We both like steamed tofu.
The world forgets about people who are not useful.
If I'm a great artisan of the kitchen, it's because I don't buy my sauces.
The relentless pursuit of being different is very French.
Our milk chocolate is very chocolaty. In fact, we don't call it milk chocolate - we call it milky chocolate.
I am a very eco-friendly chef but a guilty air traveller.
I live in Paris, yet Monaco, where I spend a lot of time, holds a very special place in my heart.
I don't like being disappointed by somebody I trust. Fortunately, it rarely happens.
For me, going to markets is the best way to understand the soul of a place.
Given the number of restaurants I have, I could easily travel all the time - but I try not to.
I am overfed, so when I am at home, I stop eating.
I prefer to be able to identify what I'm eating. I have to know.
It is impossible to remain indifferent to Japanese culture. It is a different civilisation where all you have learnt must be forgotten. It is a great intellectual challenge and a gorgeous sensual experience.
I didn't want to become a chocolatier among others, buying ready-to-use couverture. I wanted to take the same approach I follow in my cuisine: putting the product first, revealing the authentic taste of the products.
