American,Chef
This is the power of gathering: it inspires us, delightfully, to be more hopeful, more joyful, more thoughtful: in a word, more alive.
The decisions you make are a choice of values that reflect your life in every way.
I feel it is an obligation to help people understand the relation of food to agriculture and the relationship of food to culture.
The problem with living in a fast-food nation is that we expect food to be cheap.
The biggest thing you can do is understand that every time you're going to the grocery store, you're voting with your dollars. Support your farmers' market. Support local food. Really learn to cook.
If we don't preserve the natural resources, you aren't going to have a sustainable society. This is not something for Chez Panisse and the elite of San Francisco. It's for everyone.
I think America's food culture is embedded in fast-food culture. And the real question that we have is: How are we going to teach slow-food values in a fast-food world? Of course, it's very, very difficult to do, especially when children have grown up eating fast food and the values that go with that.
We have to bring children into a new relationship to food that connects them to culture and agriculture.
We eat every day, and if we do it in a way that doesn't recognize value, it's contributing to the destruction of our culture and of agriculture. But if it's done with a focus and care, it can be a wonderful thing. It changes the quality of your life.
I don't want food that comes from animals that are caged up and fed antibiotics. I am really suspicious of that kind of production of meat and poultry.
Food isn't like anything else. It's something precious. It's not a commodity.
I came to all the realizations about sustainability and biodiversity because I fell in love with the way food tastes. That was it. And because I was looking for that taste I feel at the doorsteps of the organic, local, sustainable farmers, dairy people and fisherman.
Food culture is like listening to the Beatles - it's international, it's very positive, it's inventive and creative.
Whenever I want to know how to cook something, I can't ask one chef - I have to ask six.
I really like having someone who knows about food and what goes well together make a meal for me.
I have been talking nonstop about the symbolism of an edible landscape at the White House. I think it says everything about stewardship of the land and about the nourishment of a nation.
Create a garden; bring children to farms for field trips. I think it's important that parents and teachers get together to do one or two things they can accomplish well - a teaching garden, connecting with farms nearby, weave food into the curriculum.
I guess I don't really believe in retirement. I believe in shorter days and maybe in weekends!
We make decisions every day about what we're going to eat. And some people want to buy Nike shoes - two pairs, and other people want to eat Bronx grapes and nourish themselves. I pay a little extra, but this is what I want to do.
I think if you buy from people who are taking care of the land, you're supporting the future of this country.
When I first went to Paris in 1965, I fell in love with the small, family-owned restaurants that existed everywhere then, as well as the markets and the French obsession with buying fresh food, often twice a day.
I believe there should be breakfast, lunch and afternoon snack, all for free and for every child that goes to school. And all food that is good, clean and fair.
I feel that good food should be a right and not a privilege, and it needs to be without pesticides and herbicides. And everybody deserves this food. And that's not elitist.
I know once people get connected to real food, they never change back.
Basically, the person in the White House should be principled, should have a philosophy about food that relates directly to organic agriculture. I will continue to push for that.
To have a basic ingredient that can be prepared a million different ways is a beautiful thing.
In Berkeley, we built the garden and a kitchen classroom. We've been working on it for 12 years. We've learned a lot from it. If kids grow it and cook it, they eat it.
Buy foods from nearby farms and have that food served in the cafeteria.
I want every child in America to eat a nutritious, delicious, sustainably sourced school lunch for free.
English food writer Elizabeth David, cook and author Richard Olney and the owner of Domaine Tempier Lulu Peyraud have all really inspired the way I think about food.
I just hope Americans come to understand that food isn't something to be manipulated by our teeth and shoved down our gullet, that it's our spiritual and physical nourishment and important to our well-being as a nation.
First, kids should be involved in the production of their own food. They have to get their hands in the dirt, they have to grow things. They also have to become sensually stimulated, and the way to begin is with a bakery.
I think you have to plan ahead. When I go to the market on a Saturday, and I'm buying for family and friends, I'm thinking about what I'm going to eat on the weekend but also about what I'm going to make for the following week.
I'm focused on the next generation, because I think it's very hard to break the habit of adults who've got salt and sugar addictions and just ways of being in this world. It's very hard even for the most enlightened people at famous universities that are very wealthy to spend the money that it takes to feed the students something delicious.
I think health is the outcome of finding a balance and some satisfaction at the table.
I am disappointed because nobody is talking about food and agriculture. They're talking about the diets of children, but they're talking about Band-Aids. We're not seeing a vision.
We need to have a course in school that teaches about ecology and gastronomy. I could imagine that all children could eat at school for free and that the cafeteria would become part of the school's curriculum.
When you don't have much money, cooking can be incredibly reassuring. You feel like you're doing meaningful work.
I love those tiny little onions in the spring that are so small they're almost like a little chive.
Hard-boiled eggs are wonderful when they're really done right. I bring the water to a boil, and then I put in the eggs. And then I boil them for - well, it depends on the size of the egg - maybe eight minutes.
Americans don't have deep gastronomic roots. They wanted to get away from the cultures of Europe or wherever they came from. We stirred up that melting pot pretty quickly.
I try not to do anything that's immoral.
I eat meat, but no meat that isn't pastured is acceptable, and we probably need to eat a whole lot less.
Everything tastes better with butter. Meat that has fat in it is tender in a certain way, flavorful in a certain way. It's hard to deny the flavor quotient there.
Grass-fed cattle are leaner. But it's not true that they are less flavorful.
I don't think it ever works to tell people what they can't eat. They can do it for so long, and then they fall off. You have to bring them into a new relationship with food.
I really am at a place where I think we need to feed every child at school for free and feed them a real school lunch that's sustainable and nutritious and delicious. It needs to be part of the curriculum of the school in the same way that physical education was part of the curriculum, and all children participated.
Food can be very transformational, and it can be more than just about a dish. That's what happened to me when I first went to France. I fell in love. And if you fall in love, well, then everything is easy.
I am an optimist of the first order.
I'm unwilling to eat food that has been adulterated.
I do feel like food should cost more, because we aren't paying farmers a living wage. It has to cost more.
It's hard to come into a new relationship with food unless you're engaged in an interactive way at an early age; it's hard to change your values.
If we want children to learn to tend the land and nourish themselves and have conversations at the table, we need to communicate with them in ways that are positive.
You do need some dispensation for local farmers, because the fast food industry will promote the unsanitary conditions of farming. With vegetables, you have to be careful where they come from; you have to know the farmers and trust them. If you buy from the farmers' market, it's already been investigated.
Organize yourself so you aren't struggling to shop at the last minute. When you have real food, it's very easy to cook.
We've been so disconnected agriculturally and culturally from food. We spend more time on dieting than on cooking.
It's around the table and in the preparation of food that we learn about ourselves and about the world.
Food should be cheap, and labor should be cheap, and everything should be the same no matter where you go; whether it's a McDonald's in Germany or one in California, it should be the same. And this message is destroying cultures around the world. Needless to say, agriculture goes with it.
When you have good ingredients, cooking doesn't require a lot of instruction because you can never go very wrong.
You have to take it upon yourself and preserve and can foods that you'll want for the winter.
It's so important to that we go into the public schools and we feed all of the kids something that is really good for them.
I feel like old age in America is a very sad thing. I have been many different places around the world where getting older is something you look forward to.
I'm always changing my work, as there are endless ways to think about food.
I think health is the outcome of eating well.
