French,Chef
Everybody wants to support his own region and economy and farming. If we can preserve the land and if we can preserve the ocean, we all know, deep inside that we're doing the right thing.
Chefs are leaders in their own little world.
Having sharp, great knives will enable you to cook very precisely. Knife skills are essential in cooking.
It took me all my life to learn how to salt a tomato.
In a professional kitchen, the idea is to have your cooks not moving much while they're cooking. You want them to stay in the same spot.
If you can't think like an onion or a carrot or a tomato, you may be a technician, but you won't understand what you're doing, and your dish will be flat.
I don't like it when I go to a restaurant and I'm lectured from the menu.
I don't think I have an obsession, however I do eat chocolate every day.
I am not a picture guy. I like to live in the present and keep the image of the past vivid in my mind. I don't need the precision of the picture.
As young cook, especially in France, they're very tough in the kitchen. The idea is to make you humble and learn fast.
I like working in silence.
I just find the world very exciting and beautiful everywhere.
I'm very inspired by other cultures and very often use what I perceive to be exotic ingredients.
I'm fascinated by Japanese cuisine.
America is a such a melting pot, I'm not sure if roast chicken is the classic comfort food for everybody.
I see a lot of people who change careers in the middle of their life and they think it's a good idea to come in the kitchen.
Cooks build muscles; we can stand all day long on our feet and not feel the pain.
Nobody wants an ugly book.
I find the organic wave much more interesting in America than in France.
California is lucky, the East Coast is lucky because we get great seafood and a lot of produce from Florida, locally in good weather, but in the winter we have to buy it.
When you are 25, 30, you know, you have no responsibility, no mortgage, no kids, no retirement to think about, nothing.
I like very much Louis Vuitton. My wife loves it too.
I am a Buddhist, therefore I should not be collecting anything - however, I have a collection of Buddhas. I have a lot of them.
A lot of foreign people say, when asking about eating habits, 'What is your guilty pleasure?' I have no guilt. Whatever I do, I enjoy and it's the point. I think if you start to feel guilty about it, that's a problem. So, no guilty pleasures. I have pleasure and no guilt at all.
To me, it's very important to have time at the restaurant but also time with family and time for myself.
There is great food in Vegas.
