English,Chef
And I like asking questions, to keep learning; people with big egos might not want to look unsure.
This kitchen is completely calm. Some of the old-fashioned chefs - they become kings in their kitchen, they've got to be called chef. But I don't care if someone calls me chef or Heston, it really doesn't bother me.
I was determined that if I failed it wouldn't be due to lack of effort.
If it doesn't taste good it doesn't go on the menu.
As we get older, we tend to become more risk averse because we tend to find reasons why things won't work. When you are a kid, you think everything is possible, and I think with creativity it is so important to keep that naivety.
I'm not scared of anything in particular, but I am motivated by a fear of failure as opposed to a need to succeed.
You think about some of the most memorable meals you've ever had; the food will be good but it will often be about locating a mental memory and taste is inexorably linked to all the other senses and memory, so ultimately it is all about taste.
I have this desire to keep improving, so I find fault.
To me, food is as much about the moment, the occasion, the location and the company as it is about the taste.
You need to do the work to bring the money in, but not compromise standards.
It was quite a challenge to make people eat crab ice cream.
Now my complaint is there are only 18 hours to work in a day.
I would try doing a dish 30 different ways.
Development is where my heart is focused because eating is the only thing that we do that involves all the senses. We eat with our eyes and our ears and our noses.
You know how sad your life is when you know the release date of DVDs.
What gets me excited is the original principle.
We were saving, saving, saving then going to France and blowing the money eating. She was a nurse and had never experienced fine dining but she loved it, too. Our mates thought it absurd.
We sunk everything into it. It came close to going under several times.
Television forces people to be larger than life. I would be too shy.
No, when I worked as an accountant I was falling asleep waiting for 5 o'clock.
It was not easy with a newborn, asking your wife to give up the family home and your security.
I've got around 400 cookbooks.
I am not the world's most confident person.
But most is all to do with work. There are aspects of work that are enjoyable, that you could call a hobby.
Being branded number one restaurant in the world is actually very humbling.
A lot of country pubs will receive Michelin stars.
