Japanese,Chef
Making sushi is an art, and experience is everything.
The fine art of preparing sushi is something that you watch and learn.
Sushi is something very exclusive. It is not like a McDonald's, not like a hot dog, not like a French fry. It's very high-class cooking in Japan.
I eat soup noodles for comfort. In fact, noodles of any kind. It's a food that is very easy to eat; it's very soothing and comfortable, too. If I could choose any, I'd say buckwheat was my favourite: it has a very good flavour and is healthy, too.
I learned from my first restaurant: Make customers happy, make sure the customer comes back again. And automatically, success has followed me.
I like both potatoes and rice. You can do a lot with both of them. But if I could eat only one carbohydrate for the rest of my life, I wouldn't choose bread, potatoes or even noodles. I'd go for rice instead; I eat more of that than anything else.
I'm not perfect. I am not Iron Man.
Los Angeles is my home - I have my wife and two daughters growing up there.
Some hotels have a lot of mirrors, chairs, you can't find the plugs, the music is complicated. But the Nobu concept is beautiful, simple.
Swimming keeps me fit and flexible, and it helps that I have a large pool at my house in Beverly Hills.
I grew up in the countryside in Saitama prefecture, north of Tokyo.
I remember watching steak being cooked on TV and wanting to try it. As a special treat, my mother cooked it for me, and I thought this would be the time I would eat with a knife and fork. Alas, I ate it with chopsticks!
I like Mercedes because my wife has been in two big accidents and emerged without a scratch, thanks to the safety of these cars.
Peru was the Incas; it has 3,000 to 4,000 years of history.
Cooking is like fashion. Always, I like to try to change. If I'm traveling in a different country - to Australia, the Bahamas, Budapest, Moscow - and I see a new ingredient, I like to try it in a new dish.
I love big shrimp, like Japanese botan shrimp and the meaty ones from Santa Barbara, Calif. In classic Japanese cooking, shrimp like these would be dropped into a broth or boiled as served with sushi. But I think boiling dilutes their great flavor, and they are better when stir-fried.
A sushi chef has to spot the best-quality fresh fish instantly.
My favorite knife is from Miyakoya in Japan - I have one in each of my restaurants.
My business partner Robert De Niro knows a lot about hotels; he opened the Greenwich Hotel in New York City.
People who make mistakes but try their best, other people will support. But people who make mistakes because they're lazy, nobody supports.
You know how kids dream of being soccer players or actors? Well, my dream was to be a sushi chef.
Chefs are artists, and I couldn't be happy with my art if I was forced to use cheap ingredients.
I'm a lucky person because the company keeps growing, and that means my team keeps growing.
The first jolt I received in my life was when I lost my father in a motorcycle accident when I was eight. I would have been with him if he hadn't turned down my request to go out with him that afternoon.
One evening, Mike Myers and Steven Spielberg were discussing 'Goldmember,' and I just happened to joke, 'If you need a Japanese character, let me know!' The next day, they called me for audition! I find it's always helpful to maintain a sense of humour.
What I relish most is when a member of my staff, who has worked with passion and patience towards achieving their dream of owning a restaurant, walks up to me and says, 'Nobu! I have done it!'
When I'm in L.A., I go to Spago because the chef is a friend of mine.
I don't go out much.
Many chefs are either technically or artistically better than me, but I know my food has soul.
Eating a lot on the plane is not good for jet lag.
I exercise every morning, no matter what. Sometimes it's tough to do right when you get off the plane, but after ten minutes you start sweating, and you always feel better.
My flight time is important to me; I actually prefer a longer flight to a short one. That way I have time to read a book, watch movies, and think about new dishes.
I always eat a meal at home before I leave for the airport, so I only eat the soup and salad on the plane.
In the morning and the end of every day, I thank that I'm alive.
In my generation, there was no sushi school, no cooking school, so people have to learn from working.
Cooking and film are completely different - but I'd rather stay in the kitchen than be in movies.
I feel like I owe something to America, as it is where I found success.
I travel all over the world, usually 10 months out of the year. I stay at a lot of hotels, and the ones I like best are clean and not complicated. You go to bed and say, 'Wow, I feel comfortable.'
In Japan, I have my own line of dinnerware, but I'm not aggressive about pursuing those projects.
I like to keep healthy physically and mentally, too.
If I am at home in L.A. on a Saturday or Sunday, I like to start the day with a hot bath and then do an hour of stretching.
One of my great loves is golf. When I am in L.A., I like to play with a few close friends: no phones, no distractions, the great outdoors and the chance to bet some money to keep it interesting.
I am very lucky to consider many of my business associates friends. Some are closer than others, but I respect and value all of them.
A different spice is the most interesting thing to me.
People eat the chicken, people eat the beef, they still say, 'Don't kill the fish.'
With sushi, it is all about balance. Sometimes they cut the fish too thick, sometimes too thin. Often the rice is overcooked or undercooked. Not enough rice vinegar or too much.
In Tokyo, we have more three-star Michelin restaurants than Paris.
When I'm dining out privately, I tend to avoid fine-dining venues; I like things to feel casual.
When I set up my first restaurant, I was so inspired by Wolfgang Puck, who is also based in L.A. and is now a good friend of mine, and the way he would engage with his customers and greet them personally.
I have a restaurant in Milan, and Paper Moon is five minutes away from my hotel, so I always go there for lunch. It's a casual place that serves good salad, pizza and pasta; the space is tight with tables close together, and it feels buzzy. Food comes out fast, too.
My cooking is simply ingredients plus umami.
It's still my happiest time when I'm eating.
