American,Chef
Sweet, delicious Dungeness crab is always a treat.
When I was a kid and my mom made tomato soup, she would cut buttered toast into squares and float them on top of each bowl.
Sustainability includes how you run your business, and my bottom line includes how you treat your people. Sustainability starts with your staff.
I'm just sick of food going in the garbage.
There's natural mentoring that goes on in my life every day.
When you watch 'Shark Tank,' everything is about off-shore this, off-shore that.
If you don't have the confidence in baking, commit to making the recipe three times. The first two, do it exactly the way I've told you to make it. Twice. The first time you'll screw it up. The second time it will come out pretty good, and then the third time, make your adjustments.
If deep-frying catfish, try a dredge of seasoned flour and cornmeal and add some bacon fat to the oil.
Catfish's mild taste adapts well to a wide array of flavors, especially strong assertive ones, which is why you used to see it 'blackened' Cajun style on so many restaurant menus - a trick which soon became a tired cliche.
Who doesn't love digging into a plate of crab cakes or going after a chilled cracked crab with crab cracker, cocktail fork and a plastic bib for protection?
While it's typical to find steamed clam recipes which include a bit of bacon or sausage, you might not think of adding shredded ham hock, but it's another way to pair the lusty, smoky flavor of animal fat with the briny ocean flavor of shellfish.
The flesh of king salmon, which varies in color from white to pink to red, has a high fat content, making it perfect for grilling.
Customers are more friendly when they've had a meal.
I think about sustainability all the time, whether it's with fish or farmers in Eastern Oregon.
Pork is my friend.
If you want something beautiful to put on the dinner table, pick up a sockeye, the salmon species with the most vivid red flesh.
Over the years I've tweaked my stuffing recipe many times, adding a variety of ingredients like sauteed wild mushrooms, dried cherries, fresh chevre, toasted hazelnuts, chopped ham hock meat, and other taste treats.
Spanish chorizo is a spicy cured sausage that's especially tasty with clams.
I was once made honorary mayor of my hometown of Newark, Del.
Support a small chef. Not these big chains... but support the people who are out there trying to do things right and working hard to do that.
In the restaurant business, there's the concept of pivot. Pivot to the stove, pivot to the refrigerator.
I use ginger like garlic. I love it for steaming fish and making barbecue sauces or roasted chicken.
There's a restaurant in Manhattan called Balthazar, and next to it is Balthazar Bakery. It's tiny, and it's very charming to have that little retail outlet to sell the house desserts and breads.
Summer in Seattle allows me to indulge in some of the region's top culinary delights - I'm talking about wild king salmon and fresh, ripe Washington stone fruits and berries like cherries, peaches, plums, and blueberries.
Mastering one recipe is better than mastering too many. Learn something and own it, and you'll feel so much better about it. You'll have more confidence if you've made it five times, and that confidence adds so much fun to cooking.
It's really fun to have a convection oven, even it if it's a little convection toaster oven. It really changes the way you bake.
I love restaurants from top to bottom.
When I eat oatmeal, I'm hungry by 10 A.M., but pho is a great way to start the day.
It's hard to legislate what people eat. People are getting fed up with being told what they can and can't do. It boils down to personal responsibility. People need to read labels, do their research and act accordingly.
I have an affinity for the old Seattle coffee shops, places like the Green Onion and the Copper Kettle, the classic kind of coffee bar - little places that served breakfast, lunch and dinner and have pretty much disappeared.
Every cook I knows loves to make pizza.
I'm kind of fat.
The one thing I could do with my eyes closed is my Grandma's schnecken.
I would love to see McDonald's pay more money.
I think that people need to stand up with their backbone and not go to places where they feel like the workers aren't taken care of.
I pay a living wage, I believe in healthcare, I declare all my income, and I don't cut corners.
I know Jeff Bezos because I cater at his home.
Money is like manure: if you don't spread it around, nothing grows.
I'm a compassionate person, so if a product is 15 percent more than what I typically pay, and I see the purpose, I'll foster that kind of sustainability for the farmers/fishers.
My dad never explained anything growing up.
I don't have any interest in being a chef without being on the business side of things, or vice versa, because if you don't make money at the end of the month, you're going out of business.
Sometimes managers are a little shy to criticize another manager or another operation.
I've been taught by everyone I've ever worked with.
Alaska Airlines and I have a lot in common, so coming together to delight travelers with savory, high quality food from the Pacific Northwest made sense.
If you just feel lazy and don't want to cook, then don't cook.
I think you owe it to your kids to teach them how to cook - you know, self-survival.
One-pot meals make a lot of sense... because so much of what people hate about cooking is really the cleanup, the mess, the grease.
It's just an American tradition to make sure people don't leave hungry. The worst thing is to have them say, 'Great dinner, but now I have to go get a burger.'
Some of the best things you do are the things you don't do.
I can't believe how many people don't have time to cook but have time to watch football and 'The Voice.' They're certainly making a choice.
We've become such a restaurant society.
The two things that are going to make you a better baker without even trying are a scale and a thermometer in your oven.
I didn't go to university. I didn't go to culinary school, barely made it through high school.
I don't answer my phone in a restaurant.
Catfish has a nice firm texture and mild flavor.
Most of the catfish you find at the fish counter has been farmed. Though I usually prefer to buy and eat wild fish, farmed catfish taste cleaner, without the muddy taste of their wild relatives.
The key to great fried squid is 'flash-frying' in hot oil for only a few minutes, which keeps it tender.
Often we eat squid fried, so it's fun to grill it for a change. To grill squid, slice the cleaned bodies open into two flat pieces and thread them, along with the tentacles, onto skewers, then grill quickly over a direct fire with the coals as close as possible to the grate, turning the squid several times.
The simplest way to prepare Dungeness crabs is to boil them in the shell and set them in front of your guests with crab crackers or crab hammers, cocktail forks, and plenty of napkins.
Some versions of crab cakes are mostly crabmeat lightly bound with egg, but I'm a firm believer that a crab cake should contain bread crumbs.
It's always a good idea to chill your crab cake mixture for a few hours, or even overnight, before frying because they'll hold together better.
Thanks to the abundance of shellfish in Puget Sound, Washington State is the largest oyster producer in the country.
To shuck oysters, you'll need an oyster knife, a handy tool with a sturdy handle and a short, rigid blade which you can pick up for about ten bucks in a kitchenware shop or fish market. A quick trip online will yield any number of videos and slide shows with step-by-step instructions on how to shuck an oyster.
It's important that your shucked oyster is clean and pristine.
My own favorite way to cook and eat razor clams is to simply dredge them in a mix of seasoned flour and cornmeal, then pan fry them in butter until crisp and golden. Be careful not to overcook them so they stay tender, not tough and chewy.
Albacore tuna has a mild flavor that's delicious served raw or seared briefly on the outside so that it's still rare on the inside.
One of my favorite ways to eat albacore is tuna poke.
A chunk of seared albacore tuna, salted and peppered, then seared rare in a little oil in a hot skillet for just a minute or so per side, is the perfect addition to a savory plate of fried rice. Just slice the tuna across the grain and fan those mild, meaty slices over the top of the rice.
Cooks are an undervalued, awesome profession.
I'm not exactly the best capitalist ever.
Razor clams are large, oblong clams, although not as big as geoducks.
My longtime friend Steven Steinbock, who has worked with me for more than thirty years, is a master at panfrying fish and seafood.
My wife and I decided to try and kick start our kitchens to a $15 minimum wage for cooks. I've probably had to go through and raise every menu price now by 50 cents because it took away my profit. I just underestimated what it was going to cost.
Maybe there are too many restaurants. Maybe some of mine need to close. So be it. I'll live with the market place.
Most of America doesn't pay dishwashers $10.
The state of Washington calls tips 'wages.'
In my 'Big Dinners' cookbook, I recreated my mother's recipe for crab dip. The creamy dressing for this dip, made with mayonnaise, tomato paste, a touch of honey, sliced chives, lemon juice and zest, horseradish and Tabasco, is reminiscent of Thousand Island dressing.
My favorite way to cook trout is whole, bone-in, on the grill. The fish are stuffed with sliced lemons and herb sprigs, brushed with oil, and cooked over fairly hot coals until the skin is crisp and the flesh is moist and flaky. Go ahead and gild the lily by adding a sauce.
The classic Italian green sauce, salsa verde, is easy to make and especially nice in the spring when bunches of fresh herbs start appearing in the farmers market or in your garden.
Salsa verde is delicious with trout or most any fish.
Ling cod is a mild-flavored and somewhat delicate fish that takes well to poaching, braising and pan-roasting.
Tender and sweet, Manila clams partner well with a wide variety of foods - white wine, sake, beer, butter, leeks, fresh herbs, roasted peppers, olives, and wild mushrooms, to name a few.
I particularly like to make crunchy slices of garlic bread to serve with steamed clams.
Every chef has his treats. By that, I mean bits and pieces from things you're working on - crusty little cake trimmings, ends from a brisket, collars from a salmon, scraps. But they're snacks to me, and I eat them right off the cutting board - maybe too much.
I'll never understand those greasy little deep-fried wings most bars serve.
If you're going to start a fire, why cook just one chicken?
The lakes in Washington State give us tons of crawfish.
I don't know too many kids who ask to weed the garden.
Cooking with your kids is a remarkable exercise to let them in on the purchasing part of the process - kids love to shop, and its great to take them to these ethnic places where people don't always speak the language.
Farm to table is a personal choice.
I don't ever preach to people.
Steaming is a great way to cook any firm fleshed fish, but it's often overlooked by the home cook.
Sweet Washington cherries and Walla Walla onions are two of my favorite local treats.
Around the time I opened my second restaurant, Etta's, I had just finished judging at the Jack Daniels World Invitational BBQ Championship in Lynchburg, Tennessee. Back home in Seattle, my goal was to recreate the sweet and smoky taste of that BBQ using our local wild king salmon instead of pig.
Another way I like to barbecue king salmon is as a whole fish stuffed, literally to the gills, with sweet onions, sliced lemons, and summer sage.
For a group of friends or a family dinner, fish tacos are popular and fun to make.
Coho or silver salmon are very common and easy to get for a good price.
At the fishmonger, choose fish with bright scales and clear eyes.
