American,Journalist
Anyone who says they're not afraid at the time of a hurricane is either a fool or a liar, or a little bit of both.
In my real life, I wear a T-shirt, gray or white, and the same pair of jeans. Literally, the same pair of jeans every day.
I think you have to be yourself, and you have to be real and you have to admit what you don't know, and talk about what you do know, and talk about what you don't know as long as you say you don't know it.
Anyone who has experienced a certain amount of loss in their life has empathy for those who have experienced loss.
That's the thing about suicide. Try as you might to remember how a person lived his life, you always end up thinking about how he ended it.
I've never been a Burger King person. I'm a total McDonald's person.
The fact is, I'm gay, always have been, always will be, and I couldn't be any more happy, comfortable with myself, and proud.
If I'm hip, we've got a problem in this country. I really shouldn't be held up as any model of hipness. If anything, I think I'm sort of old school in my approach to objective reporting and not wearing my opinion on my sleeve. There's a lot of that in American TV news these days. Too much, in fact.
I am boring. I'm fine with boring.
Never too late to change your relationship with somebody in your life.
A lot of compelling stories in the world aren't being told, and the fact that people don't know about them compounds the suffering.
I personally tend to be drawn to stories that aren't paid much attention to, or stories that aren't on people's radar.
The whole celebrity culture thing - I'm fascinated by, and repelled by, and yet I end up knowing about it.
There are some people who are Burger King people, and there are some people who are McDonald's people.
I suppose if you've never bitten your nails, there isn't any way to explain the habit. It's not enjoyable, really, but there is a certain satisfaction - pride in a job well done.
I am sort of drawn toward places in the world where there is struggle and conflict.
If you feel like an outsider, you tend to observe things a lot more.
I think it's a good thing that there are bloggers out there watching very closely and holding people accountable. Everyone in the news should be able to hold up to that kind of scrutiny. I'm for as much transparency in the newsgathering process as possible.
The world reacts very strangely to people they see on TV, and I can begin to understand how anchor monsters are made. If you're not careful, you can become used to being treated as though you're special and begin to expect it. For a reporter, that's the kiss of death.
I have a friend - I send her one text and I get 20 texts back. Guys don't want a million texts. It's exhausting.
Not to sound too Dr. Phil all of a sudden, but I think the key to survival is to embrace one's past and to not run away from it. And to come to some sort of relationship with it or understanding of it.
Misquoting drives me bananas.
I think viewers realize that people are a lot more three-dimensional than TV has traditionally portrayed them, particularly in news.
It's nice on the daytime format to focus on things that connect us.
I really like involvement with an audience.
I can begin to understand how anchor monsters are made. If you're not careful, you can become used to being treated as though you're special and begin to expect it.
Who's, like, inherited a lot of money that has gone on to do things in our lives?
I lose my wallet all the time, and I break my phone all the time.
To realize that your mother's love life has been far more interesting than one's own is a weird thing to discover.
A lot of people know the name Gloria Vanderbilt, but they don't really know the whole story behind her, the real person that she is.
I like new technology.
There's just a proliferation of blogs and the chattering classes and people talking. More avenues for people to make their feelings known, which is good.
I don't want to do anything that puts my team members, my camera people or producers, in danger, so it's an ongoing dialogue on all the stories that we do.
There's a number of places I've wanted to go but it's been determined too risky or that I'm relatively well-known, and therefore it might not be wise for me to pop up in this place.
I don't think I'm fearless at all. I think anybody who says they're fearless doesn't last very long. I think I'm pretty cautious, actually.
I don't believe in letting fear dictate what you do, but that doesn't mean you don't feel afraid or frightened. I think it's normal and healthy to be afraid in situations.
The war in Afghanistan is underreported.
No one else will really care, but I missed the wars in Sierra Leone and Liberia. Also the war in Chechnya.
I still feel like I'm learning a lot and have a lot to learn and improve on.
I have no interest in jumping out of an airplane or any of the things people do for thrills, to push their limits and all that. To me, that seems foolish, and there's no point.
There was a time when I first started when I made a fake press pass and borrowed a camera and headed into wars, and for three years, that was the only kind of story I was interested in doing.
There are some things which are so horrific that some people feel they can't do anything about it: that the natural, understandable response is to tune it out.
It was important to me and, I think, important to my parents that I be on my own and figure things out on my own and kind of forge my own path, and I'm really grateful for that.
I always thought, 'I'm on my own, and that's the way it should be.'
I think my mom and dad both wanted to get across to me that... I obviously grew up with great privilege and was very lucky and was able to afford college and not have student loans, and they would pay for college, but beyond that, it would be up to me to make a living.
I rarely asks people for advice or permission when I'm planning on doing something I feel strongly about. That only opens the plan up to be crapped on.
