English,Journalist
And I believe that good journalism, good television, can make our world a better place.
They take journalism really seriously because they know the force that it is and can be.
We do it because we're committed, because we're believers.
In Bosnia, little children shot in the head by a guy who thinks it's okay to aim his gun at a child.
I have spent the past ten years in just about every war zone there was.
Yes, you are running businesses, and yes, we understand and accept that, but surely there must be a level beyond which profit from news is simply indecent.
Because if we the storytellers don't do this, then the bad people will win.
We manage the fear, I manage the fear, but it certainly takes its toll, the strain does.
We hear foreign accents on CNN. It's crazy, it's wild, who knows, maybe they'll take you because you certainly don't fit in, in the American spectrum of news.
In Iran the whole reform and democracy movement has been based on the emerging free press.
If we have no respect for our viewers, then how can we have any respect for ourselves and what we do?
I'm not an American but I have always had the outsiders' respect for the American people and the American way.
But 17 years ago, I arrived at CNN with a suitcase, with my bicycle, and with about 100 dollars.
Little did we know then that CNN would become the big league.
I was really just the tea boy to begin with, or the equivalent thereof, but I quickly announced, innocently but very ambitiously, that I wanted to be, I was going to be, a foreign correspondent.
We were thrilled and we were privileged to be part of a revolution, because make no mistake about it, Ted Turner changed the world with CNN.
I have made my living bearing witness to some of the most horrific events of the end of our century, at the end of the 20th century.
U.S. soldiers, with whom I now have more than a passing acquaintance, joke that they track my movements in order to know where they will be deployed next.
And one thing that I always believed and that I knew for certain was that I could never have sustained a personal relationship while I worked this hard, or while I was that driven this intensely by the story.
If you have a child, I said, you have a responsibility at least to stay alive.
Indeed in the full flush of journalistic passion and conviction I once told an interviewer that of course I would never get married. And I most definitely would never have children.
I was planning, I told everybody, to take him on the road with me. At the very least I fully expected to keep up my hectic pace, and my passion as a war correspondent.
I am no longer sure that when I go out there and do my job it'll even see the light of air, if the experience of my network colleagues is anything to go by.
I have always thought it morally unacceptable to kill stories, not to run stories, that people have risked their lives to get.
What we do and say and show really matters.
Our industry has invested so much money in technology that perhaps it's time to invest in talent, in people.
