American,Journalist
A college degree is the key to realizing the American dream, well worth the financial sacrifice because it is supposed to open the door to a world of opportunity.
The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called 'truth'.
Ratings don't last. Good journalism does.
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow.
If all difficulties were known at the outset of a long journey, most of us would never start out at all.
A tough lesson in life that one has to learn is that not everybody wishes you well.
I'd much rather wear out than rust out.
What separated Ed Murrow from the rest of the pack was courage.
A free and truly independent press - fiercely independent when necessary - is the red beating heart of freedom and democracy.
Now, I know you expected me to say that, well, I just kick back in the rocking chair, fished a little bit, listened to Willie Nelson tapes and watched old baseball games on the Classic Sports network. And, tell you the truth, I have done that for maybe about five total minutes.
Don't taunt the alligator until after you've crossed the creek.
They may have turned this up, whether you had the Paula Jones case or not. But again maybe not, but again that's like if a frog had side pockets he'd probably wear a handgun.
The press is a watchdog. Not an attack dog. Not a lapdog. A watchdog. Now, a watchdog can't be right all the time. He doesn't bark only when he sees or smells something that's dangerous. A good watchdog barks at things that are suspicious.
An intellectual snob is someone who can listen to the William Tell Overture and not think of The Lone Ranger.
I had just turned 10-years-old when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor and plunged America into World War II.
But we cannot rely on memorials and museums alone. We can tell ourselves we will never forget and we likely won't. But we need to make sure that we teach history to those who never had the opportunity to remember in the first place.
And now the sequence of events in no particular order.
Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic.
For years Don Imus was just - boy, he was merciless in his criticism of me. Maybe it was justified, but that didn't mean it didn't hurt.
Journalists should denounce government by public opinion polls.
Those market researchers... are playing games with you and me and with this entire country. Their so-called samples of opinion are no more accurate or reliable than my grandmother's big toe was when it came to predicting the weather.
I'm proud to say I've never been anybody's lapdog.
What I say or do here won't matter much, nor should it.
Never eat spinach just before going on the air.
I've always tried to be fair, even-handed, not an advocate for any group.
Fear rules almost every newsroom in the country.
