Swedish,Journalist
We must fight intolerance, racism and the far-Right.
All I wanted to do was to follow my passion and tell a good story.
All great characters, great icons, in literature are a bit of a riddle, and that's the reason we go back to them over and over.
I met a lot of hackers, and some of them were very arrogant. They thought I was stupid because I couldn't follow what they were talking about. But then I met this great guy whom companies hire to find their security holes, and he was very good about explaining so I could understand.
I'm very bad at violence in real life. I can't stand it. And I'm so fed up with crime novels that have too much violence. I can't really do it. It's unnecessary.
I'm an author who likes assignments, who needs suggestions, ideas I would never have thought of otherwise - then something happens inside my alien head. Other people have to decide whether or not I'm a good writer, but I do have the ability to write in different styles.
My life as an author has always been about brilliant, odd people.
I write best when I sort of collide myself with another man. So I think, I hope, that a combination of me and Stieg Larsson will create something good.
I have the deepest respect for Eva Gabrielsson and all she has gone through, but I also know that I make maybe her sad, and I am sad about that, but I make so many other people happy.
I'm ashamed to say that I'm from a very privileged background.
My father was highbrow: writing long biographies of Dante and stuff like that. Ghostwriting sportsman memoirs? That was sort of the lowest of the low.
The beautiful thing is I have sort of grown up. I don't care if I'm highbrow or not anymore.
I'm a strange kind of author - I like assignments. I wasn't clever enough to invent an iconic figure like Salander, but she's my kind of girl.
The real demon in my life is my father.
Of course I want to be a best seller because I'm in the business and I want to be read, but there is no money in the world that can compensate for writing badly.
I know I don't want to be Stieg Larsson my whole life.
I said from the start I had to be trustful of the Millennium universe. It was not going to be a Stieg Larsson book, but my interpretation of his iconic characters and universe.
I wrote about Alan Turing, the great mathematician and code-breaker. He was an absolutely different person, certainly more brilliant than I ever will be.
Part of the brilliance of Stieg Larsson's books is that they are so complex, so many different facets coming together.
I've always been interested in people who think out of their time, and I have this passion, actually, for science. I'm just so enormously interested in how, when you think of these revolutionary ideas, other people get threatened, especially if you are different.
I'm always interested in talented or odd people, and my whole life I've written about geniuses who society has treated badly and they strike back - or not.
Alan Turing is such an amazing, tragic story.
My father was this huge, influential intellectual in the '60s and '70s. He was one of the main players in the cultural discussion in Sweden, the editor of papers.
We had all these famous writers in Sweden and from all over the world home at dinner. I wanted to be a writer, and I wanted to be a highbrow writer as my father. He never, ever read anything like crime novels. He wrote biographies of Dante, James Joyce, August Strindberg and Joseph Conrad.
You have to search for the best writer - I'm not saying I'm the one, but it's a bad idea to just find the person who is a copycat of Stieg Larsson.
I have this reporter's temperament still in me - I thrive under pressure.
