American,Journalist
You don't have true freedom until you allow a diversity of opinion and a diversity of voices.
It doesn't matter if gun violence is down. We need to get guns and bullets and automatic weapons off the streets.
We aren't as divided as we think we are. We're not just Republicans sitting in one corner, and Democrats sitting in the other corner.
There's a degree of deception in silence.
Most people would think if you're the prime news anchor, then you should sort of be this Edward R. Murrow, Clark Kent guy with the family and 2.5 kids - or the perky, cute yet smart Katie Couric.
Think about just how much we'd get accomplished if we collectively viewed the people with whom we came into contact as just an American and not an American with a prefix.
When someone is in our tribe, I think it's particularly easier for us to tell them apart, because we're used to their facial features.
Many people who know me call me 'the hardest working man in the news business' because you're never, ever going to outwork me.
More often than not, we think of ourselves as black, white, Asian, or Hispanic pretty much in this country, but the real America is much more than that.
Whenever I see John Lewis, I invariably say, 'Thank you.' And I will never stop. I don't know how he's still standing, because what he endured took courage and strength that I don't know that I have.
Any atrocity that's committed against one person affects us all, and we are becoming more of one society, of a global society, so something that happens in the Middle East or something that happens in Africa, something that happens in Asia, affects all of us.
If I have my opinion about something, you have your opinion about something, we don't have to fight over it. And we can have a conversation. We can also disagree without being disagreeable, and we can just disagree, which is fine. It doesn't mean that I don't like you, or you don't like me. We just disagree.
I do feel that Paula Deen should not have lost her job, and I've said this on the air. The marketplace should have decided. The marketplace decided something different. Her books are No. 1.
I love old school rock and roll.
You go to Brooklyn, everybody's got a beard and plaid shirt. They may be able to tell each other apart, but they all look alike to me.
The best way not to encounter America's health care system is not to have to encounter it.
I think the Casey Anthony trial caught a lot of news organizations off guard.
Michael Jackson is an accidental civil rights leader - an accidental pioneer. He broke ground and barriers in so many different realms in artistry, in pictures, in movies, in music, you name it.
When you are the first of anything, there is a bigger responsibility put on you.
Just because you can have a baby, it doesn't mean you should. Especially without planning for one or getting married first.
More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock. That means absent fathers.
I've never been one to take glee in anyone's demise, and when I saw Jerry Sandusky walk out in handcuffs, I did kind of feel a bit sorry for him, even though the jury found him to do some horrific things; I was like, 'His life is over.'
If you're going to be in the business of news and telling people the truth... you've got to be honest. You've got to have the same rules for yourself as you do for everyone else.
If I had had someone like me who had chosen to live their lives out and proud, there would be no need for the Tyler Clementis of the world.
I was born gay, just as I was born black.
I think it would be great if everybody could be out. But it's such a personal choice. People have to do it at their own speed. I respect that.
Paula Deen is a human being. She deserves forgiveness and a chance at redemption as much as anyone else. America is about redemption.
I believe in diversity in front of and behind the camera.
I think young people don't really know that much about the Civil Rights Movement and about the history of African Americans in this country. It's not taught enough in school.
African American history is really American history because African Americans really helped build this country.
I am a big devourer of James Baldwin.
My mom tells me every single day that she's proud of me.
I'm a citizen of the world.
I like all kinds of music. I hope you do, too.
When people ask me why I'm amazed at what Barack Obama has accomplished, I tell them it's not because of what most of America and the world sees and knows of his history. It's because I witnessed what I can only describe as a bizarre turn of events that thrust him into position to even become a U.S. senator.
