American,Journalist
You're only as good as your last haircut.
I place a high moral value on the way people behave. I find it repellent to have a lot, and to behave with anything other than courtesy in the old sense of the word - politeness of the heart, a gentleness of the spirit.
The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting.
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail.
Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about things, and small people talk about wine.
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.
I must take issue with the term 'a mere child', for it has been my invariable experience that the company of a mere child is infinitely preferable to that of a mere adult.
In the Soviet Union, capitalism triumphed over communism. In this country, capitalism triumphed over democracy.
Romantic love is mental illness. But it's a pleasurable one. It's a drug. It distorts reality, and that's the point of it. It would be impossible to fall in love with someone that you really saw.
Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
My favorite animal is steak.
Your life story would not make a good book. Don't even try.
Children are the most desirable opponents at scrabble as they are both easy to beat and fun to cheat.
My desire to curtail undue freedom of speech extends only to such public areas as restaurants, airports, streets, hotel lobbies, parks, and department stores. Verbal exchanges between consenting adults in private are as of little interest to me as they probably are to them.
I figure you have the same chance of winning the lottery whether you play or not.
Andy Warhol made fame more famous.
Polite conversation is rarely either.
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behavior.
To put it rather bluntly, I am not the type who wants to go back to the land; I am the type who wants to go back to the hotel.
Stand firm in your refusal to remain conscious during algebra. In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra.
Vegetables are interesting but lack a sense of purpose when unaccompanied by a good cut of meat.
The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer them a drink.
Radio news is bearable. This is due to the fact that while the news is being broadcast, the disk jockey is not allowed to talk.
Very few people possess true artistic ability. It is therefore both unseemly and unproductive to irritate the situation by making an effort. If you have a burning, restless urge to write or paint, simply eat something sweet and the feeling will pass.
Scientists - the crowd that for dash and style make the general public look like the Bloomsbury set.
Nothing succeeds like address.
Designer clothes worn by children are like snowsuits worn by adults. Few can carry it off successfully.
