British,Journalist
I am firm. You are obstinate. He is a pig-headed fool.
The easiest way for your children to learn about money is for you not to have any.
Why do born-again people so often make you wish they'd never been born the first time?
Have you ever taken something out of the clothes hamper because it had become, relatively, the cleanest thing?
Outside every thin woman is a fat man trying to get in.
A good listener is not someone with nothing to say. A good listener is a good talker with a sore throat.
When it comes to housework the one thing no book of household management can ever tell you is how to begin. Or maybe I mean why.
The best career advice to give to the young is, 'Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it.'
From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it.
No nice men are good at getting taxis.
A food is not necessarily essential just because your child hates it.
The disease is painless; it's the cure that hurts.
The rule is not to talk about money with people who have much more or much less than you.
Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for it.
Americans, indeed, often seem to be so overwhelmed by their children that they'll do anything for them except stay married to the co-producer.
There are some circles in America where it seems to be more socially acceptable to carry a hand-gun than a packet of cigarettes.
Hats divide generally into three classes: offensive hats, defensive hats, and shrapnel.
I wouldn't say when you've seen one Western you've seen the lot; but when you've seen the lot you get the feeling you've seen one.
Any committee that is the slightest use is composed of people who are too busy to want to sit on it for a second longer than they have to.
I am all for people having their heart in the right place; but the right place for a heart is not inside the head.
I yield to no one in my admiration for the office as a social center, but it's no place actually to get any work done.
The great rule is not to talk about money with people who have much more or much less than you.
