American,Journalist
The hardest thing is to take less when you can get more.
A bee is never as busy as it seems; it's just that it can't buzz any slower.
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.
Fun is like life insurance; the older you get, the more it costs.
There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no really insurmountable barrier save our own inherent weakness of purpose.
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.
Peace has its victories no less than war, but it doesn't have as many monuments to unveil.
The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket.
There are two ways to handle a woman, and nobody knows either of them.
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out faster than the Christmas spirit.
It's going to be fun to watch and see how long the meek can keep the earth once they inherit it.
It's the good loser who finally loses out.
If capital and labor ever do get together it's good night for the rest of us.
A grouch escapes so many little annoyances that it almost pays to be one.
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it?
A good listener is usually thinking about something else.
If you haven't seen your wife smile at a traffic cop, you haven't seen her smile her prettiest.
The fellow that agrees with everything you say is either a fool or he is getting ready to skin you.
Being an optimist after you've got everything you want doesn't count.
It isn't enough for you to love money - it's also necessary that money should love you.
Lack of pep is often mistaken for patience.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
As to those who hoard gold and silver and spend it not in God's path, give them, then, the tidings of a painful agony: on a day when these things shall be heated in hell-fire, and their foreheads, and their sides, and their backs shall be branded therewith.
No woman can be handsome by the force of features alone, any more that she can be witty by only the help of speech.
Every once in a while someone without a single bad habit gets caught.
Nobody ever grew despondent looking for trouble.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
It's what a fellow thinks he knows that hurts him.
The worst feature of a new baby is its mother's singing.
Nobody works as hard for his money as the man who marries it.
Universal peace sounds ridiculous to the head of an average family.
A lot of Thanksgiving days have been ruined by not carving the turkey in the kitchen.
There is nothing so aggravating as a fresh boy who is too old to ignore and too young to kick.
I don't look for much to come out of government ownership as long as we have Democrats and Republicans.
After a fellow gets famous it doesn't take long for someone to bob up that used to sit by him in school.
I'll say this for adversity: people seem to be able to stand it, and that's more than I can say for prosperity.
