American,Journalist
The commercial spirit is the spirit of profit, not patriotism; of credit, not honor; of individual gain, not national prosperity; of trade and dickering, not principle.
Power is what men seek and any group that gets it will abuse it.
Art is like a border of flowers along the course of civilization.
In all cities, the better classes - the business men - are the sources of corruption, but they are so rarely pursued and caught that we do not fully realize whence the trouble comes.
Morality is only moral when it is voluntary.
The typical American citizen is the business man. The typical business man is a bad citizen; he is busy. If he is a 'big business man' and very busy, he does not neglect; he is busy with politics, oh, very busy and very businesslike.
If we would vote in mass on the more promising ticket, or, if the two are equally bad, would throw out the party that is in, and wait till the next election and then throw out the other party that is in - then, I say, the commercial politician would feel a demand for good government and he would supply it.
The spirit of graft and of lawlessness is the American spirit.
Whenever anything extraordinary is done in American municipal politics, whether for good or for evil, you can trace it almost invariably to one man. The people do not do it. Neither do the 'gangs,' 'combines,' or political parties.
The Soviet government sprouted and grew out of the habits, the psychology, and the condition of the Russian people. It fitted them. They understand it.
The misgovernment of the American people is misgovernment by the American people.
I have been over into the future, and it works.
It is possible to get an education at a university. It has been done; not often.
You ask men in office to be honest; I ask them to serve the public.
If our political leaders are to be always a lot of political merchants, they will supply any demand we may create. All we have to do is to establish a steady demand for good government.
Revolt is not reform, and one revolutionary administration is not good government.
I am really puzzled to understand myself.
Chicago will give you a chance. The sporting spirit is the spirit of Chicago.
Nothing fails like success.
The doctrine of Jesus is the most revolutionary propaganda that I have ever encountered.
My father would invite me sweetly to come and sit on a stool at his feet, and, as I let myself trustingly down, he would gently kick the seat from under me - and laugh.
My father, the practical joker, did not care for practical jokes on himself; he did not encourage the practice in me.
My mother would thump me sharply on the head with a thimble or a spoon if I became too noisy with the whistle when I was playing I was a steamboat captain. She had no sense of the dignity of command.
One improvement I have learned from my childhood experience with my father: I do not threaten punishment in the morning. That was awful. Late into the night I would lie awake tossing and wondering what he was going to do to me. Usually he did nothing. A quiet, impressive 'talking to' was all I got.
My father made with me one serious mistake which I see parents about me making. He got himself somehow into the awkward position of an authority; I thought he knew and was right on everything - for a while.
I let my boy go and do and say pretty much as he likes, as, and perhaps because, my father kept no string on me.
