Polish,Novelist
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke.
Going around under an umbrella interferes with one's looking up at the sky.
In my photographs it is apparent that there was no posing at the moment I released the shutter.
There are many types of participation. One can observe so intensely that one becomes part of the action, but without being an active participant.
In London, the weather would affect me negatively. I react strongly to light. If it is cloudy and raining, there are clouds and rain in my soul.
I collect human relationships very much the way others collect fine art.
Gatherings and, simultaneously, loneliness are the conditions of a writer's life.
Banks introduced the installment plan. The disappearance of cash and the coming of the credit card changed the shape of life in the United States.
A novelist has a specific poetic license which also applies to his own life.
Persons who have been homeless carry within them a certain philosophy of life which makes them apprehensive about ownership.
I am inspired by human sexuality. The act itself is mechanical and holds little interest to me.
The principle of art is to pause, not bypass.
And really the purpose of art - for me, fiction - is to alert, to indicate to stop, to say: Make certain that when you rush through you will not miss the moment which you might have had, or might still have.
Travel gives me the opportunity to walk through the sectors of cities where one can clearly see the passage of time.
There must be no worse punishment to a totalitarian nation than the withdrawal of capital.
The things I write are for those who are willing to accept a new relationship between the reader and the author.
The planned sit-down reception is an artificial forum where one is presented with a limited number of persons with whom he can hold a conversation.
Take a look at the books other people have in their homes.
Physical comfort has nothing to do with any other comfort.
Mapplethorpe presented the body as a sexual object, separating it from the humanity of the person. He added nothing to photography as a medium. I hold his work in low regard.
It is possible to stand around with a cocktail in one's hand and talk with everyone, which means with no one.
It is not sex by itself that interests me, but its particular role in American consciousness, and in my own life.
If we reduce social life to the smallest possible unit we will find that there is no social life in the company of one.
I write for a certain sphere of readers in the United States who on average watch seven and a half hours of multichannel television per day.
I look back into past history, the stored experiences or products of the imagination. I look no further forward than the evening.
I don't fret over lost time - I can always use the situations in a novel.
