Polish,Poet
Keep up the good work, if only for a while, if only for the twinkling of a tiny galaxy.
Life lasts but a few scratches of the claw in the sand.
You can find the entire cosmos lurking in its least remarkable objects.
Let the people who never find true love keep saying that there's no such thing. Their faith will make it easier for them to live and die.
Every beginning is only a sequel, after all, and the book of events is always open halfway through.
Sometimes I write quickly, sometimes I spend several weeks on a single poem. I would really love for readers not to be able to guess which of the poems took so much work!
All imperfection is easier to tolerate if served up in small doses.
In the language of poetry, where every word is weighed, nothing is usual or normal. Not a single stone and not a single cloud above it. Not a single day and not a single night after it. And above all, not a single existence, not anyone's existence in this world.
I've reached the age of self-knowledge, so I don't know anything. People who claim that they know something are responsible for most of the fuss in the world.
Unfortunately, poetry is not born in noise, in crowds, or on a bus. There have to be four walls and the certainty that the telephone will not ring. That's what writing is all about.
I like being near the top of a mountain. One can't get lost here.
I'm drowning in papers.
At the very beginning of my creative life I loved humanity. I wanted to do something good for mankind. Soon I understood that it isn't possible to save mankind.
Get to know other worlds, if only for comparison. I am near, too near for him to dream of me.
In every tragedy, an element of comedy is preserved. Comedy is just tragedy reversed.
Even the worst book can give us something to think about.
I cannot imagine any writer who would not fight for his peace and quiet.
Each of us has a very rich nature and can look at things objectively, from a distance, and at the same time can have something more personal to say about them. I am trying to look at the world, and at myself, from many different points of view. I think many poets have this duality.
This terrifying world is not devoid of charms, of the mornings that make waking up worthwhile.
All is mine but nothing owned, nothing owned for memory, and mine only while I look.
Nothing can ever happen twice. In consequence, the sorry fact is that we arrive here improvised and leave without the chance to practice.
Generally speaking, life is so rich and full of variety; you have to remember all the time that there is a comical side to everything.
There's simply too much fuss about myself.
Somewhere out there the world must have an end.
After every war someone has to tidy up.
All the best have something in common, a regard for reality, an agreement to its primacy over the imagination.
