Austrian,Psychologist
Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations.
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well.
To be a human being means to possess a feeling of inferiority which constantly presses towards its own conquest. The greater the feeling of inferiority that has been experienced, the more powerful is the urge for conquest and the more violent the emotional agitation.
The test of one's behavior pattern is their relationship to society, relationship to work and relationship to sex.
A lie would have no sense unless the truth were felt dangerous.
Man knows much more than he understands.
Every therapeutic cure, and still more, any awkward attempt to show the patient the truth, tears him from the cradle of his freedom from responsibility and must therefore reckon with the most vehement resistance.
The truth is often a terrible weapon of aggression. It is possible to lie, and even to murder, with the truth.
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
The greater the feeling of inferiority that has been experienced, the more powerful is the urge to conquest and the more violent the emotional agitation.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
Death is really a great blessing for humanity, without it there could be no real progress. People who lived for ever would not only hamper and discourage the young, but they would themselves lack sufficient stimulus to be creative.
God who is eternally complete, who directs the stars, who is the master of fates, who elevates man from his lowliness to Himself, who speaks from the cosmos to every single human soul, is the most brilliant manifestation of the goal of perfection.
War is organized murder and torture against our brothers.
We must interpret a bad temper as a sign of inferiority.
There is a law that man should love his neighbor as himself. In a few hundred years it should be as natural to mankind as breathing or the upright gait; but if he does not learn it he must perish.
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.
My difficulties belong to me!
Exaggerated sensitiveness is an expression of the feeling of inferiority.
We cannot say that if a child is badly nourished he will become a criminal. We must see what conclusion the child has drawn.
It is always easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
In the investigation of a neurotic style of life, we must always suspect an opponent, and note who suffers most because of the patient's condition. Usually this is a member of the family.
The neurotic is nailed to the cross of his fiction.
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
A simple rule in dealing with those who are hard to get along with is to remember that this person is striving to assert his superiority; and you must deal with him from that point of view.
Our modern states are preparing for war without even knowing the future enemy.
