Austrian,Actor
Well, you need the villain. If you don't have a villain, the good guy can stay home.
Ten flashing lights are a nuisance but 500 are fantastic.
The villain is usually the most interesting part. But it has to be a smart thing. Just dumb cliche villains with a Russian accent and big muscles and a mean face, I don't know. My Russian accent isn't that great, and the muscles aren't that big and the mean face is not enough. You know what I mean? It gets very boring. Tedious stuff.
I'm trying to be very aware of not repeating myself.
When a new book comes out or becomes accessible in whatever form, I get it and I read it.
I only do what I like to do.
By looking into more details of American history, we can make more sense of what's happening today.
You know, I don't talk about the characters that I play. Years ago, I was a little timid about it and I kind of squirmed when I was asked, 'Could you tell us something about your character.' Now with a little self-confidence that comes with the grey beard, I just flatly refuse.
You know, I don't support esoteric approaches to acting.
For a while, I couldn't decide whether or not I should pursue singing in the opera or acting. And I'm glad that I chose the latter because I wasn't a very good singer.
I think in Europe, movies are made like a commodity and then sold as art.
I'm not really all that familiar with comic book culture.
Becoming an actor is like becoming a father. It's not hard to become one. Making a life of it is the challenge.
I'm open to working anywhere, but not on anything.
You get hit over the knuckles enough, you don't stick them out anymore.
It bothers me that people who should know better believe a glossy magazine fantasy.
Praise is nothing that accumulates. Praise is a sequence, especially if you've toiled for a long time. Praise does not pile up. So in a way, you can't get too much. I don't consider it to be a quantity that you can measure by volume.
I take praise as not just a reward and a result but also as the beginning of a new process.
You're always being cast for what you've been in last.
You see, my version of why anyone would want to become an actor is that it's some psychological fixation, something that happened in puberty that you didn't outgrow in time, which is normal. Nevertheless, if you make it a profession, it can be really neurotic.
It's a wonderful narrative device to bring someone from the outside and look through his eyes if you want to describe the absurdity and preposterous reality that is accepted amongst the ones who are inside.
I have always been so interested in film as a medium.
You can't always do the extraordinary, in between you have to do the ordinary. Because if you didn't, what would constitute the extraordinary?
I used to hate exposure situations. What is generally referred to as 'red carpet.'
I'm very bad with improvisation. I hate it.
My agent is the quickest, sharpest man on earth.
