English,Royalty
I know I have the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I have the heart and stomach of a king, and of a king of England too.
I do not want a husband who honours me as a queen, if he does not love me as a woman.
The past cannot be cured.
Do not tell secrets to those whose faith and silence you have not already tested.
Though the sex to which I belong is considered weak you will nevertheless find me a rock that bends to no wind.
I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.
Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts.
I do not so much rejoice that God hath made me to be a Queen, as to be a Queen over so thankful a people.
There is one thing higher than Royalty: and that is religion, which causes us to leave the world, and seek God.
There is nothing about which I am more anxious than my country, and for its sake I am willing to die ten deaths, if that be possible.
One man with a head on his shoulders is worth a dozen without.
I pray to God that I shall not live one hour after I have thought of using deception.
God has given such brave soldiers to this Crown that, if they do not frighten our neighbours, at least they prevent us from being frightened by them.
I find that I sent wolves not shepherds to govern Ireland, for they have left me nothing but ashes and carcasses to reign over!
A clear and innocent conscience fears nothing.
I have the heart of a man, not a woman, and I am not afraid of anything.
I would rather go to any extreme than suffer anything that is unworthy of my reputation, or of that of my crown.
Brass shines as fair to the ignorant as gold to the goldsmiths.
He who placed me in this seat will keep me here.
Ye may have a greater prince, but ye shall never have a more loving prince.
I shall lend credit to nothing against my people which parents would not believe against their own children.
God forgive you, but I never can.
Those who appear the most sanctified are the worst.
The stone often recoils on the head of the thrower.
The word must is not to be used to princes.
All my possessions for a moment of time.
