American,Critic
There is no life to be found in violence. Every act of violence brings us closer to death. Whether it's the mundane violence we do to our bodies by overeating toxic food or drink or the extreme violence of child abuse, domestic warfare, life-threatening poverty, addiction, or state terrorism.
For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed?
We judge on the basis of what somebody looks like, skin color, whether we think they're beautiful or not. That space on the Internet allows you to converse with somebody with none of those things involved.
Live simply so that others may simply live.
I'm so disturbed when my women students behave as though they can only read women, or black students behave as though they can only read blacks, or white students behave as though they can only identify with a white writer.
Since loving is about knowing, we have more meaningful love relationships when we know each other and it takes time to know each other.
When we drop fear, we can draw nearer to people, we can draw nearer to the earth, we can draw nearer to all the heavenly creatures that surround us.
The greatest movement for social justice our country has ever known is the civil rights movement and it was totally rooted in a love ethic.
Life-transforming ideas have always come to me through books.
If we give our children sound self-love, they will be able to deal with whatever life puts before them.
Certainly we can end racism with love. We can demand that the federal government change its emphasis on racial distinction.
Any society based on domination supports and condones violence.
I'm such a girl for the living room. I really like to stay in my nest and not move. I travel in my mind, and that that's a rigorous state of journeying for me. My body isn't that interested in moving from place to place.
I have been thinking about the notion of perfect love as being without fear, and what that means for us in a world that's becoming increasingly xenophobic, tortured by fundamentalism and nationalism.
No other group in America has so had their identity socialized out of existence as have black women... When black people are talked about the focus tends to be on black men; and when women are talked about the focus tends to be on white women.
All over the world, young males and females, schooled in the art of patriarchal thinking, are building an identity on a foundation that sees the will to do violence as the essential way to assert being.
You can only realize change if you live simply. Once people want enormous excess, you can hardly do social change.
Some people act as though art that is for a mass audience is not good art, and I think this has been a very negative thing. I know that I have wanted very much to write books that are accessible to the widest audience possible.
It's in the act of having to do things that you don't want to that you learn something about moving past the self. Past the ego.
I think I was always obsessed with esthetics.
I think the Women's movement has had a major impact on everybody's lives in our nation and in the world as a whole.
Every terrorist regime in the world uses isolation to break people's spirits.
These days I wonder more and more why people are pessimistic when American history actually supports optimism.
Until the legacy of remembered and reenacted trauma is taken seriously, black America cannot heal.
I will not have my life narrowed down. I will not bow down to somebody else's whim or to someone else's ignorance.
Since anti-racist individuals did not control mass media, the media became the primary tool that would be used and is still used to convince black viewers, and everyone else, of black inferiority.
What's really sad is that so many young women between the ages of 16 and 25 are ignorant and they already believe that women get the same pay as men. They don't even really understand that equality hasn't happened with the pay force.
I think the number one thing Black women and all Black people should be paying attention to is our health.
I've written 18 books, mostly dealing with issues of social justice, ending racism, feminism, and cultural criticism.
The working-class black Southern Christian culture I come from still nurtures me, and I mean directly, daily.
In general, the mass media tell us that black people are not loving, that our lives are so fraught with violence and aggression that we have no time to love.
Using pseudonyms was such a part of the early feminist movement. We didn't want to have this star system. We wanted attention on the ideas, not the persona of the writer.
All the men I fall for seem to have a commitment problem.
I think life experiences are different for people who know what they want as children.
To live fixated on the future is to engage in psychological denial. It is a form of psychic violence that prepares us to accept the violence needed to ensure the maintenance of imperialist, future-oriented society.
Blacks who lack a proper killing rage are merely victims.
I can be standing in Barneys with my coat and purse and my selections, and some white woman will say, 'Can you get this in my size?' What she sees is a black woman, and her service button goes off.
There is a lushness to how my mind works.
It really fascinates me what white people are allowed to write about.
Whenever women struggle with breast cancer and face better care than ever, that's feminism.
The institutionalization of Black Studies, Feminist Studies, all of these things, led to a sense that the struggle was over for a lot of people and that one did not have to continue the personal consciousness-raising and changing of one's viewpoint.
