Colombian,Critic
If you look back in history of the women who are most memorable and most stylish, they were never the followers of fashion. They were the ones who were unique in their style, breakers of the rules. They were authentic, genuine, original. They were not following the trends.
'Style Strategy' is about shopping smart, staying chic and making it all last. It's about showing women how to shop for value without compromising style.
I'm a big believer that accessories can make or break a look.
Style is about fun. True style is not about having a closet full of expensive and beautiful things - it is instead about knowing when, where, and how to utilize your collection.
I think my Latino culture has equipped me with a different point of view than the rest of my counterparts, and seeing things from a different angle has helped me a lot. I feel very proud of my culture, of my Latino heritage.
I grew up with a fashion-obsessed mother and an older sister, so there was a lot of fashion in my house. The first thing I remember owning was a Pierre Cardin jumpsuit when I was 9 or 10; of course I didn't actually buy it, but I fell in love with it.
Fashion is just an interpretation of the culture around us.
One of the most magical places on Earth is a small island in the Caribbean called Mustique. With brilliant beaches, warm water, and lush vegetation, this tiny green swath of land is my idea of paradise.
You can find a mentor; you have to ask questions, you have to show interest in what the other person is doing. You have to have curiosity - I think that people appreciate that and will want to help you.
I'm a real believer in dressing tone-on-tone. I'm not saying you need to dress black. Dress just one color so the colors are not breaking your silhouette.
Nothing is more alluring to a man than a woman who looks good in her jeans.
I love 'Project Runway' because I can really be of help to an industry and I can be supportive to designers.
I've said this so many times, but I keep coming back to this: Trends come and go. Own them and make them your own. If it doesn't feel right, then don't feel like you need to dress a certain way just to be trendy.
I'll admit it, the grunge trend doesn't really speak to me. I get why other people like it, but it's just not my style. Don't get me wrong, I love layering, but I like it when it is done with a little more polish and sophistication.
I lived in South America when I was growing up. I spent hours sketching. I was good at drawing, and I was obsessed with fashion, but I was also obsessed with magazines.
When I come home, I need to feel instantly disconnected. In the rest of my life, I feel overstimulated. Here, I want things to be serene and unfussy, full of objects I love - but not too many of them.
I do not do selfies! That's a tough one because I don't do selfies, but I think it's all about personal style. The more outrageous, the better.
Don't be afraid to mix things up by pairing a military-style jacket with a velvet skirt, vintage with modern, off-the-rack with couture, formal with casual.
Putting on fierce boots is an instant pick-me-up.
I'm very classic and structural. I love clean lines and interesting, modern details. But I'm all about being streamlined - less is more.
My style is about making things last forever. When you're on a budget, it can be daunting to spend $300 on a pair of boots or a coat. But such basics are the building blocks from which your look is crafted.
Each moment calls for a different stylistic essence and a different sense of impact, and mastery of this balance is an art form - a very learnable art form.
I'm all about the high heel; I think it's the sexiest accessory ever made, including lingerie.
I don't ride the subway. Either I walk, or I take a New York City taxi.
We all get a little rush of excitement at the prospect of buying a brand-new outfit for a first date, but this is not the time. You're much better off wearing clothes, shoes especially, that you've already tested.
Style is really very personal. It's kind of timeless. Style is really about how you put yourself together. It's something very personal.
I love shopping for guys! A watch is a fantastic gift idea - an oversized, stainless steel version with links is classic and cool.
Your wardrobe should complement your skill set, never detract - or distract - from your assets.
Serving jury duty is a fascinating little slice of life, with its motley crew of personalities.
In Colombia, where I was born and raised, women like my mother considered their appearance and personal grooming a matter of principle. There was never an occasion where she didn't show up looking picture-perfect.
I firmly believe that 90 percent of the confusion that women feel when they are attempting to put together an occasion-specific ensemble is caused by fear: fear of breaking the 'fashion rules,' fear of violating some long-forgotten tradition, or the basic fear of looking bad.
I happen to have an obsession with Korean food.
I'm not sure if I can cook. I probably can. But I'm really good at cajoling anybody around me to cook for me.
The best thing about my apartment is that it looks over Oscar de la Renta and all the shops.
I'm really looking to reach any woman who's interested in refining and embracing her personal style.
I am always being stopped for style advice, and I love it! The way we dress says so much about ourselves, and I love when I can help others take control of that.
Fashion is an expression of a time, of a place, of history. It's putting things into context.
I was obsessed with fashion when I was young. I thought fashion meant fashion design, and I thought I wanted to be a designer at some point.
I was so passionate about being in the magazine industry, even when I first started at 'Mirabella.'
I'm all about my rugs. I don't like a lot of color. The apartment isn't exactly monotone, but it's full of very soft shades. So, really, the fun is with the carpets.
I've always been opinionated, unfortunately, to my mother's disappointment.
I've always spoken my mind. There's no reason not to!
Many of my friends and colleagues are in the public eye, so they have to pay close attention to what they wear. But every woman needs to stay on her toes in this era of cell-phone cameras and Facebook.
As always, work with your figure; draping, pleats, and proportion can work miracles when it comes to hiding flaws and enhancing assets.
Working from home or going on maternity leave is no excuse to let go of your look. The more you schlep around in drawstring pants and tees, the less you're going to be able to pull yourself together when necessary.
After assessing what's in your closet, make a list of what you need. Not want, but need. Write down the basics missing from your wardrobe. It could be a classic white shirt, a trenchcoat, or the perfect little black dress. Whatever the blank spots, write them down. This will be your reference for shopping.
What I loved about my partnership with 'Quarterly' was the fact that it bridges the online world with the real world. Sometimes we see these two worlds as separate entities, and to be able to establish a bridge is very exciting.
My six favorite textures for fall and winter are leather, fur, tweed, mohair, velvet and wool. I love that they are all as warm as they are fashionable and easy to incorporate into your wardrobe.
I tend to wear leather pants with crew neck sweaters or leather jackets with denim.
Sweaters are a closet staple. They look great under a leather vest or with a pair of tailored trousers.
