American,Entertainer
I'll do almost anything for cake - even trample little children!
I'll always remember when I bumped into Good Morning America's Robin Roberts on a flight to my mother's funeral in 1994, and how kind she was during that difficult time.
I have to admit, if Oprah were a man, I would marry her.
So people ask, 'But how can you work for a friend?' I say it's because I know that the magazine is called 'O.' The bottom line is somebody has to have the final word. Oprah's not right all the time, but her record is pretty damn good. That's not to say you can't disagree.
All Oprah needs is a good book. My only request when she's building any house is, 'Could I please have a TV in my bedroom?'
I grew up in an all-white community.
I only tweet if I discover something that's fantastic, or if I heard something really great.
I wish I wasn't so technically challenged, because it puts you at a distinct disadvantage. I wish I could figure out a way to get more up to speed.
People respond faster to you on a text than an e-mail. Why is that? Why will they ignore an e-mail, but get back to a text?
I wish there was something where you could blink an eye and be somewhere. I'm a very nervous flier. I wish we could get from point A to point B instantly.
I changed my name from Gail to Gayle in seventh grade because I liked to make a loopy 'y.'
I'm the oldest of three girls. My sisters say I can be bossy.
When I want to support a film starring actors I like, I purchase several tickets at the box office - even if I can't stay for the movie.
I majored in psychology, and I still love listening to people's problems.
No show can be 'The Oprah Winfrey Show,' including 'The Gayle King Show.' I think she's very good but I think I'm very good too. I think we have different skill sets... but I don't think that I could do what she does and never have.
I know that Oprah and I mean a lot to each other... I know at all times I have somebody that I can count on always.
I know for sure that nothing is guaranteed. Life always changes. I know for sure that I'm open to all possibilities always... let's just say my life is never boring.
People think that I don't work, and I fly around in Oprah's private plane doing whatever I want.
I'm thinking when I meet the right person - and I do believe that I will - he's going to be younger. Not cougar territory, though. I won't go out with someone who could be my son!
I'm basically a really happy person. My life is nuts, but it feels complete.
Sometimes you have to listen to a CD over and over before you really get it, but as soon as I heard the first note of R&B artist Chrisette Michele's debut CD, I was blown away. Her voice is playful but pretty, light but strong - the woman's got soul.
I consider myself lucky that Sheila Johnson, the cofounder of Black Entertainment Television, didn't choose to rest on her very impressive business laurels. Her luscious 100 percent modal scarves, printed with photos she takes all over the world, are gorgeous. Wearing one is like being wrapped in a hug.
The first time I met Beyonce she was about 18 years old, sitting in a makeup chair eating fried chicken, and I knew it was only a matter of time before everyone would know her name.
We're all spending way too much of our time and energy trying to fight the stuff we can't change.
How do I love Tim McGraw? Let me count the ways: I love that he's a country boy with a city sensibility. I love that he refuses to be pegged, and his duet with Nelly proves it. And I really love that he had the brains to marry Faith Hill.
I can't stop watching 'Pan Am.' When I was growing up, my father worked as an engineer in Turkey, and we always flew Pan Am. The stewardesses were so glamorous! When they gave me a set of those golden wings, I felt very grown-up. Not only is the show's plot full of mystery and infidelity, they get the period details just right.
