American,Entertainer
Please get on an airplane or a horse, because it's pretty spectacular.
If there's cheesecake in the house, I'll have some.
I'd rather not have a moment when I'm known for my looks; being funny and interesting lasts longer.
I think children are like pancakes. You sort of ruin the first one, and you get better at it the second time around.
I'll quit tanning when the satchel handle grows out of my back.
If I feel any sort of emotional upheaval, I go for a jog and I feel better.
I'm not a prettier everywoman. I am an everywoman that they clean up awfully well for T.V.
In some ways, her life is so much worse that everybody else's, people feel almost cheered up and inspired. They feel like, 'If Hayley hasn't killed herself, why should I?'
There's no such thing as an uber-mom.
I get paid to make out with the hunks!
I work out every day. It's part of my life. That's one of the benefits of having kids in school full-time.
I'm usually done with work around 11am, so I have time before I pick the kids up from school.
I feel like my mind is a little quieter when I exercise.
I try to make my heart beat out of my chest, hard-core, once a day for at least a half hour. I think that's very important.
When you have an entire amphitheatre of people laughing that way, it makes you feel so funny and it frees you to go further than you probably would.
I had a picture-perfect childhood.
My parents were like June and Ward Cleaver; there was nothing dysfunctional about them.
If you're a waiter and you're waiting on me, you might get five percent, you might get seventy percent. It depends on how bad my math skills are that day.
Having been a cheerleader, I know all too well what these girls give up to join forces and compete.
I'm like any working mom.
When I'm at work, I'm remembering what I forgot to do for the kids, and when I'm with the kids, I'm remembering what I forgot to do at work.
Sleeping is not something I do a lot of.
I work out with a trainer, Anna Kaiser, three days a week.
If I'm exhausted and I just don't feel like it, then I don't do it. I am a human being, after all. But I also know I'm the kind of person who, if I take one day off, well, it's very easy for me to take the next day off and then quit exercising.
I don't have the best family history heart-wise, so I really try to keep my heart strong.
