English,Entertainer
You can cut the tension with a cricket stump.
IF is a very long word in Formula One; in fact, IF is F1 spelled backwards.
With half the race gone, there is half the race still to go.
Eight minutes past the hour here in Belgium - and presumably eight minutes past the hour everywhere in the world.
There are seven winners of the Monaco Grand Prix on the starting line today, and four of them are Michael Schumacher.
This circuit is interesting because it has inclines and declines. Not just up, but down as well.
Well, now we have exactly the same situation as at the beginning of the race, only exactly opposite.
You have to say what comes into your head, and sometimes the wrong words come, in the wrong order or I'd make prophecies which immediately turned out to be wrong.
Now he must not go the wrong way round the circuit, and unless he can spin himself stationary through 360 degrees I fail to see how he can avoid doing so.
The lead car is unique, except for the one behind it which is identical.
You might not think that's cricket, and it's not, it's motor racing.
It all comes down to money.
And now, excuse me while I interrupt myself.
Even in five years time, he will still be four years younger than Damon Hill.
Either the car is stationary, or it's on the move.
And that just shows you how important the car is in Formula One Racing.
Anything happens in Grand Prix racing, and it usually does.
I don't make mistakes. I make prophecies which immediately turn out to be wrong.
I should imagine that the conditions in the cockpit are totally unimaginable.
A battle is developing between them' I say developing, because it's not yet on.
He can't decide whether to leave his visor half open or half closed.
I'm in my usual state up here in the commentary box: high tension, heart beating like a trip hammer, whatever that is.
I've no idea what Eddie Irvine's orders are, but he's following them superlatively well.
I can't believe what's happening visually, in front of my eyes.
Schumacher wouldn't have let him past voluntarily. Of course he did it voluntarily, but he had to do it.
That's history. I say history because it happened in the past.
