American,Entertainer
Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.
Presenting statues of honor to reporters for covering an earthquake is like presenting a first prize to a doctor for performing surgery.
I was proud of the waves I had made, but wondered how many boats I was supposed to rock.
I have moved from certainty to doubt, from devotion to rebellion.
I have had time to analyze my feelings. I am certain that they are totally neurotic, sexist, silly, and a big waste of time.
In reality, the most important things happen when you don't look for them.
Praising the Lord and passing the ammunition are mutually exclusive ideas.
Spanking and verbal criticism have become, to many parents, more important tools of child rearing than approval.
To a journalist, good news is often not news at all.
Some people are uncomfortable with the idea that humans belong to the same class of animals as cats and cows and raccoons. They're like the people who become successful and then don't want to be reminded of the old neighborhood.
Miss Child is never bashful with butter.
I think the idea of creating a television news source that is not beholden to corporate interests is nirvana.
Marlo taught me things I thought I knew.
At first, I thoroughly enjoyed being famous.
I tip like crazy. They'll remember me. Celebrity can be expensive.
Airlines are interesting. They not only favor celebrities, they court them.
December 25th has become guilt and obligation.
A large psychic void is left by a loss of faith. So many Catholics have tried so many things to replace it.
The Tube is a vehicle for selling things, not for exploring ideas.
We should not use crippled children to sell hamburgers. Ever.
The system of volunteerism is divisive. It pits one charity against the others for the charity dollar.
Television is not the exclusive target of promoters. Is Superman really worthy of a Newsweek cover?
Recognition should come to the reporter who uncovers public cheating or proves a convicted man innocent.
When I was a kid, people who got divorced were people who had no gumption.
When we had been married five years, we had six children. What, in God's name, was wrong with me?
Is it any wonder that for millions of men the only intimacy is physical, silent, and predictable?
