Hungarian,Actress
Being jealous of a beautiful woman is not going to make you more beautiful.
Being jealous of a beautiful woman is not going to make you beautiful.
I have learned that not diamonds but divorce lawyers are a girl's best friend.
I am a marvelous housekeeper. Every time I leave a man I keep his house.
I never really mind what people say about me - I am far too unconventional and far too dedicated to being true to myself to let other people's disdain or nastiness upset me for long.
You never really know a man until you have divorced him.
Conrad Hilton was very generous to me in the divorce settlement. He gave me 5000 Gideon Bibles.
I tell you, in this world, being a little crazy helps to keep you sane.
If you like a man and he likes you, you should get married as fast as you can. Otherwise, you both are going to change your minds. There's plenty of time for that after marriage.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
I know nothing about sex, because I was always married.
Love should be an inspiration, not an obligation.
What is really important for a woman, you know, even more than being beautiful or intelligent, is to be entertaining.
Macho does not prove mucho.
Of course I love being in love - but it is marriage that really fulfills me. But not in every case.
All my life, I have been a positive thinker... I have always been able to survive by telling myself that no matter how bad things are, they will one day be better. And that out of every event - no matter how tragic - one can always find a way to survive and even, perhaps, to be a little bit happy.
I believe in large families: every woman should have at least three husbands.
A woman who tells her age tells everything, and I won't tell it.
I'm a compulsive buyer. Anything beautiful I see I want. That's how we got the Waldorf Astoria. I told Conrad Hilton, 'I want the Waldorf,' and he bought it. The only problem was I divorced him before the escrow was finished.
You must be independent and able to do for yourself. Then you do not have to marry a rich man; you can marry a poor one. And if it is wrong, you can go.
I don't accept gifts from perfect strangers - but then, nobody's perfect.
We were both in love with him. I fell out of love with him, but he didn't.
There is nothing wrong with a woman encouraging a man's advances, as long as they are in cash.
There is no bigger aphrodisiac than power.
I am a horsewoman. I am a princess. I am Zsa Zsa.
Diamonds are a girl's best friend, and dogs are a man's best friend. Now you know which sex has more sense.
My advice is not always so logical and consistent. But then, love is not logical and consistent. So why should my advice be? If you want that kind of thinking, go to a computer. Computers are always logical and consistent, and you see how often they get proposed to.
Men fall in love with their eyes - they like what they see - and women fall in love with their ears - they like what they hear!
Every girl should be married at least once in her life. It's a must. Because once you have been married, you are a Mrs., and even if the marriage doesn't work out, they can't take that away from you.
I wasn't born, I was ordered from room service.
I am not a name-dropper. I can't help it if everybody I know is famous.
I deserve attention not because of any talent, but just because of who I am.
I was hired because I am Zsa Zsa Gabor, but when I go to work, directors try to force their methods on me. John Huston's intense, precise directions tortured me.
It's not hard to find a new husband, but someone who is, for an example, a good bridge partner for you comes along once in a lifetime.
As a teenager, I preferred the company of boys to girls, focusing always on the most indifferent male and flirting with him until he became my slave.
I've never been jealous. I've never had to be.
If you can fight directly with your mother, you can save a fortune in psychiatrist's bills.
