Greek,Poet
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.
I have learned to hate all traitors, and there is no disease that I spit on more than treachery.
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
God always strives together with those who strive.
There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie.
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Everyone's quick to blame the alien.
Unions in wedlock are perverted by the victory of shameless passion that masters the female among men and beasts.
If you pour oil and vinegar into the same vessel, you would call them not friends but opponents.
Excessive fear is always powerless.
The anvil of justice is planted firm, and fate who makes the sword does the forging in advance.
Search well and be wise, nor believe that self-willed pride will ever be better than good counsel.
It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.
You have been trapped in the inescapable net of ruin by your own want of sense.
And one who is just of his own free will shall not lack for happiness; and he will never come to utter ruin.
The wisest of the wise may err.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
In every tyrant's heart there springs in the end this poison, that he cannot trust a friend.
The man whose authority is recent is always stern.
For the poison of hatred seated near the heart doubles the burden for the one who suffers the disease; he is burdened with his own sorrow, and groans on seeing another's happiness.
For children preserve the fame of a man after his death.
God's most lordly gift to man is decency of mind.
When a man's willing and eager the god's join in.
Be bold and boast, just like the cock beside the hen.
For a murderous blow let murderous blow atone.
Whoever is new to power is always harsh.
It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
There is no disgrace in an enemy suffering ill at an enemy's hand, when you hate mutually.
Mourn for me rather as living than as dead.
God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard.
But time growing old teaches all things.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
When a match has equal partners then I fear not.
Know not to revere human things too much.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
In the lack of judgment great harm arises, but one vote cast can set right a house.
Self-will in the man who does not reckon wisely is by itself the weakest of all things.
What good is it to live a life that brings pains?
Time as he grows old teaches all things.
To mourn and bewail your ill-fortune, when you will gain a tear from those who listen, this is worth the trouble.
And though all streams flow from a single course to cleanse the blood from polluted hand, they hasten on their course in vain.
Who apart from the gods is without pain for his whole lifetime's length?
There are times when fear is good. It must keep its watchful place at the heart's controls.
It is an easy thing for one whose foot is on the outside of calamity to give advice and to rebuke the sufferer.
He who goes unenvied shall not be admired.
It is always in season for old men to learn.
What is there more kindly than the feeling between host and guest?
Only when a man's life comes to its end in prosperity dare we pronounce him happy.
Married love between man and woman is bigger than oaths guarded by right of nature.
Destiny waits alike for the free man as well as for him enslaved by another's might.
Since long I've held silence a remedy for harm.
We must pronounce him fortunate who has ended his life in fair prosperity.
For the impious act begets more after it, like to the parent stock.
It is a light thing for whoever keeps his foot outside trouble to advise and counsel him that suffers.
For somehow this disease inheres in tyranny, never to trust one's friends.
What exists outside is a man's concern; let no woman give advice; and do no mischief within doors.
The evils of mortals are manifold; nowhere is trouble of the same wing seen.
We shall perish by guile just as we slew.
A god implants in mortal guilt whenever he wants utterly to confound a house.
I willingly speak to those who know, but for those who do not know I forget.
For there is no defense for a man who, in the excess of his wealth, has kicked the great altar of Justice out of sight.
Death is easier than a wretched life; and better never to have born than to live and fare badly.
For this is the mark of a wise and upright man, not to rail against the gods in misfortune.
By Time and Age full many things are taught.
Justice turns the scale, bringing to some learning through suffering.
The man who does ill must suffer ill.
It is best for the wise man not to seem wise.
I say you must not win an unjust case by oaths.
Of prosperity mortals can never have enough.
For hostile word let hostile word be paid.
Neither a life of anarchy nor one beneath a despot should you praise; to all that lies in the middle a god has given excellence.
Alas for the affairs of men! When they are fortunate you might compare them to a shadow; and if they are unfortunate, a wet sponge with one dash wipes the picture away.
If a man suffers ill, let it be without shame; for this is the only profit when we are dead. You will never say a good word about deeds that are evil and disgraceful.
