American,Poet
Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
A politician should have three hats. One for throwing into the ring, one for talking through, and one for pulling rabbits out of if elected.
Let the gentle bush dig its root deep and spread upward to split one boulder.
There is an eagle in me that wants to soar, and there is a hippopotamus in me that wants to wallow in the mud.
Love your neighbor as yourself; but don't take down the fence.
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
I doubt if you can have a truly wild party without liquor.
Slang is a language that rolls up its sleeves, spits on its hands and goes to work.
Arithmetic is where the answer is right and everything is nice and you can look out of the window and see the blue sky - or the answer is wrong and you have to start over and try again and see how it comes out this time.
I never made a mistake in grammar but one in my life and as soon as I done it I seen it.
I am an idealist. I don't know where I'm going but I'm on my way.
I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, no just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post mortems; and remember, no one can get the jump on the future.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
I have always felt that a woman has the right to treat the subject of her age with ambiguity until, perhaps, she passes into the realm of over ninety. Then it is better she be candid with herself and with the world.
Let a joy keep you. Reach out your hands and take it when it runs by.
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.
Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me.
To work hard, to live hard, to die hard, and then go to hell after all would be too damn hard.
Strange things blow in through my window on the wings of the night wind and I don't worry about my destiny.
In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning.
I won't take my religion from any man who never works except with his mouth.
Back of every mistaken venture and defeat is the laughter of wisdom, if you listen.
Every blunder behind us is giving a cheer for us, and only for those who were willing to fail are the dangers and splendors of life.
I had taken a course in Ethics. I read a thick textbook, heard the class discussions and came out of it saying I hadn't learned a thing I didn't know before about morals and what is right or wrong in human conduct.
I have become infected, now that I see how beautifully a book is coming out of all this.
I have in later years taken to Euclid, Whitehead, Bertrand Russell, in an elemental way.
I have often wondered what it is an old building can do to you when you happen to know a little about things that went on long ago in that building.
I knew I would read all kinds of books and try to get at what it is that makes good writers good. But I made no promises that I would write books a lot of people would like to read.
I stayed away from mathematics not so much because I knew it would be hard work as because of the amount of time I knew it would take, hours spent in a field where I was not a natural.
I took to wearing a black tie known as the Ascot, with long drooping ends. I had seen pictures of painters, sculptors, poets, wearing this style of tie.
I wrote poems in my corner of the Brooks Street station. I sent them to two editors who rejected them right off. I read those letters of rejection years later and I agreed with those editors.
I'm either going to be a writer or a bum.
My room for books and study or for sitting and thinking about nothing in particular to see what would happen was at the end of a hall.
Often I look back and see that I had been many kinds of a fool-and that I had been happy in being this or that kind of fool.
The scholars and poets of an earlier time can be read only with a dictionary to help.
There have been as many varieties of socialists as there are wild birds that fly in the woods and sometimes go up and on through the clouds.
There was always the consolation that if I didn't like what I wrote I could throw it away or burn it.
We don't have to think up a title till we get the doggone book written.
We had two grand antique professors who had been teaching at Lombard since before I was born.
We read Robert Browning's poetry. Here we needed no guidance from the professor: the poems themselves were enough.
When I was writing pretty poor poetry, this girl with midnight black hair told me to go on.
Where was I going? I puzzled and wondered about it til I actually enjoyed the puzzlement and wondering.
Poetry is a phantom script telling how rainbows are made and why they go away.
Ordering a man to write a poem is like commanding a pregnant woman to give birth to a red-headed child.
Shame is the feeling you have when you agree with the woman who loves you that you are the man she thinks you are.
