American,Poet
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
Stupidity is a talent for misconception.
I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat.
I have no faith in human perfectability. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.
I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it.
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered.
With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion.
That pleasure which is at once the most pure, the most elevating and the most intense, is derived, I maintain, from the contemplation of the beautiful.
I have, indeed, no abhorrence of danger, except in its absolute effect - in terror.
It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
In criticism I will be bold, and as sternly, absolutely just with friend and foe. From this purpose nothing shall turn me.
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so.
To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness.
Of puns it has been said that those who most dislike them are those who are least able to utter them.
The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world.
