Austrian,Poet
I look around me and nowhere do I see a stamp of disapproval with which nature marked a woman's candid brow.
The uneducated person perceives only the individual phenomenon, the partly educated person the rule, and the educated person the exception.
If we notice a few errors in the work of a proven master, we may and even will often be correct; if we believe, however, that he is completely and utterly mistaken, we are in danger of missing his entire concept.
No shortcomings of other people cause us to be more intolerant than those which are caricatures of our own.
The ideas of an age are most abundant where they are not crowded by original ideas.
If someone were to think that trees are made to support the sky, they would all seem too short.
Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun.
Science and art, or by the same token, poetry and prose differ from one another like a journey and an excursion. The purpose of the journey is its goal, the purpose of an excursion is the process.
Without a notion of the transcendental, human beings would, indeed, be animals; however, only fools can be convinced of it, and only degenerates need such a conviction.
When the theater gates open, a mob pours inside, and it is the poet's task to turn it into an audience.
Although your knowledge is weak and small, you need not be silent: since you cannot be judges be at least witnesses.
Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.
No one will stop to help you when you are in need, but everyone forces opinions upon you that you do not require.
Poetry, it is often said and loudly so, is life's true mirror. But a monkey looking into a work of literature looks in vain for Socrates.
This searching and doubting and vacillating where nothing is clear but the arrogance of quest. I, too, had such noble ideas when I was still a boy.
It's the misfortune of German authors that not a single one of them dares to expose his true character. Everyone thinks that he has to be better than he is.
You even called me stupid in your verse, and I'm almost agreeing, for where stupidity is involved, you are quite an expert, friend.
Mankind is getting smarter every day. Actually, it only seems so. At least we are making progress. We're progressing, to be sure, ever more deeply into the forest.
Whoever places his trust into a system will soon be without a home. While you are building your third story, the two lower ones have already been dismantled.
To test a modest man's modesty do not investigate if he ignores applause, find out if he abides criticism.
To declaim freedom verses seems like a poem within a poem; freedom requires guns, it requires arms, but no feet.
Before passing different laws for different people, I'd relinquish myself unto you as your slave.
Ideas are not thoughts; the thought respects the boundaries that the idea ignores thereby failing to realize itself.
Prose talks and poetry sings.
There shall be no slave in your home, male or female: Least of all the mother of your son.
Those who want to row on the ocean of human knowledge do not get far, and the storm drives those out of their course who set sail.
