English,Poet
The worth of a civilization or a culture is not valued in the terms of its material wealth or military power, but by the quality and achievements of its representative individuals - its philosophers, its poets and its artists.
To realize that new world we must prefer the values of freedom and equality above all other values - above personal wealth, technical power and nationalism.
The most general law in nature is equity-the principle of balance and symmetry which guides the growth of forms along the lines of the greatest structural efficiency.
Progress is measured by the degree of differentiation within a society.
It does not seem that the contradiction which exists between the aristocratic function of art and the democratic structure of modern society can ever be resolved.
The slave may be happy, but happiness is not enough.
Progress is measured by richness and intensity of experience - by a wider and deeper apprehension of the significance and scope of human existence.
A man of personality can formulate ideals, but only a man of character can achieve them.
Morality, as has often been pointed out, is antecedent to religion-it even exists in a rudimentary form among animals.
You might think that it would he the natural desire of every man to develop as an independent personality, but this does not seem to be true.
Art is pattern informed by sensibility.
These groups within a society can he distinguished according as to whether, like an army or an orchestra, they function as a single body; or whether they are united merely to defend their common interests and otherwise function as separate individuals.
But the further step, by means of which a civilization is given its quality or culture, is only attained by a process of cellular division, in the course of which the individual is differentiated, made distinct from and independent of the parent group.
In the evolution of mankind there has always been a certain degree of social coherence.
The only sin is ugliness, and if we believed this with all our being, all other activities of the human spirit could be left to take care of themselves.
That is why I believe that art is so much more significant than either economics or philosophy. It is the direct measure of man's spiritual vision.
The modern work of art, as I have said, is a symbol.
The sensitive artist knows that a bitter wind is blowing.
The characteristic political attitude of today is not one of positive belief, but of despair.
Nobody seriously believes in the social philosophies of the immediate past.
There are a few people, but a diminishing number, who still believe that Marxism, as an economic system, off era a coherent alternative to capitalism, and socialism has, indeed, triumphed in one country.
Man is everywhere still in chains.
The sense of historical continuity, and a feeling for philosophical rectitude cannot, however, be compromised.
I know of no better name than Anarchism.
The point I am making is that in the more primitive forms of society the individual is merely a unit; in more developed forms of society he is an independent personality.
If the individual is a unit in a corporate mass, his life is not merely brutish and short, but dull and mechanical.
