American,Poet
All the beautiful sentiments in the world weigh less than a single lovely action.
Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not.
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.
True scholarship consists in knowing not what things exist, but what they mean; it is not memory but judgment.
As life runs on, the road grows strange with faces new - and near the end. The milestones into headstones change, Neath every one a friend.
A great man is made up of qualities that meet or make great occasions.
To educate the intelligence is to expand the horizon of its wants and desires.
Endurance is the crowning quality, And patience all the passion of great hearts.
Joy comes, grief goes, we know not how.
Reputation is only a candle, of wavering and uncertain flame, and easily blown out, but it is the light by which the world looks for and finds merit.
In the ocean of baseness, the deeper we get, the easier the sinking.
Fate loves the fearless.
Fortune is the rod of the weak, and the staff of the brave.
Good luck is the willing handmaid of a upright and energetic character, and conscientious observance of duty.
Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise, Which is seen through at once, if love give a man eyes.
The mind can weave itself warmly in the cocoon of its own thoughts, and dwell a hermit anywhere.
Mishaps are like knives, that either serve us or cut us, as we grasp them by the blade or the handle.
Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace.
Solitude is as needful to the imagination as society is wholesome for the character.
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.
Greatly begin. Though thou have time, but for a line, be that sublime. Not failure, but low aim is crime.
There is no good in arguing with the inevitable. The only argument available with an east wind is to put on your overcoat.
No man can produce great things who is not thoroughly sincere in dealing with himself.
Books are the bees which carry the quickening pollen from one to another mind.
An appeal to the reason of the people has never been known to fail in the long run.
Blessed are they who have nothing to say and who cannot be persuaded to say it.
Truth, after all, wears a different face to everybody, and it would be too tedious to wait till all were agreed.
Folks never understand the folks they hate.
Every person born into this world their work is born with them.
On one issue at least, men and women agree; they both distrust women.
Each day the world is born anew for him who takes it rightly.
The eye is the notebook of the poet.
And what is so rare as a day in June? Then, if ever, come perfect days.
Toward no crimes have men shown themselves so cold- bloodedly cruel as in punishing differences of belief.
He who is firmly seated in authority soon learns to think security, and not progress, the highest lesson in statecraft.
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.
What men prize most is a privilege, even if it be that of chief mourner at a funeral.
Sincerity is impossible, unless it pervade the whole being, and the pretence of it saps the very foundation of character.
