Roman,Poet
The sharp thorn often produces delicate roses.
Neither can the wave that has passed by be recalled, nor the hour which has passed return again.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be fish.
Everyone's a millionaire where promises are concerned.
A horse never runs so fast as when he has other horses to catch up and outpace.
The bold adventurer succeeds the best.
The cause is hidden; the effect is visible to all.
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.
The man who has experienced shipwreck shudders even at a calm sea.
In our leisure we reveal what kind of people we are.
A new idea is delicate. It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn; it can be stabbed to death by a quip and worried to death by a frown on the right man's brow.
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
Time is generally the best doctor.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
Jupiter from on high smiles at the perjuries of lovers.
Let your hook be always cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be fish.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a beautiful crop.
First appearance deceives many.
A prince should be slow to punish, and quick to reward.
Habits change into character.
All things can corrupt when minds are prone to evil.
Suppressed grief suffocates, it rages within the breast, and is forced to multiply its strength.
There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
The spirited horse, which will try to win the race of its own accord, will run even faster if encouraged.
A man is sorry to be honest for nothing.
Ah me! Love can not be cured by herbs.
Beauty is a fragile gift.
Thou seest how sloth wastes the sluggish body, as water is corrupted unless it moves.
Whether they give or refuse, it delights women just the same to have been asked.
Luck affects everything. Let your hook always be cast; in the stream where you least expect it there will be a fish.
Many women long for what eludes them, and like not what is offered them.
At times it is folly to hasten at other times, to delay. The wise do everything in its proper time.
We are ever striving after what is forbidden, and coveting what is denied us.
The will is commendable though the ability may be wanting.
Cunning leads to knavery. It is but a step from one to the other, and that very slippery. Only lying makes the difference; add that to cunning, and it is knavery.
Those things that nature denied to human sight, she revealed to the eyes of the soul.
Tears at times have the weight of speech.
Against the bold, daring is unsafe.
Most safely shall you tread the middle path.
Neglect of appearance becomes men.
What is it that love does to a woman? Without she only sleeps; with it alone, she lives.
An anthill increases by accumulation. Medicine is consumed by distribution. That which is feared lessens by association. This is the thing to understand.
First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, 'I believe,' three times.
Envy aims very high.
Everyone wishes that the man whom he fears would perish.
Enhance and intensify one's vision of that synthesis of truth and beauty which is the highest and deepest reality.
The high-spirited man may indeed die, but he will not stoop to meanness. Fire, though it may be quenched, will not become cool.
No man can purchase his virtue too dear, for it is the only thing whose value must ever increase with the price it has cost us. Our integrity is never worth so much as when we have parted with our all to keep it.
Let me tell you I am better acquainted with you for a long absence, as men are with themselves for a long affliction: absence does but hold off a friend, to make one see him the truer.
You can learn from anyone even your enemy.
Fair peace becomes men; ferocious anger belongs to beasts.
You will go most safely in the middle.
Time, the devourer of all things.
It is convenient that there be gods, and, as it is convenient, let us believe there are.
Everything comes gradually and at its appointed hour.
What makes men indifferent to their wives is that they can see them when they please.
How little is the promise of the child fulfilled in the man.
Men do not value a good deed unless it brings a reward.
People are slow to claim confidence in undertakings of magnitude.
Nothing is more powerful than custom or habit.
An evil life is a kind of death.
Whether you call my heart affectionate, or you call it womanish: I confess, that to my misfortune, it is soft.
Why should I go into details, we have nothing that is not perishable except what our hearts and our intellects endows us with.
Blemishes are hid by night and every fault forgiven; darkness makes any woman fair.
If any person wish to be idle, let them fall in love.
The good of other times let people state; I think it lucky I was born so late.
Minds that are ill at ease are agitated by both hope and fear.
Majesty and love do not consort well together, nor do they dwell in the same place.
Time is the devourer of all things.
Either do not attempt at all, or go through with it.
Love and dignity cannot share the same abode.
The burden which is well borne becomes light.
In an easy matter. Anybody can be eloquent.
What is without periods of rest will not endure.
Love is full of anxious fears.
He who can believe himself well, will be well.
Like fragile ice anger passes away in time.
Love is a kind of warfare.
Bear and endure: This sorrow will one day prove to be for your good.
There is a god within us.
Where belief is painful we are slow to believe.
To feel our ills is one thing, but to cure them is another.
Art lies by its own artifice.
He whom all hate all wish to see destroyed.
Often they benefit who suffer wrong.
Alas! how difficult it is not to betray one's guilt by one's looks.
Death is less bitter punishment than death's delay.
Let what is irksome become habitual, no more will it trouble you.
The heavier crop is ever in others' fields.
The prayers of cowards fortune spurns.
The penalty may be removed, the crime is eternal.
Love is a thing that is full of cares and fears.
He who says o'er much I love not is in love.
He who would not be idle, let him fall in love.
Love is a credulous thing.
