German,Poet
The only journey is the one within.
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky.
And now we welcome the new year. Full of things that have never been.
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches; for the Creator, there is no poverty.
Live your questions now, and perhaps even without knowing it, you will live along some distant day into your answers.
Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other.
The purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things.
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love: the more they give, the more they possess.
There are quantities of human beings, but there are many more faces, for each person has several.
Let life happen to you. Believe me: life is in the right, always.
The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.
Perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave.
There are no classes in life for beginners; right away you are always asked to deal with what is most difficult.
For one human being to love another; that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.
There are so many things about which some old man ought to tell one while one is little; for when one is grown one would know them as a matter of course.
Everything is blooming most recklessly; if it were voices instead of colors, there would be an unbelievable shrieking into the heart of the night.
No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.
A person isn't who they are during the last conversation you had with them - they're who they've been throughout your whole relationship.
Spring has returned. The Earth is like a child that knows poems.
Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.
The deepest experience of the creator is feminine, for it is experience of receiving and bearing.
I hold this to be the highest task for a bond between two people: that each protects the solitude of the other.
Who has not sat before his own heart's curtain? It lifts: and the scenery is falling apart.
More belongs to marriage than four legs in a bed.
All the soarings of my mind begin in my blood.
All emotions are pure which gather you and lift you up; that emotion is impure which seizes only one side of your being and so distorts you.
