English,Poet
I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
To see a world in a grain of sand and heaven in a wild flower Hold infinity in the palm of your hand and eternity in an hour.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
Opposition is true friendship.
When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, And the dimpling stream runs laughing by; When the air does laugh with our merry wit, And the green hill laughs with the noise of it.
The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too.
Without contraries is no progression. Attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence.
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
If the Sun and Moon should ever doubt, they'd immediately go out.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
Do what you will, this world's a fiction and is made up of contradiction.
The true method of knowledge is experiment.
The eye altering, alters all.
The tigers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction.
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
Man has no Body distinct from his Soul; for that called Body is a portion of Soul discerned by the five Senses, the chief inlets of Soul in this age.
When a sinister person means to be your enemy, they always start by trying to become your friend.
Fun I love, but too much fun is of all things the most loathsome. Mirth is better than fun, and happiness is better than mirth.
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans; I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
If a thing loves, it is infinite.
Christ's crucifix shall be made an excuse for executing criminals.
The difference between a bad artist and a good one is: the bad artist seems to copy a great deal; the good one really does.
What is a wife and what is a harlot? What is a church and what is a theatre? are they two and not one? Can they exist separate? Are not religion and politics the same thing? Brotherhood is religion. O demonstrations of reason dividing families in cruelty and pride!
He who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence.
Lives in eternity's sun rise.
The soul of sweet delight, can never be defiled.
Travelers repose and dream among my leaves.
Can I see another's woe, and not be in sorrow too? Can I see another's grief, and not seek for kind relief?
Active Evil is better than Passive Good.
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care.
To the eyes of a miser a guinea is more beautiful than the sun, and a bag worn with the use of money has more beautiful proportions than a vine filled with grapes.
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.
Prudence is a rich, ugly, old maid courted by incapacity.
What is the price of experience? Do men buy it for a song? Or wisdom for a dance in the street? No, it is bought with the price of all the man hath, his house, his wife, his children.
Prisons are built with stones of Law. Brothels with the bricks of religion.
Poetry fettered, fetters the human race. Nations are destroyed or flourish in proportion as their poetry, painting, and music are destroyed or flourish.
Those who restrain their desires, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained.
It is not because angels are holier than men or devils that makes them angels, but because they do not expect holiness from one another, but from God only.
I have no name: I am but two days old. What shall I call thee? I happy am, Joy is my name. Sweet joy befall thee!
Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence.
That the Jews assumed a right exclusively to the benefits of God will be a lasting witness against them and the same will it be against Christians.
As a man is, so he sees. As the eye is formed, such are its powers.
One thought fills immensity.
