English,Designer
It's a new era in fashion - there are no rules. It's all about the individual and personal style, wearing high-end, low-end, classic labels, and up-and-coming designers all together.
I don't want to be too proud, but I have a good personal style.
Of course I make mistakes. I'm human. If I didn't make mistakes, I'd never learn. You can only go forward by making mistakes.
For a long time I was looking for my perfect equilibrium, my mojo. And now I think I'm getting there: I've found my customer, my silhouette, my cut.
You can only go forward by making mistakes.
Youth culture now really looks back and embraces the past, but keeps it contemporary but not sticking to one particular style.
Fashion should be a form of escapism, and not a form of imprisonment.
I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.
I've had good times; I've had bad times.
I came to terms with not fitting in a long time ago. I never really fitted in. I don't want to fit in. And now people are buying into that.
Give me time and I'll give you a revolution.
There is something sinister, something quite biographical about what I do - but that part is for me. It's my personal business. I think there is a lot of romance, melancholy. There's a sadness to it, but there's romance in sadness. I suppose I am a very melancholy person.
Sting's my ideal man, because he's a real man.
It's good to know where you come from. It makes you what you are today. It's DNA, it's in your blood.
I never look at other people's work. My mind has to be completely focused on my own illusions.
As a designer, you've always got to push yourself forward; you've always got to keep up with the trends or make your own trends. That's what I do.
I find beauty in the grotesque, like most artists.
There is a hidden agenda in the fragility of romance.
I was never a big networker, but I was a spin doctor, all those shock shows, that's how I got my first backers. But fashion's a scary industry to be in, especially if you've not grown up with it.
I come from a different era and I design clothes for our era. I think of people I want to dress when I design.
You can get insular with fashion.
I'm not interested in being liked.
I want to empower women. I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.
Fame should be left to the film stars.
Clothes and jewellery should be startling, individual. When you see a woman in my clothes, you want to know more about them. To me, that is what distinguishes good designers from bad designers.
For people who know McQueen, there is always an underlying message. It's usually only the intellectual ones who understand what's going on in what I do.
The turnover of fashion is just so quick and so throwaway, and I think that is a big part of the problem. There is no longevity.
When I'm dead and gone, people will know that the twenty-first century was started by Alexander McQueen.
I hate it when people romanticize Scotland.
I'm not big on women looking naive.
You can hide so much behind theatrics, and I don't need to do that any more.
When a woman gets dressed up to go out at night, she wants to give 50% away, and hold the rest back. If you're an open book, there's no allure.
I just want to be a wallflower. Nondescript. Just not anything. I don't want to see me.
I'm mad in the front of my mind, but business-minded in the back.
Really, what I'm aiming for is world domination!
I'm interested in designing for posterity.
There are only a handful of designers that influence other designers, and I have to keep one step ahead of the game.
I work with people I admire and respect. It's never because of who they are.
