English,Director
There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it.
Revenge is sweet and not fattening.
Luck is everything... My good luck in life was to be a really frightened person. I'm fortunate to be a coward, to have a low threshold of fear, because a hero couldn't make a good suspense film.
In feature films the director is God; in documentary films God is the director.
Always make the audience suffer as much as possible.
The only way to get rid of my fears is to make films about them.
For me, the cinema is not a slice of life, but a piece of cake.
A good film is when the price of the dinner, the theatre admission and the babysitter were worth it.
Dialogue should simply be a sound among other sounds, just something that comes out of the mouths of people whose eyes tell the story in visual terms.
A lot of movies are about life, mine are like a slice of cake.
Self-plagiarism is style.
The more successful the villain, the more successful the picture.
Television is like the invention of indoor plumbing. It didn't change people's habits. It just kept them inside the house.
If it's a good movie, the sound could go off and the audience would still have a perfectly clear idea of what was going on.
I'm full of fears and I do my best to avoid difficulties and any kind of complications. I like everything around me to be clear as crystal and completely calm.
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.
I am scared easily, here is a list of my adrenaline - production: 1: small children, 2: policemen, 3: high places, 4: that my next movie will not be as good as the last one.
Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs.
Television has done much for psychiatry by spreading information about it, as well as contributing to the need for it.
I never said all actors are cattle; what I said was all actors should be treated like cattle.
What is drama but life with the dull bits cut out.
When an actor comes to me and wants to discuss his character, I say, 'It's in the script.' If he says, 'But what's my motivation?, ' I say, 'Your salary.'
Television is like the American toaster, you push the button and the same thing pops up everytime.
There is nothing to winning, really. That is, if you happen to be blessed with a keen eye, an agile mind, and no scruples whatsoever.
I have a perfect cure for a sore throat: cut it.
