English,Actress
I have no interest in doing anything other than good work.
I'm an artist; affirmation is like catnip to me.
Fear is the enemy. I distrust it. Any feeling or decision I make that might be motivated by fear I quickly reassess.
You can't tell what's going to fulfill you in different stages in your life.
I love the company of actors, but the crazier it gets, the more I've come to realise how valuable my time is with my friends who work on the land or are builders or, you know, make music. Work in offices. Run shops.
I think impersonation is a great art. It's something that I enjoy doing, in a frivolous and lighthearted way. But I don't flatter myself to think I'm an impersonator.
I think any artist is a perfectionist by their nature.
I think every work is hard in different ways.
Sometimes I can receive the world and regurgitate my version of events easily and sometimes it's hard.
Maybe I've just been incredibly fortunate, but there's a level of dedication, devotion, intensity and seriousness around me every day.
Every time you get the chance to work with somebody you admire and would like to collaborate with... it feels like the best opportunity that's ever come your way, whether that's in fringe theatre or a really big-budget Hollywood movie.
I am quite odd-looking in real life.
Sometimes I can think of nothing more blissful than going to Berkeley and reading Byron for three years.
My face is almost like a canvas - a blank canvas in the sense that the hair on my face is very, very fine and my skin is incredibly fair and my hair is quite dark, and that's very unusual.
I'm interested in having a relationship with the world that's not my own.
I'm very pragmatic.
When you're playing a romantic version of a real person, you're playing a version of the truth.
When I was little, I would always try and look into the television screen along the sides. I kept thinking if you looked in there, you could see what was happening off camera.
I don't like getting dressed up. It's hard because as a woman, as an actor, the whole world wants you to enjoy dressing up.
When I talk about work or my take on life, all the joyfulness and excitement never seem to make it in.
I think it's the easiest thing in the world to be horribly critical about yourself.
People think I'm totally crackers.
I'm not even sure that any of us are ever ready for anything. We can be ripe, or over-ready, but what is that moment when we're actually ready?
I subscribe to no religion. But I believe that in the creation of art, there can be moments of God.
Often, I'll read a script and the female character's an extension or serves some sort of purpose in terms of the male character's narrative and it just isn't fully formed. But they will be very beautiful. Whether a secretary or a doctor or a vet, they will be very beautiful.
I think, really, what I'm interested in is whole women, real people.
