English,Director
I think the documentary is something that people are hungry for, that it embodies careful thought, nuance.
Each January, nearly half a million people visit the small town of Saundatti for ajatre or festival, to be blessed by Yellamma, the Hindu goddess of fertility.
I love text, I love email, I love Skype; I think it's amazing.
Girls from poor families of the 'untouchable,' or lower, caste are 'married' to Yellamma as young as four. No longer allowed to marry a mortal, they are expected to bestow their entire lives to the service of the goddess.
I hate it when everybody thinks I'm a... what's the word, a marauding mother! It's bigger than that.
Whether in cave paintings or the latest uses of the Internet, human beings have always told their histories and truths through parable and fable. We are inveterate storytellers.
Everything a teenager does, says or looks at, however transitory, contributes to an aggregated virtual self that might one day have consequences for its real-life counterpart. How many of us would keep all our relationships and reputations intact if every transgression, mistake or youthful folly was held in public view?
The film that changed my life is a 1951 film by Vittorio De Sica, 'Miracle in Milan.' It's a remarkable comment on slums, poverty and aspiration.
We have allowed a situation to develop in which it is legal for a multibillion dollar industry to own, wholly and in perpetuity, the intimate and personal details of children.
I come from the school who thought the Internet could be the great democratising force, that getting rid of the gatekeepers was a positive move.
When I was 13, I had a weekend job at the Photographers Gallery Bookshop in London.
Our politicians don't say anything anymore: they just refute and assert.
From the moment I went to Hollywood for the first time, I was accused by various people of selling out. So I feel I've done my sell-out films already. I've sold everything! I've sold every piece of soul I ever had!
I once gave a talk at a girls' school and, once I'd finished, 29 out of the 30 girls wanted to be film directors. I think that's where we need to get girls interested in making films. We need to give them the idea that they can, that it's one of the things on their horizon.
I've walked down the street with Madonna, and I've walked down the street with Colin Firth, and it was a little bit more... with Madonna they were a little rougher, but they were all there for Colin. It was amazing. Women adore him. They swoon.
I think it is a great gift to make people laugh, and it shouldn't be underestimated.
Making a big commercial movie is hard when you think about how many of them flop.
People have a right to have their lives witnessed; if we coexist with the systems that abuse people, then we have a duty to understand.
If Twitter is worth seven billion next month, I'm happy for them to be worth six billion and spend a billion making it safer for people, for example.
The idea of the Internet as sort of open and democratic and free and with no hierarchy, the libertarian beginnings as it were, with peer-to-peer networks... I'd sort of like for everyone to just admit that we're beyond that now.
I don't see such a huge difference between online and 'in real life'. I think it has now become one and the same.
The thing I have come to find astonishing is that people from all political sides routinely say that the Internet has to be the model of free speech and freedom.
When politicians say, 'Oh, parents should supervise their kids' Internet use,' it drives me crazy.
Parents cannot be in the same physical space as their children at all times.
Cinema is arguably the 20th century's most influential art form.
We are increasingly offered a diet in which sensation, not story, is king.
I had a sort of classic moment when a friend of mine rang up and said she'd just been to a funeral, and in the middle of the eulogy, this kid had taken out the phone and had a whole proper text conversation - while everyone was weeping!
If you look where kids are spending time on the Net, they may have all the information in the world, but they're not accessing it.
The thing about documentary is that you don't really choose your subjects: they come and grab you out of your bed.
I'm in the communications business.
I often go out on the street with my camera and ask questions.
The thing that upsets me is the ubiquitous use of reward technology, which uses our evolutionary biology against us.
Sometimes you have to put back in the community.
There is nothing wrong with Facebook in itself, except that it is not a very good tool to express the quality of your relationships.
What is the point of teaching how to analyse a poem or a piece of Shakespeare but not to analyse the Internet?
I love being in real life, and in particular, I like being with young people.
I like the accidental nature of being in the real world.
There's something about actors - not stars, but actors - if they have the character, and someone is pushing and shoving them to be the best they can be, they enjoy that.
I've discovered my Jewishness late in life. And I've really enjoyed exploring that world.
I've liked being Jewish in America - there's a secular version of Jewishness there that's more about bagels and jokes than going to synagogues.
I hope that every film I make has something to offer in the area of making people feel either vindicated or different in terms of who they are.
We need to be much more robust consumers.
This is a culture filled with perfect images of women and perfect images of movie actresses, and most people can't live up to them.
I've always been interested in exploring difficult subjects for the mainstream.
Everything serious in the world is well approached by humour. It's a powerful and often quite subversive tool. I suppose there is an argument that could be made against me for being frivolous, but I do think a laugh is a very generous thing to give.
I absolutely don't want to suggest that women are unreliable because we're mothers - on the contrary. But the question of who brings up the kids has a material effect on all women's careers.
The devadasis have a multilayered story, a story in which poverty, deprivation and injustice against women is central - but what has happened to them is absolutely an outcome of imperialism and the impact of British rule in India.
A white woman with a camera in the Devadasi belt of Karnataka is not inconspicuous... it took time for these women to believe that I was not an official, carrying the threat of fine and imprisonment.
Not many young women of my age have been lucky enough to have had a wonderful mentor in their life.
I've lost count of the plane tickets I've had in my pocket for people's weddings and other celebrations which I've had to tear up because I was making a film. How many things like that can you miss and still be in people's lives?
