English,Philosopher
There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.
Talent is a flame. Genius is a fire.
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.
I like the word 'indolence'. It makes my laziness seem classy.
Disagreement does not necessarily have to be overcome. It may remain an important and constitutive feature of our relations to others and also be seen as something that is merely to be expected in the light of the best explanations we have of how such disagreement arises.
Women have a favorite room, men a favorite chair.
We may pass violets looking for roses. We may pass contentment looking for victory.
We grow a little every time we do not take advantage of somebody's weakness.
If a June night could talk, it would probably boast it invented romance.
Life is supposed to be a series of peaks and valleys. The secret is to keep the valleys from becoming Grand Canyons.
If there's one theme in all my work, it's about authenticity and self-expression. It's the idea that some things are, in some real sense, really you - or express what you and others aren't.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Philosophy is altogether less pure now. It's been impurified by science and social science and history.
What a strange world this would be if we all had the same sense of humor.
I was attracted to opera when I was 15 or 16. A very rich man in England bankrupted himself to put on a lot of opera during the war, but he converted a lot of people, myself included, in the process.
'Humanity' is a name not merely for a species but also for a quality.
People who say, 'Let the chips fall where they may,' usually figure they will not be hit by a chip.
The people I really do dislike are the morally unimaginative kind of evolutionary reductionists who, in the name of science, think they can explain everything in terms of our early hominid ancestors or our genes, with their combination of high-handed tone and disregard for history. Such reductive speculation encourages a really empty scientism.
A half-truth is usually less than half of that.
People have been predicting the death of philosophy since the 17th century. When I was a student, people were saying, 'We're in the last days of philosophy.' Then we were told in the '60s it would be replaced by sociology, then by literary criticism.
An extravagance is something that your spirit thinks is a necessity.
A friend is a lot of things, but a critic isn't.
The day the Lord created hope was probably the same day he created Spring.
Virtually the only subject in which one could ever get a scholarship to Oxford or Cambridge was classics. So I went to Oxford to study classics and, unlike Cambridge, it had a philosophy component, and I became completely transported by it.
Books had instant replay long before televised sports.
Few things are as democratic as a snowstorm.
