English,Actor
I'm not a royal family watcher.
In life, if you have an enthusiasm for what they call 'good manners,' sometimes people don't quite believe you. I've had that once or twice before, where they assume you can't be for real.
I have nothing against romanticism. I'm all for it. I'm helpless in the face of romance.
I wanted to be a journalist, I thought it was glamorous and that I'd meet beautiful women in the rain.
When it comes to casual clothing, my enthusiasm for clothes starts to waver.
I don't do plays without jokes anymore. I've retired from those plays. I think it's bad manners to invite people to sit in the dark for two and a half hours and not tell them the joke.
I got briefly mistaken for someone who might be good in bed, which was very, very good.
I've always slightly worried the kids who play football around my house. They know I'm an actor, but felt sorry for me because they'd never seen anything I've done.
When I do a play, it's like agreeing to be ill for a couple of months.
I know really, really famous people who are terrified every time they walk on to a stage.
I'm one of those weird people who doesn't even own a computer.
I don't even own a car.
Emma Watson is adorable in the extreme. She is such a lovely person.
I've worked with Len Wiseman before, on the 'Underworld' series, in which I was a vampire. The first two of those were his first two films. And I admire him beyond measure. I think he's tremendous, as a man and as a director.
I like sci-fi.
I have a perfectly average skewed perception of myself. We often don't know what we're like.
More people saw me in 'Love Actually' than had seen me in everything else I had ever done up to that point.
You get older and you see yourself and say, 'God, he's old, who's that?'
If I ruled the world, every woman would have a Chanel suit in her wardrobe.
I speed up past mirrors.
One of the reasons I like a suit is because I've never been that keen on my body. The shape a suit presents is always going to be better than anything I can do.
If you ever see me in a social setting wearing any sort of sportswear, then you know I'm in crisis.
If you are supposed to be villainous and have some sort of agenda, I like the idea of delivering that kind of character in a perfectly well-mannered way.
My dad had a personal style which was very attractive. It was quite reserved and quite elegant, and it was infectious.
The degree of notoriety I have is fine and easy. There's nothing hysterical about it.
Never go anywhere you have to wear brown shoes.
The great thing about animation is it's like the radio. I used to do lots of radio when I was a kid, and you get to play parts you would never get to play ordinarily.
I don't dislike the process of animation... I find it daunting, but only as much as I find everything daunting.
I'm a jacket man. And if I'm without one, I am kind of seriously disabled. I don't know how to operate in shirt sleeves.
The phenomenon of vampires has always appealed to me. Everyone kind of likes a vampire story because it almost could be true.
Actors always talk about taking their work home and I always think: 'What are you on? You just turn it off. You are at work and then you go home.'
I never watch my own films.
I'm always happy when actors get rich, because the odds on it are so long!
Jerry Bruckheimer says that he makes films that he would want to see, and it seems that that coincides with what a lot of people want to see.
I guess part of the hit-man appeal is the solitude. Everybody is lured to the idea of the solitary life.
I think in the old days, everybody used to act really quickly because Hollywood was built by theatre people.
There is something, yeah, I mean traditionally it's more fun to play bad guys than it is good guys and when you're playing a bad guy, yeah, the fun in it is to see how scary you can be, how horrible you can be. And it's surprising what you come up with.
When you've been going on about something for a while, it is always satisfying to discover that other people agree with you.
