English,Model
I wish my school days could have dragged on a little longer, or that I could go back and do it later in life.
When you have balance in your life, work becomes an entirely different experience. There is a passion that moves you to a whole new level of fulfillment and gratitude, and that's when you can do your best... for yourself and for others.
Kids should speak to each other. They're horrid to each other online, they bully each other - they should shut up and stop it. The problem with social media is there is too much freedom. It's too much, too young.
Once I find a bag that I love, I wear it always. I just don't change my bags. I literally find one and stay with it.
My dream is to go spend a week on some island with no phone.
I love comfort. Comfort is very key to me because I spend most of my time in very uncomfortable things, so it's all about trainers and flats.
This modeling thing, it's pretty easy, but actually it's also really tough.
I act for love. I give it my all. I would probably still do it even if I wasn't paid at all. But in terms of equal pay, I need to be paid the same as the guy who has equal billing with me. Otherwise, I won't do it. Because if you accept less, you're just letting everyone else down and continuing the cycle.
I like to be goofy. I like to make people laugh. I like to have a good time as much as possible.
I want to explore the world properly, to be able to write about and take pictures of all kinds of different cultures. Just be an explorer or adventurer. I also love extreme sports.
Embrace your weirdness!
I love talking to my friends at uni and seeing what they are doing. They're just finishing their dissertations, and I kind of wish I could live their life for a second. I wish my school days could have dragged on a little longer, or that I could go back and do it later in life.
I treat the camera like a person - I gaze into it. Photos are a flat thing, and you need to put life into them.
I love a vintage look that's also a bit rock n' roll.
I've always wanted to do a shoot with snakes - big snakes, like pythons.
The best therapy is actually the more aggressive kind when they break you open; they unleash you.
My sexuality is not a phase. I am who I am.
The thing is, if I ever found a guy I could fall in love with, I'd want to marry him and have his children. And that scares me to death because I think I'm a whole bunch of crazy, and I always worry that a guy will walk away once he really, truly knows me.
I worked hard to be accepted by the fashion community in ways beyond my physical appearance. In no time, though, I found myself surrendering to the industry's approval process. I felt like I needed validation from everyone. As a result, I lost sight of myself and what it meant to be happy, what it meant to be successful.
The energy you give off is the energy you receive. I really think that, so I'm always myself - jumping, dancing, singing around, trying to cheer everybody up.
I want to fall in love, I think. I've never. I know. Everyone I know's been in love or in relationships now and... There's only ever been... there's been people telling me they love me, but it freaks me out and I just run, run. I think I'm a bad girlfriend.
It's hard finding people you trust or who aren't going to take your money. Everyone wants to get a piece of whatever you're doing. It's a nightmare.
I hyperventilate quite a lot.
I can't sleep in the evenings. Most of the pictures people see of me are me going to work events: a Fendi dinner one night, a Prada dinner the next, and working all day.
I'm just not into happy-clappy pop. Unless it's happy-clappy pop in a good way.
I love figuring out a stranger, sitting down and learning about their loves and struggles and everything. People are my jam.
If I was rich enough, I would love to launch my own record label. I would love to try and give all my musically talented friends a start in the industry.
I love to beatbox and have been doing it before I even knew what it was.
Fame, do I like it? No. It has bought a lot for me in my career, but there are a lot of downsides to it. You give up your privacy. I did it to myself but not to my family and friends. You don't ask for it. You just have to live with it.
I just don't think that I trust men. That's the problem. I can appreciate a beautiful-looking man, but he's not my type.
If I am able to carry on modeling, I'll be very happy to, but my passion is definitely in music and acting. I would love to do what Meryl Streep is doing. Her or Judi Dench, or maybe Charlize Theron as well.
Of course, I loved the Spice Girls. I loved Geri and Baby, but who liked Posh Spice? They said I looked like her, and I said: 'That's not cool, that's really mean.'
Fashion Week is horrible. I mean, it isn't horrible, really - it's amazing. But having to work that much every day is.
When I was younger, I liked money - the feel of it. I would sit with my dad and count his coins and be like, 'Yeah.' I'd saved £700 by the age of 10. I thought: 'What the hell am I hoarding this for?' So I bought a drum kit.
I've started doing yoga and meditation, but I'm not very good at that kind of thing and turning my brain off.
Victoria's Secret is really about celebrating women and what they stand for: the strength.
You never realise that you have an impact on people's lives. There are so many girls that go through so many problems and who come to me. I really try and take time to speak to as many people as possible.
I always wake up 10 minutes before I have to be anywhere.
I love acting. I do it as a hobby. If I was able to have that as a career... Hopefully the fashion thing is a stepping-stone. I was so worried when I started modeling that it would hinder my chances of acting.
I'd love to work with Tarantino, Scorsese, Sofia Coppola - all of them! I love thrillers and action movies. I love good horror films. I watched them so much when I was younger that I find it impossible to get scared.
I just wanted to be like J.Lo when I started. The last thing I want to be is a model-slash-actress. But I love actress-slash-musicians.
At school, I was a tomboy, and it would be me and all my guy friends.
In school, I was Martha in 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' I loved that.
Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease, and I'm sensitive.
As a model, I really stand for not being a model, if that makes sense. When I started, the whole idea of the model was very different; it was a bit stuck-up. Not stuck-up, but no one was trying to have fun, or not even have fun, but be willing to smile.
I get a lot of girls who say, 'I just want to be a model so badly.' And I think: 'You can do better than that.' I mean, look, I do love it, I'm not saying anything bad about it, I just think you can do a lot more.
I got a tattoo saying 'Made in England' above my foot to represent that, that I felt like a doll for so long.
I want to behave more like a boy... I want to be the strong one.
I love Christopher Bailey and Burberry, Mulberry for bags, and Hudson for jeans. I like a little bit of designer with a bit of vintage and High Street mixed in. I love it when you find those one-off key pieces, which end up becoming investment pieces. I always go for comfort, and like feeling confident and casual.
I love curves; I'm all about curves. I don't have many, which is really sad, but I think the more the better.
There's a really easy way of just kind of wearing make-up but looking like there's nothing on your face... I'm still not very good at it, and I'm learning slowly.
The thrill of acting is making a character real. Modeling is the opposite of real. It's being fake in front of the camera.
I grew up in the upper class, for sure. My family was kind of about that whole parties-and-horse racing thing. I can understand it's fun for some. I never enjoyed it.
Singing, writing songs, is kind of my biggest fear, but it's the thing I feel I need to conquer.
In the '90s, I wouldn't have been a supermodel.
I'm no Method actor. I've tried staying in character, and it's just exhausting.
I started modeling when I was 16. The odds were against me. At 5' 8, I was shorter than most girls in the business. Still, I gave it a shot, and like with most things in my life, I never gave up.
When you're coming from a place of living just to work, it's never as good as you want it to be. It's never as authentic.
As a child, I used 'gay' as a bad word, as in, 'That's so gay.' All my friends did.
I never really thought about modelling. It wasn't something I ever wanted to do. I used to always be so angry about modelling.
When you are clinically diagnosed with depression as a teenager, sometimes people don't understand it. You feel like you should be happy, especially when you have a very lucky upbringing, and you blame yourself.
I need to be able to be at a gig and just put my bag on the floor and not worry about it being stood on or getting ruined. You want a bag that can go through anything. And a little bit of softness is always lovely. If I don't have a dog, I can just pet my bag!
I've always been a bit of an inventor, just making up weird things people haven't thought of before. I can't tell you exactly what, though, because they might actually happen one day!
When I first started modeling, they used to bleach my eyebrows all the time.
I never do anything to my hair. I just wash it. It tends to get dry, so I just try to put good, natural oils in it. I do a deep conditioning mask, which is quite good.
At fashion shows, my brows often get bleached, and they've been dyed back much darker - like jet black, where you can't even see my skin. Sometimes with Just for Men! What a mistake. At times, the two brows aren't even the same color!
As a kid, I got teased about my unibrow. Now I love my brows.
With acting, the last thing you do is try to look pretty. Modeling actually makes acting harder - it makes you so self-aware.
