English,Critic
My motto is: Contented with little, yet wishing for more.
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
I have had playmates, I have had companions; In my days of childhood, in my joyful school days - All, all are gone, the old familiar faces.
The beggar wears all colors fearing none.
Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.
New Year's Day is every man's birthday.
Man is a gaming animal. He must always be trying to get the better in something or other.
A pun is not bound by the laws which limit nicer wit. It is a pistol let off at the ear; not a feather to tickle the intellect.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth and have it found out by accident.
The most common error made in matters of appearance is the belief that one should disdain the superficial and let the true beauty of one's soul shine through. If there are places on your body where this is a possibility, you are not attractive - you are leaking.
My theory is to enjoy life, but the practice is against it.
It is good to love the unknown.
A book reads the better which is our own, and has been so long known to us, that we know the topography of its blots, and dog's ears, and can trace the dirt in it to having read it at tea with buttered muffins.
Here cometh April again, and as far as I can see the world hath more fools in it than ever.
The human species, according to the best theory I can form of it, is composed of two distinct races, the men who borrow and the men who lend.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
Credulity is the man's weakness, but the child's strength.
Asparagus inspires gentle thoughts.
We gain nothing by being with such as ourselves. We encourage one another in mediocrity. I am always longing to be with men more excellent than myself.
What is reading, but silent conversation.
I love to lose myself in other men's minds.
She unbent her mind afterwards - over a book.
I am determined that my children shall be brought up in their father's religion, if they can find out what it is.
Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
Nothing puzzles me more than the time and space; and yet nothing troubles me less.
Cards are war, in disguise of a sport.
