English,Businessman
Never stop testing, and your advertising will never stop improving.
A good advertisement is one which sells the product without drawing attention to itself.
It takes a big idea to attract the attention of consumers and get them to buy your product. Unless your advertising contains a big idea, it will pass like a ship in the night. I doubt if more than one campaign in a hundred contains a big idea.
The more informative your advertising, the more persuasive it will be.
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon.
Every advertisement should be thought of as a contribution to the complex symbol which is the brand image.
First, make yourself a reputation for being a creative genius. Second, surround yourself with partners who are better than you are. Third, leave them to go get on with it.
Advertising reflects the mores of society, but it does not influence them.
If each of us hires people who are smaller than we are, we shall become a company of dwarfs. But if each of us hires people who are bigger than we are, we shall become a company of giants.
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.
The headline is the 'ticket on the meat.' Use it to flag down readers who are prospects for the kind of product you are advertising.
I do not regard advertising as entertainment or an art form, but as a medium of information.
If you ever have the good fortune to create a great advertising campaign, you will soon see another agency steal it. This is irritating, but don't let it worry you; nobody has ever built a brand by imitating somebody else's advertising.
On the average, five times as many people read the headline as read the body copy. When you have written your headline, you have spent eighty cents out of your dollar.
What you say in advertising is more important than how you say it.
Advertising people who ignore research are as dangerous as generals who ignore decodes of enemy signals.
The consumer isn't a moron; she is your wife.
The relationship between a manufacturer and his advertising agency is almost as intimate as the relationship between a patient and his doctor. Make sure that you can life happily with your prospective client before you accept his account.
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.
What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy is the content of your advertising, not its form.
You now have to decide what 'image' you want for your brand. Image means personality. Products, like people, have personalities, and they can make or break them in the market place.
It strikes me as bad manners for a magazine to accept one of my advertisements and then attack it editorially - like inviting a man to dinner then spitting in his eye.
Good copy can't be written with tongue in cheek, written just for a living. You've got to believe in the product.
I notice increasing reluctance on the part of marketing executives to use judgment; they are coming to rely too much on research, and they use it as a drunkard uses a lamp post for support, rather than for illumination.
Many manufacturers secretly question whether advertising really sells their product, but are vaguely afraid that their competitors might steal a march on them if they stopped.
The pursuit of excellence is less profitable than the pursuit of bigness, but it can be more satisfying.
