English,Actor
We have one life and we should cherish it and make it the best we can.
I think I'm quite a lazy person, actually. If I'm not careful, I could just stay in bed all day.
Liverpool has always made me brave, choice-wise. It was never a city that criticised anyone for taking a chance.
Nothing is my guiltiest pleasure. I love it. I love doing it. I love planning to do it, I love loafing and pottering and chilling and daydreaming.
Savannah is amazing with the town squares and the hanging moss and the French Colonial houses. It's brutally romantic.
You want people to identify with the person on the screen or in the theater, but you don't want them to identify with you as a person.
'Evil' is quite a blanket term. People aren't the demonic characters we would like them to be sometimes.
I think when you don't know where you stand with someone, they can surprise you in their goodness and their badness, and that makes them human.
The great thing about coming from where I come from - Liverpool and my family - is that we're very close. I have a great relationship with my siblings and their kids.
I love telling stories. I like the challenges presented to me on a daily basis. There's nothing resting about acting.
I'm not a perfectionist at all. I find perfectionists boring because the real creative heart is in the mess somewhere.
I think the corruption of power is very interesting, and I think the idea that power is something that... You know, when people want power, they're a certain individual. When people acquire power by accident, they're different again.
The biggest difference between British TV and American TV is money. But what money doesn't do on American TV, which I thought it would, is buy you time. You don't get more time. You get more toys.
In all honesty, we all want our fantasy selves to be the best people. We all think in a time of crisis, we will react heroically and with humanity.
The thing as an actor is you get a sense of what a show is like the minute you walk on the set.
When I told my parents I wanted to be an actor, it was like saying I wanted to be an astronaut. Not because it was highfalutin' in any way - just because they didn't know anybody in that field. They were anxious of a profession they knew nothing about.
All my good friends are actors, really. It's different when you have a family, but they're still the people I meet most often. My best friend is Ian Hart, but then I've known him since I was five.
I'm the youngest of four kids. There's something in me that will always be the youngest child, will always look up to people when they don't necessarily need it.
I'd really like to get on a Greyhound bus and go backpacking across America.
My house is very clean apart from a very small part of it that looks as if we've been burgled, which is my office.
The great thing about being an actor is things happen to you very quickly. I like to put myself in the way of surprise.
It's always good to find out what you don't want to do.
I couldn't think of anything worse than going to a fancy dress party. So, if somebody invited me to one, I'd go as the Invisible Man and not turn up.
I owe my mum a sense of family. She has kept our family together. I have two brothers and a sister, and they all live a stone's throw away from each other in Liverpool.
I love getting stuff, and if I give a present to someone and don't get one back, you can bet your life they won't be getting one next year.
I've moved into directing as well as acting, and it has taught me never to take casting personally.
