English,Writer
Things are not quite so simple always as black and white.
What is a hero without love for mankind.
Any human anywhere will blossom in a hundred unexpected talents and capacities simply by being given the opportunity to do so.
Borrowing is not much better than begging; just as lending with interest is not much better than stealing.
With a library you are free, not confined by temporary political climates. It is the most democratic of institutions because no one - but no one at all - can tell you what to read and when and how.
Humanity's legacy of stories and storytelling is the most precious we have. All wisdom is in our stories and songs. A story is how we construct our experiences. At the very simplest, it can be: 'He/she was born, lived, died.' Probably that is the template of our stories - a beginning, middle, and end. This structure is in our minds.
Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel.
Small things amuse small minds.
I think a writer's job is to provoke questions. I like to think that if someone's read a book of mine, they've had - I don't know what - the literary equivalent of a shower. Something that would start them thinking in a slightly different way, perhaps. That's what I think writers are for.
The great secret that all old people share is that you really haven't changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you don't change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.
There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best.
Pleasure resorts are like film stars and royalty... embarrassed by the figures they cut in the fantasies of people who have never met them.
A story is how we construct our experiences.
You know, when I was a girl, the idea that the British Empire could ever end was absolutely inconceivable. And it just disappeared, like all the other empires.
September 11 was terrible but, if one goes back over the history of the IRA, what happened to the Americans wasn't that terrible.
When young I did my best to undo that bit of the British Empire I found myself in: that is, old Southern Rhodesia.
That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something you've understood all your life, but in a new way.
When I was a girl, the idea that the British Empire could ever end was absolutely inconceivable. And it just disappeared, like all the other empires. You know, when people talk about the British Empire, they always forget that all the European countries had empires.
My mother was a woman who was very frustrated. She had a great deal of ability, and all this energy went into me and my brother.
Pearls mean tears.
There is nothing more boring for an intelligent woman than to spend endless amounts of time with small children.
What I really can't stand about the feminist revolution is that it produced some of the smuggest, most unselfcritical people the world has ever seen. They are horrible.
I do not think that marriage is one of my talents. I've been much happier unmarried than married.
There's an unconscious bias in our society: girls are wonderful; boys are terrible. And to be a boy, or young man, growing up, having to listen to all this, it must be painful.
Sentimentality is intolerable because it is false feeling.
When you're young you think that you're going to sail into a lovely lake of quietude and peace. This is profoundly untrue.
I wasn't an active feminist in the '60s, never have been.
What the feminists want of me is something they haven't examined because it comes from religion. They want me to bear witness.
All I do is give interviews and spend time being photographed.
Everything all the time in a city is extraordinary!
I think kids ought to travel. I think it's very good to carry kids around. It's good for them. Of course it's tough on the parents.
My father was in the First World War.
I wanted to write about my mother as she should have been if she had not been messed up by World War I.
I have ideas that I will probably never write now.
It usually takes me a year to do a book. A year or eighteen months.
I don't think in terms of optimism and pessimism when writing a story. I am telling a story.
The human race has been telling stories since it began.
I'm compulsive.
I was a nursemaid. And it was pretty boring.
I never stopped reading.
God knows why nobody ever learns from the preceding generation - but they don't.
I'm just a story teller.
I'm very unhappy when I'm not writing.
Sometimes I think what I write is funny in its quiet way.
A writer falls in love with an idea and gets carried away.
I haven't got the energy to write now.
My father was always so mingled with rage at his life.
All my friends' mothers were appalling women.
You cannot escape the fact that women mould your first five years, whether you like it or not. And I can't say I do like it very much.
The Nobel Prize is run by a self-perpetuated committee. They vote for themselves and get the world's publishing industry to jump to their tune.
I'll be pleased when I'm dead. That will let me off worrying about all these wars.
My mother died happily of a stroke in her seventies.
I never thought of London in terms of possible heroes - of course, there are thousands. It's a very talented city.
As soon as I got the Nobel Prize my back collapsed and I was in hospital.
There was a time when young people respected learning and literature and now they don't.
I didn't go to school much, so I taught myself what I knew from reading.
I think a lot of romanticizing has gone on with the women's movement.
The critics slap labels on you and then expect you to talk inside their terms.
Whenever I met anyone who knew anything, I would bore them stiff until they told me what they knew.
When I became political and Communist, it was because they were the only people I had ever met who fought the color bar in their lives.
I wanted to highlight that whole dreadful process in book publishing that 'nothing succeeds like success.'
We like to think we can solve everything, but we can't always.
I'm sure that everybody feels a kind of permanent anguish about what's going on in the world.
The thing is, I haven't changed at all.
I am always being described as having views that I've never had in my life.
I've worked hard all my life. You have to if you want to get things done.
Time and distance from the first and second world wars doesn't seem to lessen their horrors.
When I started, there were no big interviews, no television, no profiles and all that. The publishers were quite shockingly uncommercial, but they did look after their writers.
If you are a young writer today, it's very hard.
It's lovely to have money to give away - that's the bonus of winning the Nobel.
You know, looking at it objectively, I've written one or two good books.
It's very interesting what you don't care about.
I am your original autodidact.
I'm not one of those writers that sits worrying about posthumous fame.
I always hated Tony Blair, from the beginning.
There's always this sense of incredulity that writers feel, because they're usually living flat and ordinary lives, because they have to.
I thought that would go without saying, that if a mother gives up her children, it's very painful.
I hate Iran. I hate the Iranian government. It's a cruel and evil government.
I do not think writers ought ever to sit down and think they must write about some cause, or theme, or something. If they write about their own experiences, something true is going to emerge.
I was writing all my childhood. And I wrote two novels when I was 17, which were terrible. And I'm not sorry I threw them out. So, I wrote. I had to write. You know, the thing was, I had no education.
The World War I, I'm a child of World War I. And I really know about the children of war. Because both my parents were both badly damaged by the war. My father, physically, and both mentally and emotionally. So, I know exactly what it's like to be brought up in an atmosphere of a continual harping on the war.
It is very enjoyable, writing a story. You get this idea. It takes hold of you. And then you spend day and night thinking about how to do it. And then you do it. And much later, you think, 'Oh, yes. That's an interesting question.'
I got married and I had children because of the Second World War, as all of us did, exclaiming, 'Oh, no, we are never going to bring a child into this wicked world,' but we had children by the dozen and got married.
You should write, first of all, to please yourself. You shouldn't care a damn about anybody else at all. But writing can't be a way of life; the important part of writing is living. You have to live in such a way that your writing emerges from it.
When I was bringing up a child, I taught myself to write in very short, concentrated bursts. If I had a weekend, or a week, I'd do unbelievable amounts of work.
I don't write well when I'm sitting there sweating about every single phrase.
It's amazing what you find out about yourself when you write in the first person about someone very different from you.
I would not be at all surprised to find out... that the dimensions of buildings affect us in ways we don't guess.
I see every book as a problem that you have to solve. That is what dictates the form you use. It's not that you say, 'I want to write a science fiction book.' You start from the other end, and what you have to say dictates the form of it.
I remember World War II when there were very few books, very little paper available. For me to walk into a shop or look at a list and see anything that I want, or almost anything, is like a kind of miracle.
