English,Philosopher
Originality is independence, not rebellion; it is sincerity, not antagonism.
The true function of philosophy is to educate us in the principles of reasoning and not to put an end to further reasoning by the introduction of fixed conclusions.
Insincerity is always weakness; sincerity even in error is strength.
Science is the systematic classification of experience.
Personal experience is the basis of all real Literature.
Imagination is not the exclusive appanage of artists, but belongs in varying degrees to all men.
Genius is rarely able to give any account of its own processes.
When a man fails to see the truth of certain generally accepted views, there is no law compelling him to provoke animosity by announcing his dissent.
Sincerity is moral truth.
In all sincere speech there is power, not necessarily great power, but as much as the speaker is capable of.
Speak for yourself and from yourself, or be silent.
The delusions of self-love cannot be prevented, but intellectual misconceptions as to the means of achieving success may be corrected.
Murder, like talent, seems occasionally to run in families.
Philosophy and Art both render the invisible visible by imagination.
The superiority of one mind over another depends on the rapidity with which experiences are thus organised.
The only cure for grief is action.
We must never assume that which is incapable of proof.
Many a genius has been slow of growth. Oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed.
Literature is at once the cause and the effect of social progress.
Books have become our dearest companions, yielding exquisite delights and inspiring lofty aims.
A man may be variously accomplished, and yet be a feeble poet.
The object of Literature is to instruct, to animate, or to amuse.
Science is not addressed to poets.
If you feel yourself to be above the mass, speak so as to raise the mass to the height of your argument.
Good writers are of necessity rare.
Books minister to our knowledge, to our guidance, and to our delight, by their truth, their uprightness, and their art.
