English,Dramatist
I left school at sixteen - I was fed up and restless. The only thing that interested me at school was English language and literature, but I didn't have Latin, and so couldn't go on to university. So I went to a few drama schools, not studying seriously; I was mostly in love at the time and tied up with that.
Apart from the known and the unknown, what else is there?
There are no hard distinctions between what is real and what is unreal, nor between what is true and what is false. A thing is not necessarily either true or false; it can be both true and false.
Truth in drama is forever elusive. You never quite find it, but the search for it is compulsive. The search is clearly what drives the endeavour. The search is your task.
Beckett had an unerring light on things, which I much appreciated.
The past is what you remember, imagine you remember, convince yourself you remember, or pretend you remember.
I tend to think that cricket is the greatest thing that God ever created on earth - certainly greater than sex, although sex isn't too bad either.
I was told that, when 'Betrayal' was being produced by one of the provincial companies in England, the two actors playing those roles actually went into a pub one day and played that scene as if it were really happening to them. The people around them became very uncomfortable.
It's so easy for propaganda to work, and dissent to be mocked.
The effect of depleted uranium, used by America in the Gulf War, is never referred to.
The crimes of the U.S. throughout the world have been systematic, constant, clinical, remorseless, and fully documented but nobody talks about them.
Good writing excites me, and makes life worth living.
A short piece of work means as much to me as a long piece of work.
No one wanted me to be a conscientious objector. My parents certainly didn't want it. My teacher and mentor, Joe Brearley, didn't want it. My friends didn't want it. I was alone.
This particular nurse said, Cancer cells are those which have forgotten how to die. I was so struck by this statement.
I think it is the responsibility of a citizen of any country to say what he thinks.
Drama happens in big cricket matches. But also in small cricket matches.
You have to hand it to America. It has exercised a quite clinical manipulation of power worldwide while masquerading as a force for universal good.
All that happens is that the destruction of human beings - unless they're Americans - is called collateral damage.
My second play, The Birthday Party, I wrote in 1958 - or 1957. It was totally destroyed by the critics of the day, who called it an absolute load of rubbish.
Sometimes you feel you have the truth of a moment in your hand, then it slips through your fingers and is lost.
I'm always the interrogator. When I was an actor in rep, I always played sinister parts. The directors always said, 'If there's a nasty man about, cast Harold Pinter.'
I was brought up in the War. I was an adolescent in the Second World War. And I did witness in London a great deal of the Blitz.
One way of looking at speech is to say it is a constant stratagem to cover nakedness.
Clinton's hands remain incredibly clean, don't they, and Tony Blair's smile remains as wide as ever. I view these guises with profound contempt.
I also found being called Sir rather silly.
Analysis I take to be a scientific procedure. What I do is creative. It doesn't spring from the same part of the mind.
I think plays have nothing to do with one's own personal life. Not in my experience, anyway. The stuff of drama has to do, not with your subject matter, anyway, but with how you treat it. Drama includes pain, loss, regret - that's what drama is about!
I used to get up at five in the morning and play cricket.
Cricket, the whole thing, playing, watching, being part of the Gaieties, has been a central feature of my life.
The only theatre I ever saw was Shakespeare.
A few friends and me used to go and watch Bunuel, Carne, Cocteau... Cocteau and Bunuel were surrealism. And I was very excited by that. 'Un Chien Andalou', especially.
My father was a tailor. He worked from seven o'clock in the morning until seven at night. At least when he got home, my mother always cooked him a very good dinner. Lots of potatoes, I remember; he used to knock them down like a dose of salts. He needed it, after a 12-hour day.
All I can say is that I did admire 'The Lives of Others', which I thought was really about something and beautifully done.
George W. Bush is always protesting that he has the fate of the world in mind and bangs on about the 'freedom-loving peoples' he's seeking to protect. I'd love to meet a freedom-hating people.
One should also remember that the U.S. is the biggest exporter of torture weapons in the world, though the U.K. is not far behind in the league table. We never stopped, even under Robin Cook's supposedly ethical foreign policy.
All I'm saying is that there are many different kinds of political theatre and many plays I greatly admire: 'Antigone,' 'Mother Courage,' 'All My Sons.' But, if I tackle a political theme, I have to do it in my own way.
I always start a play by calling the characters A, B, and C.
Political theatre presents an entirely different set of problems. Sermonising has to be avoided at all cost. Objectivity is essential. The characters must be allowed to breathe their own air. The author cannot confine and constrict them to satisfy his own taste or disposition or prejudice.
I am absolutely not saying that Milosevic might not be responsible for all sorts of atrocities, but I believe that what's been left out of public debate and the press is that there was a civil war going on there.
I find the whole Blairish idea more and more repugnant every day. 'New Labour': the term itself is so trashy. Kind of ersatz.
Only by the sweat of my own brow. I am a totally working man.
I certainly feel sad about the alienation from my son.
I don't idealise women. I enjoy them. I have been married to two of the most independent women it is possible to think of.
Things like Abu Ghraib and even Guantanamo are not new things: there are many precedents.
There was one man in the Labour government, Robin Cook, whom I had a very high regard for. He had the courage to speak out and to resign over Iraq. He was an admirable man. But resignation over a matter of principle is not a very fashionable thing in our society.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again. I've written 29 damn plays. Isn't that enough?
I don't make judgments about my own work, and I don't analyze it; I just let it happen. That applies to everything I've done.
I do tend to think that I've written a great deal out of my unconscious because half the time I don't know what a given character is going to say next.
The whole brunt of the media and the government is to encourage people to be highly competitive and totally selfish and uncaring of others.
I'll tell you something, and this is true: I've never been able to write a film which I didn't respect. I just can't do it. I'm very happy about all the films I haven't done.
It's such a delicate business, the structure of film, isn't it? What happens if a scene is not there but two minutes later? It's an eternal, never-ending search, actually, which is very exciting. It really is.
Many Americans, we know, are horrified by the posture of their government but seem to be helpless.
A character on stage who can present no convincing argument or information as to his past experience, his present behaviour or his aspirations, nor give a comprehensive analysis of his motives, is as legitimate and as worthy of attention as one who, alarmingly, can do all these things.
I'm well aware that I have been described in some quarters as being 'enigmatic, taciturn, prickly, explosive and forbidding'. Well, I have my moods like anyone else; I won't deny it.
Quite simply, my writing life has been one of relish, challenge, excitement.
As far as I'm concerned, 'The Caretaker' is funny up to a point. Beyond that, it ceases to be funny, and it was because of that point that I wrote it.
