English,Novelist
Guilt has very quick ears to an accusation.
A truly elegant taste is generally accompanied with excellency of heart.
A rich man without charity is a rogue; and perhaps it would be no difficult matter to prove that he is also a fool.
All nature wears one universal grin.
Commend a fool for his wit, or a rogue for his honesty and he will receive you into his favor.
Neither great poverty nor great riches will hear reason.
Worth begets in base minds, envy; in great souls, emulation.
There is an insolence which none but those who themselves deserve contempt can bestow, and those only who deserve no contempt can bear.
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
When children are doing nothing, they are doing mischief.
Adversity is the trial of principle. Without it a man hardly knows whether he is honest or not.
The characteristic of coquettes is affectation governed by whim.
Some folks rail against other folks, because other folks have what some folks would be glad of.
Where the law ends tyranny begins.
If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil.
A newspaper consists of just the same number of words, whether there be any news in it or not.
Now, in reality, the world have paid too great a compliment to critics, and have imagined them to be men of much greater profundity then they really are.
Dancing begets warmth, which is the parent of wantonness.
Wine is a turncoat; first a friend and then an enemy.
We are as liable to be corrupted by books, as by companions.
There is not in the universe a more ridiculous, nor a more contemptible animal, than a proud clergyman.
Scarcely one person in a thousand is capable of tasting the happiness of others.
Without adversity a person hardly knows whether they are honest or not.
One fool at least in every married couple.
When widows exclaim loudly against second marriages, I would always lay a wager than the man, If not the wedding day, is absolutely fixed on.
When I'm not thanked at all, I'm thanked enough, I've done my duty, and I've done no more.
