English,Writer
History offers us vicarious experience. It allows the youngest student to possess the ground equally with his elders; without a knowledge of history to give him a context for present events, he is at the mercy of every social misdiagnosis handed to him.
Once you're labeled as mentally ill, and that's in your medical notes, then anything you say can be discounted as an artefact of your mental illness.
I am very happy in second-hand bookshops; would a gardener not be happy in a garden?
For myself, the only way I know how to make a book is to construct it like a collage: a bit of dialogue here, a scrap of narrative, an isolated description of a common object, an elaborate running metaphor which threads between the sequences and holds different narrative lines together.
Though I have never thought of myself as a book collector, there are shelves in our house browsed so often, on so many rainy winter nights, that the contents have seeped into me as if by osmosis.
I didn't cry much after I was 35, but staggered stony-faced into middle age, a handkerchief still in my bag just in case.
History is always changing behind us, and the past changes a little every time we retell it.
Imagination only comes when you privilege the subconscious, when you make delay and procrastination work for you.
Like a historian, I interpret, select, discard, shape, simplify. Unlike a historian, I make up people's thoughts.
When I wrote about the French Revolution, I didn't choose to write about aristocrats; I chose characters who began their lives in provincial obscurity.
When I was a child, there was very little money, so I've always been concerned for my financial security, which has meant that finding myself as a writer was a bad move. The practical difference the money has made is that I can support myself by fiction. That is what I have been trying to do throughout my life.
Concentrate your narrative energy on the point of change. This is especially important for historical fiction. When your character is new to a place, or things alter around them, that's the point to step back and fill in the details of their world.
My thoughts have been the thing I can rely on.
I think it took me half a page of 'Wolf Hall' to think: 'This is the novel I should have been writing all along.'
When you write, you are not either sex. But when you're read you are definitely gendered.
As a writer, you owe it to yourself not to get stuck in a rut of looking at the world in a certain way.
It follows that if you are not a mother you are not a grandmother. Your life has become unpunctuated, whereas the lives of other women around you have these distinct phases.
I spend a great deal of time on research, on finding all the available accounts of a scene or incident, finding out all the background details and the biographies of the people involved there, and I try to run up all the accounts side by side to see where the contradictions are, and to look where things have gone missing.
Since I was a very small child, I've had a kind of reverence for the past, and I felt a very intimate connection with it.
I'm one of these children who grew up at the knee of my grandmother and her elder sister, listening to very old people talk about their memories.
My first two novels were very black comedies.
I've got so many ideas, and sometimes the more exhausted my body gets, the more active my mind gets.
Much historical fiction that centers on real people has always been deficient in information, lacking in craft and empty in affect.
Hindsight is the historian's necessary vice.
Memory isn't a theme; it's part of the human condition.
I think if I hadn't become a writer I would just have suppressed that part of my personality. I think I would have put it in a box that I never opened.
What really disconcerts commentators, I suspect, is that when they read historical fiction, they feel their own lack of education may be exposed; they panic, because they don't know which bits are true.
I once stole a book. It was really just the once, and at the time I called it borrowing. It was 1970, and the book, I could see by its lack of date stamps, had been lying unappreciated on the shelves of my convent school library since its publication in 1945.
My first career ambitions involved turning into a boy; I intended to be either a railway guard or a knight errant.
I think I would have been a reasonably good lawyer. I have a faculty for making sense of mountains of information.
I would have been a disaster as a career politician. I would never have toed a party line.
The more history I learnt, the less interested I got in winning arguments and the more interested in establishing the truth.
Sometimes you buy a book, powerfully drawn to it, but then it just sits on the shelf. Maybe you flick through it, the ghost of your original purpose at your elbow, but it's not so much rereading as re-dusting. Then one day you pick it up, take notice of the contents; your inner life realigns.
The experienced writer says to the anguished novice: 'Just do it; get something, anything, on to the screen or page, just establish a flow of words, and criticise them later.' You give this advice but can't always take it.
Fear of commitment lies behind the fear of writing.
You can control and censor a child's reading, but you can't control her interpretations; no one can guess how a message that to adults seems banal or ridiculous or outmoded will alter itself and evolve inside the darkness of a child's heart.
Like many people, I am addicted to the physical act of reading.
Fiction leaves us so much work to do, allows the individual so much input; you have to see, you have to hear, you have to taste the madeleine, and while you are seemingly passive in your chair, you have to travel.
But an experienced reader is also a self-aware and critical reader. I can't remember ever reading a story without judging it.
Novels teach you that actions have consequences. They help you grow up.
I once dreamed a whole short story. Wrapped in its peculiar atmosphere, as if draped in clouds, I walked entranced to my desk at about 4 A.M. and typed it on to the screen.
There are plenty of books that tell you how to become a writer, but not one that suggests how, if you want a normal life, you might reverse the process.
Writers do not want to think they are less rational than other people, and at the mercy of compulsions, but in their hearts they know they are like those people who are taken for walks by their dogs, towed through hedges and ditches by an untrained sub-human energy.
Life being so short, and the possible books to write so many, it's good to function by night as well as by day; but would anybody become a writer if they realised at the outset what the working hours were?
Novelists, it seems to me, are the very last people who should be asked to comment on the news of the day, and sooner or later, when they have been pilloried for their views, most of them recognise this.
For many imaginative writers, working for the press is a fact of their life. But it's best not to like it too much.
Fiction isn't made by scraping the bones of topicality for the last shreds and sinews, to be processed into mechanically recovered prose. Like journalism, it deals in ideas as well as facts, but also in metaphors, symbols and myths.
Insights don't usually arrive at my desk, but go into notebooks when I'm on the move. Or half-asleep.
A novel should be a book of questions, not a book of answers.
In my 20s I was in constant pain from undiagnosed endometriosis. With no prospect of a cure, I decided I needed a career - writing - that could accommodate being ill.
