English,Novelist
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost.
Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.
So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their ending!
The wide world is all about you: you can fence yourselves in, but you cannot forever fence it out.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
Myth and fairy-story must, as all art, reflect and contain in solution elements of moral and religious truth (or error), but not explicit, not in the known form of the primary 'real' world.
Short cuts make long delays.
A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have.
If you really want to know what Middle-earth is based on, it's my wonder and delight in the earth as it is, particularly the natural earth.
A pen is to me as a beak is to a hen.
I should like to save the Shire, if I could - though there have been times when I thought the inhabitants too stupid and dull for words, and have felt that an earthquake or an invasion of dragons might be good for them.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
'I wish life was not so short,' he thought. 'Languages take such a time, and so do all the things one wants to know about.'
I don't like allegories.
Do not meddle in the affairs of Wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Go not to the Elves for counsel, for they will say both no and yes.
It may be the part of a friend to rebuke a friend's folly.
I never liked Hans Christian Andersen because I knew he was always getting at me.
Middle English is an exciting field - almost uncharted, I begin to think, because as soon as one turns detailed personal attention on to any little corner of it, the received notions and ideas seem to crumple up and fall to pieces - as far as language goes, at any rate.
