English,Actor
I think the level of devotion some sci-fi fans display turns other people off.
I was convinced that I was going to be onstage for the rest of my life.
There wasn't very much going on in London about five years ago, and I just took a ticket on spec and went to Los Angeles. I think it was in my second week that I auditioned for 'Battlestar.'
On a personal note, myself, I find religion - I can understand it, I can understand why we have it, as a kind of force on the planet. And I also at the same time think it's ludicrous.
You don't want to diminish anybody's pain and suffering.
I went to study English for two reasons. Principally because when I was in university, studying drama wasn't considered an option. You couldn't get a degree course for it. And so many plays and things that I was interested in landed themselves in a broader spectrum of literature.
When I was at drama school in the U.K., I was there for two and a half years, and we did one week of television and film. It's right before you leave. It's like, 'We've taught you Chekhov and Shakespeare; you are likely to be in a washing-up soap-liquid commercial.'
I think that there should be a Gaius Baltar Award for Moral Cowardice given out to people every year.
My Latin education teaches me that religion comes from religio, which means, 'to bind.' To bind with rope. And that's all it means. So whenever I hear somebody go, 'I feel so religious right now!' I'm like, 'Well, you're tying yourself up in knots, are you?'
Jane Austen is very amusing.
One of my kids keeps on saying that he wants to be a paleontologist, but first he wants to make a time machine, so he can go back and save the dinosaurs.
You're always concerned for your character. You should be.
When somebody says, 'Action,' I act. When they say, 'Cut,' that's my job. I've done it.
Jokes are very curious things psychologically.
You can go lots of places as Gaius Baltar that other people aren't allowed to pursue.
Anybody who has political ambition has an Achilles heel.
My first show, in England, was called 'Soldier, Soldier.'
