English,Actor
'Upside Down' is a fantasy love story. It's about love at first sight - when you just fall in love instantly and will battle any obstacle to be with that girl.
As you wake up to sort of Morocco coming to life, and you drive a two hour journey through the desert as the sun is rising over the sand dunes... I saw landscapes and visual stuff that I'll never forget. It was special.
Love is such a powerful subject matter because it comes in so many different shapes and sizes. It's about timing, fate, failure, redemption.
You just try and do as much variation and as much difference and as much as possible, so you put yourself out there to try anything, really. As long as you feel you're going to get something out of the experience, it's all worth it.
I moved to Manchester to join a band and ended up getting into acting, and I moved back to London to become an actor and ended up joining a band.
Definitely River Phoenix is somebody that I thought, 'This guy is very cool.' I wanted to be like him when I was a kid.
It's always interesting to me to tell stories that come from difficult political climates.
The films that I really liked and the ones that really blew my mind when I was younger were independent films. They're like great records to me.
I'm not an outdoors person by instinct or nature. I'm more of a city person.
British actors come at acting from a slightly different angle. Because a lot of the films are cast out there, they are so used to the angle from which the Americans, and certainly the young guys from L.A., are coming at it, that I think it's interesting for them to find these English actors who maybe approach acting from a different place.
I never met Paul McCartney.
In the world of independent filmmaking, you're never quite sure what's happening when and where.
Sometimes you read a script, and you just think, 'Wow, I would love to go and tell that story, and I don't even care what happens to the film, I would just love that experience.' And often, that mentality makes a great film.
You find most of the interesting stories are the ones that are slightly harder to get made.
When you meet somebody and you have an instant connection - why is that? Maybe you've met before? Maybe you've met in another life? Anything's possible.
It kind of sounds pretentious, but a film I find deeply romantic is 'Buffalo '66,' which is a film by Vincent Gallo. It's about how you break down all those barriers and expose yourself and open yourself up to ultimately being hurt.
I've probably written about three albums that no one will ever hear.
I'm drawn to cinema, especially when you're on a project that feels like it's going to be a challenge.
I could see when I was filming '21' that it was going to go a direction I wasn't comfortable with it going.
You finish a project and start looking for something that might interest you. A lot of the films I've made are a reaction to something I've done right before.
Come on, you can't do a film about an upside-down world and not have an upside-down kiss!
It was when '21' came out. I was in Los Angeles and my face was everywhere: on buses, on posters, on the side of buildings. I didn't feel that blown away by it. I was still hungry to prove myself. I realised that quite quickly, that I had to find something that challenged me from an acting point of view.
Certainly after '21' I was getting the opportunity to make a lot of money.
I didn't want the words 'Spider-Man' attached to my name in any shape or form. Especially a singing one.
After 'The Way Back,' which was so epic and so rich, it was like, 'What will I do now?'
I'd always been quite wary of doing a romantic comedy. They all seem the same to me.
