English,Musician
I have one message for young musicians around the world: Stay true to your heart, believe in yourself, and work hard.
I love songs that have a rocking and grooving feeling.
A lot of times when you're young and carefree, you don't realize, when you tip over the edge, how difficult it is to climb back in.
To be on the road, even if you're not that happy, is all right, as long as I'm pourin' me heart into it.
I don't think you can live as long as I have in rock n' roll and not take a few hard knocks.
If you're going to have a cabin fever, have a big cabin, you know.
I have always been a sucker for ballads, but you have to be careful these days, you can't overload people.
Europe is usually where I am usually galloping around.
I've been touring now since about '68.
I was in Germany when the wall came down.
Unfortunately I was in New York when 9/11 happened.
The world is a tougher place to live in than it was back then, as we come into the computer age.
Back then, I, most rockers loved Chuck Berry, Little Richard, Jerry Lee Lewis... you know in the '60s.
I had a job when I was 16 at a gas fitter, which was a bit like a pipe fitter.
It's interesting, as I said on the last tour in America, the audience actually came out, they had to have been the kind of fans who listened to my music via their parents, you know what I mean?
Some of the songs I do once in a while that I kinda... my set list is basically like my hits, there is a good reason why they are there; people really like them.
I have sung to large crowds since then, and there is a feeling that once you get over 100,000 people, you kind of lose the control element, you don't know if you are really getting through or not.
Once you get into entertaining a quarter of a million people, it's a very weird place to be.
Over the years, I've worked with just about everybody.
I would like to be able to do a song with Ray Charles, before we both get too old.
Don't go on American Idol, I think you'll spend the rest of your life living it down and I think it's getting kinda scary, isn't it?
God, I'm just a fat bald guy, 60 years old, singing the blues, you know?
It's nice to get a response from the artists that I cover.
Well, over the years, I've developed a stable of songs of which I'm known for and never get tired of singing.
For me, the focus are songs, which really get the audience moving.
Yeah, one of the main ways is for songs that make me want to move.
