English,Poet
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness.
Love is my religion - I could die for it.
Scenery is fine - but human nature is finer.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.
'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
Now a soft kiss - Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss.
The poetry of the earth is never dead.
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections, and the truth of imagination.
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.
It appears to me that almost any man may like the spider spin from his own inwards his own airy citadel.
You are always new, the last of your kisses was ever the sweetest.
My imagination is a monastery and I am its monk.
There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of new heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in rubbish.
The only means of strengthening one's intellect is to make up one's mind about nothing, to let the mind be a thoroughfare for all thoughts.
Here lies one whose name was writ in water.
Praise or blame has but a momentary effect on the man whose love of beauty in the abstract makes him a severe critic on his own works.
You speak of Lord Byron and me; there is this great difference between us. He describes what he sees I describe what I imagine. Mine is the hardest task.
Land and sea, weakness and decline are great separators, but death is the great divorcer for ever.
There is not a fiercer hell than the failure in a great object.
I have been astonished that men could die martyrs for religion - I have shuddered at it. I shudder no more - I could be martyred for my religion - Love is my religion - I could die for that.
He ne'er is crowned with immortality Who fears to follow where airy voices lead.
Much have I traveled in the realms of gold, and many goodly states and kingdoms seen.
Poetry should... should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance.
There is nothing stable in the world; uproar's your only music.
