English,Clergyman
Nothing is more prominently brought forward in the New Testament than the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Nationalism - in other words, the dividing of the church into bodies - consisting of such and such a nation, is a novelty, not above three centuries old, although many dear children of God are found dwelling in it.
I go farther, and say, that it is plainly our duty to desire pastors and teachers to take the care of such congregations, and that God did raise up such in the church as we see it in the word.
The presence of the Holy Spirit is the keystone of all our hopes.
During my solitude, conflicting thoughts increased; but much exercise of soul had the effect of causing the scriptures to gain complete ascendancy over me.
The Reformation did not directly touch the question of the true character of God's church.
Among the children of God, it was they who were most able to rightly divide the word of truth.
I had always owned them to be the Word of God... the careful reading of the Acts afforded me a practical picture of the early church; which made me feel deeply the contrast with its actual present state; though still, as ever beloved by God.
God is sufficient in all ages for His church.
I held apostolic succession fully, and the channels of grace to be there only.
Christ preferred the poor; ever since I have been converted so have I.
Let those who like society better have it.
After deep exercise of soul I was brought by grace to feel I could entirely.
But the more we search the Scriptures, the more we perceive, in this doctrine, the fundamental truth of the gospel - that truth which gives to redemption its character, and to all other truths their real power.
I can say, Christ has been my only object; thank God, my righteousness too... Hold fast to Christ.
The cross is the centre of all this in every respect.
The Epistle is a correction of profession without life, and most valuable in this respect.
Jude has a very different character. It is not the cradle of Christianity, or of the assembly on earth: it is its decay and its death here below. It does not keep its first estate.
Some respected and beloved brethren insist that the forming and organising of churches is, according to God's will, the only means of finding blessing in the midst of that confusion which is acknowledged to exist.
It is the desire of our hearts, and as we believe God's will under this dispensation, that all the children of God should be gathered together as such, and, consequently, as not of the world.
The salvation of the elect was as certain before His advent, though accomplished by it, as afterwards.
By one Spirit we are all baptised into one body.
This truth of the gathering together of God's children is in Scripture seen realised in various localities, and in each central locality the Christians resident therein composed but one body: Scripture is perfectly clear on that head.
Every Christian will allow that sin is an evil, and that it is our duty not to commit sin.
If real churches exist, such persons are not called on to make them.
Obedience to the word in humility of mind never confuses.
