English,Actress
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Behaving like a princess is work. It's not just about looking beautiful or wearing a crown. It's more about how you are inside.
I think every young girl at some point in her early life wonders what it's like to be a princess. They like the idea of dressing up and the fun of it.
When one door closes, another window opens.
Like most girls, I fantasized about being some sort of a princess.
Sometimes opportunities float right past your nose. Work hard, apply yourself, and be ready. When an opportunity comes you can grab it.
Sometimes I'm so sweet even I can't stand it.
Some people regard discipline as a chore. For me, it is a kind of order that sets me free to fly.
Who could have imagined that life would have taken such marvelous twists and turns or that I would often be so fortunate to be in the right place at the right time?
I have been called a nun with a switchblade where my privacy is concerned. I think there's a point where one says, that's for family, that's for me.
By nature, I really am a fairly bouncy and sunny individual.
Whenever I think of my birthplace, Walton-on-Thames, my reference first and foremost is the river. I love the smell of the river; love its history, its gentleness. I was aware of its presence from my earliest years. Its majesty centered me, calmed me, was a solace to a certain extent.
The thrill of being in front of a camera remains exactly the same.
I am an optimistic lady.
I think I'm just proudest to be the lady who was asked to play Mary Poppins. She's such a wonderful character, and there's so much tremendous talent out there. So I feel very lucky to be the one who got to play her.
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
I come from a long line of below-stairs maids and gardeners. Good ol' peasant stock. My mother and her sister made a quantum leap out of that life. Then I made another quantum leap.
I think birth and motherhood are not things that you're trained to do. You might have a good example in your own mum, but nobody teaches you how to be a really great mum.
I play with my grandchildren. I tend to my garden, which I love. Of course, I love to read, and family is really what it's all about.
And I think as long as a song has beautiful lyrics, I'm so happy.
The loveliest roles, for me, have a growth arc - a beginning, a middle, and an end - and I'm always grateful when I can find one of those emotional journeys.
How dare one act like a diva when you have a lot of work to do and you need to find your disciplines and so on?
You never start out being a star.
Programs that bring the arts to young kids are always the first to be cut. It's mind-boggling to me.
I would be a fool to deny my own abilities.
On the whole, I think women wear too much and are to fussy. You can't see the person for all the clutter.
Garry Marshall is a joy. I feel so utterly safe in his hands.
I hate the word wholesome.
I have always wished I could learn to be a potter. I love collecting ceramics; it would be so fulfilling to create something lovely.
I love singing, and I came to absolutely adore it in the later part of my career.
I thought it was all a flash in the pan. It wasn't until Broadway came along that I felt I had really made it.
I've got a good right hook.
I adored my birth father and constantly worried that I was being disloyal to him and his schoolteacher roots if I spent too much time performing and enjoying it.
I am a liberated woman. And I do believe if a woman does equal work she should be paid equal money. But personally I am feminine and I do like male authority to lean on.
I don't think today's younger audience... would even know what 1920s musicals were like.
I don't want to be thought of as wholesome.
Singing has never been particularly easy for me.
A lot of my life happened in great, wonderful bursts of good fortune, and then I would race to be worthy of it.
I don't think I have the image that say, Judy Garland has, or Bette Davis.
As a rule, my focus is on classical music, but I love jazz. I love everything, actually.
I think that the best way to explain that is that my mother gave me all the color and character and flare and liveliness, and my father gave me all the sanity and nature and all the things that helped me be a more rounded human being.
I was named after my two grandmothers - Julia Elizabeth.
I am told that the first comprehensible word I uttered as a child was 'home.'
Almost every morning when I go to the studio to work, I discover a fresh rose in the bud vase on my dressing table... one living and vital thing in a dusty arena of powder and tissue and matches and greasepaint.
A lot of films seem to go to the lowest common denominator.
My voice needed oiling, and then it took off.
I had a teacher who stressed for me the importance of diction in terms of... I want to be very careful about how I say this... in terms of supporting one's voice when one is singing. In other words, if you hold on to your words, your voice will pull through for you when you're singing. So be true to your vowels.
I was working from a very early age.
I'm the lucky lady that was asked to be in those wonderful iconic pieces.
Who would have thought that a story about a professor of phonetics would result in it being probably one of the great shows ever for musical theatre? It's a seemingly odd subject.
I'd say just go with the flow. And I take my hat off to any mother out there who works full-time and raises a family as well. It's hard work.
Actually, what I did, because I couldn't make sense of it, and I have to have lyrics that make sense, I decided the best way to sing 'I Have Confidence' was to go completely nuts with panic and fear.
If you've been fortunate enough to do a film that appeals to the entire family, that's the audience that's probably going to come back to you in something else.
I think any director is intimidating.
I had a lot of learning on my feet.
You're always changing your thoughts about things.
I've long wanted to introduce children to the wonder of the arts.
Our first visit to the Creature Shop is one of the days I will never, ever forget. There was just so much to see and admire and be gobsmacked by.
You take any job that comes along, and if you're really lucky, the movie takes off.
One of our books has been made into a musical, 'The Great American Mousical,' which I directed at the Goodspeed Opera House in Connecticut. And another, 'Simeon's Gift,' has been adapted for a symphony orchestra and five performers. I'm also a very proud member of the board of the Los Angeles Philharmonic.
I had no education whatsoever, and my mother said, 'Oh, you'll get a much better education in life.' I did to some extent, though I always wish I could have tried it.
Some of my own books are being developed - one as a Broadway musical.
I was a very sad little girl.
I was always told I was not pretty enough.
There is one thing I should say, and it's important: Young Broadway singers and anybody who is an orator of any kind - lawyers who have to speak in court or pastors or anyone who has a lot of stress on their vocal cords: You should do the maintenance. You should do whatever it takes to feel fresh and good.
I like - I actually love classical music very much.
I'm not very good with rap and things like that.
I miss singing with an orchestra because that's the most uplifting thing that I ever knew. It is just such a fabulous feeling.
'Simeon's Gift' is really - it's about a musician who - in the Middle Ages, who goes out to find his muse.
I'm beginning to think that I like the behind-the-scenes work as much as I do in front of the camera as I get a little bit older.
My parents were in Vaudeville, in musical. And I would tour with them and had a couple of wonderfully lucky breaks in England.
I am thrilled to be dame. It's one of those - the fact that you have been honored by your country is what it's all about, and it just feels good right there.
Let me put it this way: I can sing a hell of an 'Old Man River,' way down in the bass.
Did you ever notice the color of Mary Poppins' petticoats? They were kind of orange and apricot and red. I think she had a secret life going on there.
In my life, it would probably be giving birth to my daughter. That probably is the most, the thing that moved me the most, was the most memorable, the most wonderful, the most miraculous. I think a lot of women would probably feel that way, too.
For me, whenever I choose a song to sing, it's about the lyric first.
You'd think, of course, it's about the melody - that's a given. But really, I'm no good at singing a song unless it has a good lyric.
I'm not very good with some of the more modern songs that have an awful lot of 'doo wah wahs,' if you know what I mean, because I can't do anything with them.
Much as I adore the melodies, I choose a song for what it has to say.
In my early years, I was much too ignorant and didn't realize how desperately important it all is, how really important the lyrics are. And for me as a singer, I am a lady who takes the lyrics first.
Growing up in England, of course you do absorb certain ways the royals wave their hands and carry themselves.
I was a child prodigy who had a freak voice of something like four octaves.
I do wish somewhere there was a film of our stage production of 'My Fair Lady.'
I turned down 'The Prime of Miss Jean Brody' with Maggie Smith. I think she got the Academy Award.
My mother and stepfather were in Vaudeville. And my stepfather was an alcoholic. It was a lot of roller coaster times. But it's all I knew. I think they did the best they could under the circumstances, with me and all the family.
I grew up knowing only war, so for me, it was the way things were. It wasn't pleasant by any means.
Truthfully, I mostly can be as private as I want.
I seem to be very busy, and I seem always to be working.
My mother was terribly important to me, and I know how much I yearned for her in my youth, but I don't think I truly trusted her.
I justified working so hard by knowing that I was helping to maintain the roof over our heads.
I'm resilient, and I'm professional.
There are elements of me in the roles I've played in the past. But people forget that Mary Poppins was just a role, too.
I know I probably have a lot of rage in me that I don't show. But I'm not about to wallow in it or reveal it.
I've always seen the cup as half-full.
I didn't know other children from divorced families, and I was a bit of a lost soul for a while. Then suddenly, I was performing. And it gave me an identity.
Actually, I had a lot of good people with me - my mother's sister did a lot of taking care of me, and I suppose I got more attention than my stepbrothers because at least I got to travel with my parents.
I do not knock 'Poppins' or 'The Sound of Music.' They gave me pleasure, and I know they've given a lot of people enormous pleasure.
More than anything, the arts are the best teaching tool.
I do get a lot of gifts. I get a lot of things to sign, too. People do collect the memorabilia. Between 'Poppins' and 'The Sound of Music,' there were beautiful plates that they made, and I've signed a lot of them.
Singing has been a cherished gift, and my inability to sing has been a devastating blow.
Marriage is the hardest work you're ever going to do.
I've made my pact with the Lord for the next lifetime. I would love to be a first-class musician. A super one.
I love that President and Mrs. Obama are embracing the arts. I am so delighted.
There's nothing like the joy of the arts, and promoting the arts early in children is going to give them such a start in life in a way.
You can't bring the arts too soon to kids.
The arts need funding.
When you are traveling in vaudeville, you experience so many different kinds of audiences, depending on what time of the week it is, how long the pubs have been open, and things like that.
I had toured around England endlessly throughout my teens, but when I came to the U.S. to perform on Broadway, that was a huge step.
Every time I go out to perform, believe me. You never lose that fear of, 'I hope I do it right. I hope I don't fall flat on my face. I hope this will be good for them.'
Touring itself - and I was very young, and a lot of it I did by myself - it's lonely, but it does give you some kind of spine, I think. It does give you some kind of grit.
I'd love to have a really flourishing vegetable garden, and I'd love to have a better area for a rose garden or a cutting garden, but I don't. You have to develop a garden in the way that it's meant to be developed.
I've always admired gardens. My father was a great nature lover and would always take me for walks. We lived not too far away from huge rhododendron estates and azalea estates, and when they're in bloom in England, they're just riotous.
