English,Royalty
Addiction is a hugely complex and destructive disease, and its impact can be simply devastating. All too often, lives and families can be shattered by it.
A child's mental health is just as important as their physical health and deserves the same quality of support.
Yes, well I really hope I can make a difference, even in the smallest way. I am looking forward to helping as much as I can.
Well I think if you really go out with someone for quite a long time you do get to know each other very, very well, you go through the good times, you go through the bad times. You know both personally, but also within a relationship as well.
No one would feel embarrassed about seeking help for a child if they broke their arm - and we really should be equally ready to support a child coping with emotional difficulties.
With the right help, children have a good chance of overcoming their issues while they are still young and can have the bright future they deserve.
Some children are tackling tough times without the support that can help them because the adults in their life are scared to ask.
The challenge that so many people have is not knowing how to take that first step of reaching out to another person for help.
I feel very, very lucky that George has got a little sister.
I'm still very much Kate.
Change the way we all talk to each other about our mental health.
Together with open conversations and greater understanding, we can ensure that attitudes for mental health change and children receive the support they deserve.
We need to help young people and their parents understand that it's not a sign of weakness to ask for help.
I was lucky. My parents and teachers provided me with a wonderful and secure childhood where I always knew I was loved, valued, and listened to.
Throughout my work with family and child support organizations, one thing that has stood out to me time and again is that getting early support for a child who is struggling to cope is the best possible thing we can do to help our children as they grow up.
By far the best dressing up outfit I ever had was a wonderful pair of clown dungarees, which my Granny made.
I hope we will be able to have a happy family ourselves.
I was quite nervous about meeting William's father, but he was very, very welcoming, very friendly, it couldn't have gone easier really for me.
Since beginning my work in areas like addiction, for example, I have seen time and time again that the roots of poor mental health in adulthood are almost always present in unresolved childhood challenges.
We have seen that two heads are better than one when dealing with a mental health problem.
Everyone teases me in the family that I spend far too long chatting. So I think I've still got to learn a little bit more and to pick up a few more tips, I suppose.
No parent would fail to call the doctor if their child developed a fever.
All of us know someone who has been through difficult emotional times, and we know how hard it can be to see a way forward.
I have learned that delivering the best possible palliative care to children is vital, providing children and their families with a place of support, care and enhancement at a time of great need is simply life-changing.
I often get asked why I decided to spend time highlighting the mental health of children.
It is our duty, as parents and as teachers, to give all children the space to build their emotional strength and provide a strong foundation for their future.
