English,Model
I'm happier on the runway than I am on the red carpet. Because then I am not being myself. I think, on the red carpet, it's a weird, like, 'Who am I? Am I me? Am I them?'
Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels.
You can be a pretty face, but if you're not a nice person, it just doesn't work. I'm not traditionally a beauty, but apparently people think I'm all right. If you're a nice person, it definitely helps.
I love the Sixties with Julie Christie and Jane Birkin - those natural English beauties. That's the look that is most me, when I wore the tight-to-the knee dresses. I don't think I bleached my hair until I was 20. I like experimenting for big occasions, though. You've always got to do a bit of a number for the birthday!
People think your success is just a matter of having a pretty face. But it's easy to be chewed up and spat out. You've got to stay ahead of the game to be able to stay in it.
Now I'm being blamed not only for anorexia but for lung cancer. - On being a social smoker.
I started going back and forth, New York, London, New York, London. I wasn't looking back at all. I was doing tons of jobs. Working, working, working, working.
My favourite flowers are English country roses - I had a bouquet of them for my wedding.
I'm not really a fashion designer. I just love clothes. I've never been to design school. I can't sketch. I can't cut patterns and things. I can shorten things. I can make a dress out of a scarf.
What people say isn't going to stop me. I have to do things for myself.
It sounds really corny but I think that if you're beautiful inside it shows on the outside, for sure.
Modeling is a job. Even my mum doesn't believe that I do work hard.
People don't hear me talk. They don't expect me to.
I'll never forget that show season. It was completely mad. I was staying between Christy and Naomi's rooms and it was all limos and the Ritz Hotel and all that kind of business.
Then finally I said, 'Okay, well, I want to know all the details. I want creative input. I want to be consulted. I want to know what they're doing and who's involved. And I want to see the space.' So they took me to see it, and then I realized it was major! All these red flags on the Rue de Rivoli with my name on them right by the Louvre!
My daughter, Lila, is my style critic. She'll say, 'No, Mummy, you can't wear that.' She's very good. I do trust her instinct.
I am so romantic about Gypsies. They're not allowed to do anything until they get married. So they all get married really young, at sixteen.
I wasn't the prettiest girl in class. No breasts, short legs, gangly teeth. I didn't think I was model material, that's for sure.
Even if I wore a hat and a wig, you can always tell it's me.
Just to go into a shop without getting stared at would be nice. I mean, I don't walk around like, 'Oh, I'm trying to be famous' - I try to lead as normal a life as possible - but sometimes it's annoying. It's fine; it's not a massive problem, but sometimes it's just a bit uncomfortable.
There's nobody that's ever really been able to take care of me. Johnny did for a bit. I believed what he said. Like if I said, 'What do I do?' he'd tell me. And that's what I missed when I left. I really lost that gauge of somebody I could trust.
I like a scarf with a shirt; it throws it off a bit.
I don't mind a bikini bottom.
I would have wanted to be a rock star, a lead singer, if I wasn't a model. I'd go touring in a bus with my band. In my next life, that's the plan.
It's a sin to be tired.
I have a dress-up chest at home. I love to create this fantasy kind of thing.
Going to the gym wouldn't be on my list of favorite things to do.
When people see an actor speak, they think they know him or her, whereas I'm just a face or a body to them.
There's always a dinner to go to. There're always loads of people around. I was having fun working with my friends. For a while it all just kind of rolled together in a great way.
There was a point when it all really took off and got quite overwhelming, even though I didn't realize it.
The first time I went to Johnny Depp's house in LA is when I realized what I was getting myself into. I knew he was famous, but I didn't really know what that entailed.
Now I can walk into a room full of people I don't know and do my job. That's quite a massive thing to learn, I think.
It is quite amazing what I didn't feel after a while. I didn't really want to feel things.
I'd go on the train to castings, changing from my school uniform on the train. I carried on like that for a few years, getting jobs in bits and pieces.
I was really nervous, intimidated by the whole thing-all the people and all the buzzing, and all the sitting around waiting. I felt really small in this huge place.
I was definitely living fast. I was working, traveling a lot, playing. I didn't stop. It all became unbalanced.
I was amazed at the support that I got when I was in there. And when I came out people knew that I was back on track. I was interested in working again.
I was a scapegoat. The media had to put responsibility on somebody, and I was chosen. They felt free to say that because someone was thin they were anorexic, which is ridiculous.
I was 14 when I started modeling. At the end of that first day my mum said, If you want to do this, you're on your own because I'm not traipsing around London ever again like that. It's a nightmare.
I thought it was quite vain to say, I want to be a model.
I have made some of the best friends that I've got in this business.
I had tried to get focused on other things. But I always ended up back in the same place, and it wasn't making me happy. I needed to get the focus back.
Calvin was very clever. We did the pictures and made the commercial, and that really worked.
All of a sudden to get all of this attention, and to be away from home and working all the time was hard. I was on planes all the time. I didn't see my friends. I cried a lot. It was quite terrifying.
All of a sudden I was living what is perceived to be the model life. It was just full-on, 24 hours a day. It was work all the time. And there's always a party to go to.
Actors do like watching girls parade down the runway for some reason.
Jam! I love my jam. I've just had a batch of it come through, I've been making it.
Yeah, I like clothes, but I hardly ever go shopping. Hardly ever!
I am not a fashion freak!
I edit things down, and I've got a massive dressing room in the country, and so all the things I'm not going to wear but don't want to get rid of go there. And all the stuff I want to get rid of goes to Oxfam.
You go to a show, and there's no food at all, so if you're doing shows back to back, you can forget eating. I remember standing up in the bath one day, and there was a mirror in front of me, and I was so thin! I hated it. I never liked being that skinny.
I was never anorexic, so I was never that skinny. I was never bony-bony. But I remember thinking, I don't want to be this skinny.
My daughter Lila loves the smell of gasoline - she always says, 'Mummy, keep the door open,' when I'm filling up the car. I've heard it is one of the most preferred scents in the world - maybe that's something to study for my next fragrance!
Lila can't be a model until she's at least 21. She is already a mini-me - it is scary. She already has her own beauty kit.
Once I was walking from The Mercer in New York - because otherwise I don't walk anywhere - and this woman paparazzo who was following me fell over a fire hydrant and her whole tooth went through her lip. I leant over her, saying, 'Are you all right?' and she was still taking pictures.
I cut up loads. I always want everything shorter, shorter, shorter.
I've got bowlegs, so if I do a midcalf look, I look bandy.
The first time I went to New York, I went with my first boyfriend, Clark. His dad had just bought an apartment in New York, and my dad dropped us off, and we were there for a week on our own. I must have been 15 or 16. I remember I went to Harlem and bought a goose jacket. That was the hip, hot thing.
I lived in New York for seven years, although I was always in denial about it. Even though I had an apartment there, I always pretended I was just visiting. I do love New York. But I'm a Londoner at heart.
Topshop is the only brand I've ever collaborated with on a fashion collection.
I didn't really have a mentor, but I have always definitely been inspired by the '70s - the Stones, Patti Smith, Anita Pallenberg.
I definitely feel more comfortable in my own skin since turning 40.
I hate being interviewed. I'm like, 'Aaaarrgghh!' I don't like talking about myself.
I remember taking my makeup off at a Saint Laurent shoot, and I was dragging it across my eye. The makeup artist was like, 'Don't do that to your skin! Don't pull it like that!' And I'm like, 'Really?'
I had a nervous breakdown when I was 17 or 18, when I had to go and work with Marky Mark and Herb Ritts. It didn't feel like me at all. I felt really bad about straddling this buff guy. I didn't like it.
I see a 16-year-old now, and to ask her to take her clothes off would feel really weird. But they were like, 'If you don't do it, then we're not going to book you again.' So I'd lock myself in the toilet and cry and then come out and do it. I never felt very comfortable about it. There's a lot of boobs. I hated my boobs! Because I was flat-chested.
Nobody took you out for lunch when I started. Carla Bruni took me out for lunch once. She was really nice. Otherwise, you don't get fed.
I didn't realize it. It looks like my career happened overnight, but it didn't. I was basically living on my own from when I was 17 on.
I would say I'm self-taught, but Corinne Day made me less conscious of myself. I was 15, and she'd make me take off my top, and I'd cry. After five years, you get used to it, and you're not self-conscious anymore.
I can do a good roast with my eyes closed. I'm amazing with gravy. That's my speciality; even other people ask me to do gravy at their house. I'm very proud of my gravy.
I'm definitely low maintenance, but I do have a lot of massages, and I have this girl who comes to my house to do my nails. My friends will come over ,and we'll all get our nails done or have waxes.
I've got lots of friends who are musicians, so if they ask me to do things, I'll go and do it for a laugh. I don't want to be a pop star or anything like that.
I think women are really good at multitasking. Men just cannot do it.
There are lots of women I look up to, but mentors are someone you talk to and not just admire. A lot of my friends that I trust are my mentors.
That Lana Del Rey is quite cute, isn't she? I quite like her.
I've met lots of interesting people, but Lucian Freud is the one who sticks out because I spent so much time with him. He taught me discipline, which I hadn't been taught properly before. If I was, like, two seconds, late, he would kick off. Once, I was three minutes late, and he went absolutely berserk.
I don't think my daughter wants to see me on the toilet. Lila has seen me nude.
I don't like doing pictures as myself. I like to be made into someone else.
I've met Bob Dylan. We did one of those non-handshake handshakes. I was with all guys, and he shook hands with all of them, and then they said, 'And this is Kate,' and I put my hand out, and he didn't put his out. And then I took my hand away, and he put his out. It was one of those. We finally did shake. And then I fainted!
I was doing shows and flying economy, and nobody ever fed me. Or I'd be staying in hotels so cheap that by the time I'd get in, there wasn't any room service. I didn't eat for a long time. Not on purpose. You'd be on shoots with bad food or get on a plane, and the food would be so disgusting you couldn't eat it.
I worked with Herb Ritts on the Marky Mark shoot, and then Steven Meisel, and then they'd start sending limos for me, and I was like, 'That is so embarrassing. I'm not getting in a stretch limo by myself to go to a shoot.' That whole New York thing of, 'You are fabulous! Turn up to a Meisel shoot in a limo and you're fabulous!'
I was really, really star-struck when I met Prince.
I make jam, and oh my God, it is so delicious.
In my next life, I'm going to be a rock star. I was a ballerina in my last life.
I own a Hangman jumper, which looks like a scarf, but that's what it's called. It cost a fortune, but it was worth it.
I was lucky to be with Johnny... he taught me a lot about fame.
If I'm going to work, I put black jeans on, a T-shirt, a shirt, and a jacket.
At a shoot, I'm really aware of everything. When they do makeup, sometimes I can't see what they're doing, but I can feel it. I know what I look like, even when I can't see what they've done. I know how to compose myself.
I used to be so scared about, 'Oh, I don't want to show my body.' Now that I've shown it, it doesn't bug me about my moles, or 'This isn't big enough' and 'That's not smooth enough.'
I try and be a little bit chic. I wouldn't wear sweatpants. I wouldn't wear a twinset.
With confidence, I think anyone can get a dress and make it their own. I don't think you should have it off the runway and wear it like they want you to wear it. You know, with their hair and makeup - their woman. I just think it's boring. You have to make it your own. That's what fashion is all about.
I'm uncomfortable publicizing myself as a model. I can only say over and over again, 'That's what I do,' and let people make fun of me.
When you're in a relationship with a photographer, and they start abusing that relationship and being like, 'I want you to do this, and I want you to do that,' it makes you go, 'No.' I didn't want to work all the time.
I always take a cashmere blanket, and I have pictures of my family in my passport holder.
I always go to sleep on the plane. Then I try and stay up whenever I get where I'm going to and get straight into the time zone I'm in.
If the plane lost all my luggage, and I was somewhere sunny like Ibiza, I would just get a bikini, shorts, T-shirt, and sandals. If it was somewhere colder like New York, I'd go for jeans, jacket, and a pair of Louboutins.
I have the whole costume from Playboy's sixtieth-anniversary cover shoot.
I always put on Chanel No 5 after I've had a bath or before I go to bed. If I'm going out, I'll layer other fragrances on top.
I have lost a lot of clothes over the years... Probably the oldest garment that I still have would be my Union Jack jacket from John Galliano's spring/summer 1993 show.
I don't go, 'I'm in the papers all the time,' because there are loads of people in the papers all the time. Sometimes I'm still like, 'Ooh, look- there's me!' I'm never like, 'Wow, look at me on the bus.' You have to be a bit grounded about things like that.
I'm still having fun, and I'm doing something and I'm seeing the world! I wasn't massively ambitious, but I did always want to do the best I could do.
Every season, I'm like, 'Who knows if I'm going to get another job?'
I'm always thinking, 'My goodness, I got booked again!' So I am really happy to still be working.
I never did a dirty armpit. You can look dirty, but you can't be dirty.
