English,Actress
So many people say you have to remember to grab hold of your bride or groom and spend time with them. I think if we had done a traditional wedding, we would have been doing it for everyone else, but this was about the two of us.
You've got to be brave.
I remember trying to explain the class system to a Canadian friend when we started at RADA. The funniest thing was when I told her what bonfire night is all about. It's quite dark when you start breaking it down.
I'm quite happy being single.
I've got a great husband who's very good with Orla - she's a real daddy's girl.
We take each week as it comes; we're juggling just like everybody else. It's all about spinning plates.
Don't be fooled. Looks can be deceptive. Like every working mother, I'm paddling away like a duck beneath the water.
I don't do resolutions, as I am a rebel without a cause in that respect - I always break them by the second of Jan.!
I remember, when I was a teenager, 'Pride And Prejudice' came out. We hadn't had a period drama for ages, and were all glued to it, and for the next three years, Jane Austen series were being made.
In the Depression, big musicals made a comeback.
I miss everyone on 'Coronation Street,' but I don't miss playing Becky.
The next series of 'Mr Selfridge' has moved on five years. It's 1914 now, and the war is brewing. Halfway through the series, some of the Selfridges staff have to go off to fight, so they get women in to do the men's jobs.
When I left 'Coronation Street,' I wondered if I could ever be lucky enough to work with such a unanimously wonderful company of good people - and I've just come to that good bunch again.
The RSC changed my career, and 'Coronation Street' changed my life.
I can't imagine soaps will ever stop, because people will always watch as long as they have great stories and characters. But the soaps will have to keep evolving, won't they?
I'm 30; I don't have any commitments, and there are great parts out there that I want to play.
It sounds so boring - and my brothers tease, 'Oh poor you, pulling pretend pints all day' - but it's very, very long hours, and you're knackered when you get home.
My mum and dad's hobby was amateur dramatics.
One of my first memories is running up and down the theatre at Wakefield Opera House.
Whenever there was a show like 'Calamity Jane,' me and my siblings would be plonked on stage in a costume because it was easier to have us in it rather than sort out babysitters.
If I had a penny for every time I've been asked if I'm going to work in America.
I've got a green card, so I can work there any time, but I hate reading about actors going to America, because it's not like that anymore.
I know lots of people who work in the U.S. but don't live there.
I'm delighted to join the cast of 'Field Of Blood: The Dead Hour.'
I'm really looking forward to filming in Glasgow with a top-class cast and crew.
As for getting married, I don't have strong feelings, really - I can take or leave it.
I bought the 'Happy Valley' DVD because Steve Pemberton was in it.
I've got a really good network that includes friends who all had babies within eight weeks of each other, plus my sister, a lovely part-time nanny and a nursery where Orla goes for half days.
You just need a good plan and then a back-up plan!
If you drop a line in the theatre, you can usually find a way round it. But you can't do that as easily on television - you're in the hands of too many people.
I take my hat off to working mums and especially single working mums. I honestly don't know how they do it.
I don't think, as a journalist, I'd ever get a story written. I'd probably spend five years researching it, and by the time I'd finish it, no one would be interested in it anymore.
I'd be a terrible journalist. I wouldn't want to pry; I just don't have that nature.
I couldn't knock on people's door; if they answered the door and said, 'I don't want to speak to you,' I'd be like, 'Oh, OK then - I wouldn't either, to be honest.'
You should see the way I walk around on the way to the nursery. I look a state.
I have been listening to people's advice. Being a parent, you need all the advice you can get.
You can't go back to work unless you have a great support network, whatever that is. My mum and dad, sister, and husband are great.
We have a part-time nanny who does a few afternoons a week. We have a nursery.
I get weepy even watching the news.
I agree with my mother that having children removes a layer of skin that you never grow back.
Becoming a mother has turned my world upside down, but in a really good way - it's the best.
I wouldn't put myself on the same pedestal as Sarah Lancashire.
I don't really get a buzz from playing characters that are similar to me 'cause that's not acting to me.
That's the great thing about 'Corrie': it is an ensemble cast, and it didn't rest on one person's shoulders by any means.
There's no sort of hierarchy at 'Corrie.' The crew get on.
I'm always proud to be in something that's good.
It's lovely being in a hit.
I always took 'Coronation Street' a year at a time anyway. It was the 50th anniversary; I'd been there five years. It just felt right to leave.
Until I'm actually stood on the set doing the job, I always keep my options open.
I always look so different in different roles, people are never quite sure. Which is the way I like it.
Any aspirational job is tough because everyone wants to do it.
It's better to have tried and failed than never tried, you can rest easy knowing you gave it a go.
I have many close male friends.
I really like lads and grew up with two brothers and all of their mates. I'm also close to several actors that I've played opposite.
Maybe having to pretend to be in love with someone and then jump into bed with them breaks the ice very quickly; friendship follows fast.
As an actress, weekends can be spent working, but my husband, Ryan, works regular hours as an analytics manager for L'Oreal.
In the evening, we either go to the cinema or stay in and get a takeaway - my favourites are Chinese or Indian.
On Sunday, we will Skype relatives - my brother lives in America, my best friend is in Canada, and Ryan's family are all in Australia.
Our Sunday evenings tend to be quiet and relaxing, and we try to go to bed early before the start of another busy week.
