English,Model
What I am is how I came out. No one's perfect and you just have to accept your flaws and learn to love yourself.
People think you can't be clever if you have breasts.
I can't promise to love someone for ever. I can't imagine anyone could promise to love me for ever. I mean, it sounds like a lovely day, but I go to red carpet events all the time and I'm the centre of attention so it's not like I'm looking for that!
I'm into wellbeing, not because of social pressures to look a certain way, but because I'm interested in living a long, full and healthy life.
I think TV is all about not turning off the public, it's about not being too sexy, not being too much of anything really.
I think the more mediocre you are the better you do because people need to think you're their friend, they don't want to be threatened by you, you've got to be warm, you've got to be not too smart, not too pretty, not too anything.
I've loved acting and dancing since I was a kid. Before anyone thought I was pretty or before I had a voluptuous figure, that was what I was going to do.
I feel a lot more comfortable on stage in the theatre. It just reminds me of being a kid and doing pantomimes.
In this country we're just obsessed with making people celebrities before they've even done anything, which I think is just shocking.
I don't want to make the same mistakes of being swept along with things, taking on jobs that I'm not passionate about, that I don't really believe in but that everyone says I should do.
I am a light person. I think of myself with a shield, a protective shield around me. And I think of bad things bouncing off it. Boom, boom, boom, ba-boom, ba- boom!
Women in the 1950s were so much sexier. That's what I aspire to look like.
Sex keeps me fit and healthy. What can be better than that? It's not about crazy diets or gym workouts.
It makes my skin crawl to think about the violent ways snakes, lizards, alligators and other exotic creatures are raised and killed for boots, bags and belts.
My mum was never strict. I was allowed to go out to clubs underage, watch TV, listen to whatever music I wanted to, and that made me not rebel. I have never touched a drug in my life.
I regard myself as an actress but, obviously, not in the Dame Judi Dench league. That isn't a problem because I don't think we are ever likely to be up for the same part!
I've always wanted to be independent and answer for myself. That probably is the part of me I would class to be feminist. I'd like to have children; marriage I have a bit of an issue with.
I remember when I got to 16, my mum was like, 'No, now you've got to go and get a proper job. We've indulged you long enough.' I don't think they ever thought I was going to be successful in entertainment at all.
I've always paid my own way, I've never lived off anyone.
