English,Athlete
People always say golfers don't smile. But there is so much psychology in golf so we have to be a bit robotic.
I'm working my way steadily back and I'm feeling good.
Sometimes Americans don't quite get my sense of humor. My good ol' British sarcasm seems to go over their heads.
It's such a psychological and mental game, golf, that the smallest wrong thing at the wrong time can distract you from what you're trying to achieve.
You're the only one in control over your golf ball. It's not like tennis: you're hitting a shot and somebody's hitting it back at you.
I'm a golfer - not an athlete.
You don't win tournaments by playing well and thinking poorly.
Race horses are like golfers, you're never sure how they're going to come out of the stalls. It's just - hopefully the horses come out of the race all right, just fit and ready to go again in the near future, but 3rd was good. It's paid for its hay.
No, I don't have any problems leaving disappointments behind. I've had lots of good days at golf and a few disappointments, so you never know what's around the corner.
The Singapore Open is the flagship event of the Asian Tour, it is a massive event and it is being played in a great place. I love coming here and it is good to be back.
Probably the best caddies are the smartest ones and the ones that are switched on mentally more than some of the others maybe.
In my case what happened next in 1999 was that I fell apart over that back nine. When I saw I was in genuine contention that year I felt like throwing up. That remains probably the most nervous I've ever been on a golf course.
Yeah, I feel good. Good about my game and my life.
I'm heavier, but with muscle rather than flab. It's a massive difference. It means I don't get as tired sometimes and it means that I'm hitting the ball a lot farther, about 15 yards more with my driver.
Eighteen months ago I weighed 95kg and had a 40-inch waist. Now the waist is down to 34 inches and I weigh nearly 98kg.
My dad said: 'It looks like you'll be world No.1 in a few hours and I wanted to be the first to say congratulations.'
I'm the best in the world.
Listen, everything I did in my childhood was competitive. Everything we did my dad made it into a game to win. We used to drive my mum nuts.
The satisfaction you get when you finally beat your dad is amazing, that rush of adrenaline.
The story of the week is you have got to putt well to win the Masters and I haven't putted well.
I never take myself too seriously.
Golf is difficult to get your personality over because you are such a bottle of concentration.
Golf is played between the ears and if you are not 100 percent focused on what you are trying to do, then people will go past you no matter who you are.
People confuse being world No. 1 with winning a Major championship.
Yes, a Major would mean so much to me but I'm a great believer that if you work hard and in the right way, you will get what you deserve.
I'm 37, I'm pretty fit and feel I have another eight years left - which means there's 32 Majors still to go at.
