English,Musician
I hang out with models, the biggest pop stars and, you know, really and honestly, I hate saying this, but none of them are achieving those body shapes by being healthy.
Because of piracy there has been a massive downturn in people buying music, which makes it more difficult for artists to make money from the sale of records.
You have to be in love with yourself before anyone else can fall in love with you; to be happy with yourself.
I refuse to put make-up on just because the paparazzi are on my doorstep. I find it morally wrong.
I'm just not a private person. It's not like I do things because I want things to be public; it's just that's my way of expressing myself, and I happen to be very famous.
I think the whole, like, cultural diversity and the arty side of London is really, really great. And how it's so historic as well.
I don't really see how any song can not feel contrived if it isn't honest, and how could I write honest songs if I don't write about stuff going on in my life and how I'm feeling?
I just felt like I couldn't deal with the everyday responsibilities of life, paying bills and all of that. I'm terrible at all of that. So I knew I had to make enough money to pay someone else to deal with all of that.
But Dad and I are the only father-and-daughter acts who have both had No. 1 songs in England.
I wasn't into anything at school. I used to get really embarrassed. I used to get asked to do performing things, and I'd go to all the rehearsals, and then I'd pretend to be ill on the day I had to actually perform. I was very unhappy at school.
I don't care what people think of me now, so why would I care when I'm dead?
I don't see myself as a role model; people should look to mothers and sisters as role models.
I never go out to be photographed, never. I go to events because they're fun.
Sometimes I wish I was just a girl in an indie band. I could dance around on stage and it wouldn't be so much about me.
I think as long as you're not being malicious and you're not hurting people then you should not be ashamed of what you do.
When a music teacher that I had at school was taken ill and we had a variety show and I had to fill in - that's when I realized I had a voice.
I think of myself as quite a confused kind of person, because I think there's so many great things about the world, but there are so many awful things too. I feel very guilty a lot of the time about enjoying my life so much when there are people living in such misery.
I've always listened to music, since I was really, really young.
Yeah, I was a florist. I went to floristry school.
I studied voice when I was at school, and I was in the chamber choir, and I studied music theory as well, so I guess a lot of it came from being taught at school.
I think I'm like Marmite; you either love me or you hate me.
I'm opinionated, but I'm not a vindictive person and I never say anything unprovoked, either.
I like to be able to get up and go and buy a pint of milk without bumping into 20 people I know.
I love MySpace; it's done an amazing job for me and it's been insane over the past couple of weeks, but I'm not a poster girl for them.
