English,Musician
When I was a kid, my mother used to film all of our holidays and all of the good times, and I kind of associated the camera with everything being okay and everything being happy.
I like a dramatic eye and a bold lip.
I really can't break away from wearing black and leather!
The entire value of a person is subjective to your relationship with them.
I'm sick of running away from things.
I feel like all Londoners relate more to New York - L.A. doesn't feel like a 'city' city. It's like a sleepy town.
Every bad thing that's happened to me has defined me, has shaped, has moulded me.
I always put on a brave face when I was the most terrified, the most trapped and out of control.
I don't really know what 'a dark place' means. I have windows in my house, and I'm generally an upbeat person! A lot of people throw that word at me because I wear a lot of black and leather.
I had been writing songs for other people for a while, and I made a demo and I put it on my Myspace, which Perez Hilton found and blogged about on his site.
Nothing is more important than when you see someone for the first time, and you get that feeling where you can't move or speak or do anything until you know that person and take a sense of who they are with you.
I was born in Bradford, a city in the north of England that God forgot about. A place where most people never leave, but if they do, they certainly never go back.
It's good to actually cry. Trust me, I've had a lot of practice over the years!
I love Audrey Hepburn, early Brooke Shields, and Madonna's eyebrows. I think it's beautiful if women look soft and touchable instead of hard, sharp and aggressively groomed.
I feel like trouble has followed me from the day I was born.
I realized that, all along, my theory was right: Make music that you want to hear, and instead of having fans that one day might criticize or abandon you, your fans aren't even fans. They're people with tastes similar to yours. They're friends you haven't met yet.
Artists are definitely, like, under a sort of microscope of scrutiny more than others.
I didn't really like being on television at all.
My dad went to jail for a long time. We lost everything, and the situation never resolved itself. My parents had this sort of passionate, disastrous desire for each other - not ideal to grow up in.
I will never censor myself to please anyone.
Guess what, I'm the opposite of a role model!
I definitely like performing to a crowd that's there to see a female hero.
All the best parts of art come from pain turned to celebration.
I definitely feel excited to be able to put really hard beats - like hip-hop beats - behind my music, more than I did before.
My grandma told me never, ever, ever to use soap on my face. But I do use lotion.
The worst mistake a woman can make is to emulate a man.
