English,Poet
At high school, instead of the weekly essay, I would write a poem, and the teacher accepted that. The impulse was one of laziness, I'm certain. Poems were shorter than essays.
Frost isn't exactly despised but not enough people have worked out what a brilliant poet he was.
I do believe that we've a responsibility to try to acknowledge the range, both geographic and graphic, of what's happening in poetry in English. I'm interested in poems that are first-rate. After that, I'm not too concerned if they come from Queens or Queensland.
I suppose for whatever reason I actively welcome being put down, something which perhaps goes back to my upbringing - that accusation of not being worthy which could be laid at one's door.
For whatever reason, people, including very well-educated people or people otherwise interested in reading, do not read poetry.
I believe that these devices like repetition and rhyme are not artificial, that they're not imposed, somehow, on the language.
I certainly am interested in accessibility, clarity, and immediacy.
I do a lot of readings.
I live in New Jersey now, which always gets a bad rap here and there, but I must say, I enjoy living here too.
I was born in Northern Ireland in 1951. I lived most of my life there until 1986 or 1987.
I'm sure 50 percent of television ads use rhyme.
It seems to me the structure of the Quartets is too imposed.
Living at that pitch, on that edge, is something which many poets engage in to some extent.
Obviously one of the things that poets from Northern Ireland and beyond - had to try to make sense of was what was happening on a day-to-day political level.
Of course, you can't legislate for how people are going to read.
On the other hand, at some level the mass of unresolved issues in Northern Ireland does influence the fact that there are so many good writers in the place.
One will never again look at a birch tree, after the Robert Frost poem, in exactly the same way.
That's one of the great things about poetry; one realises that one does one's little turn - that you're just part of the great crop, as it were.
The ground swell is what's going to sink you as well as being what buoys you up. These are cliches also, of course, and I'm sometimes interested in how much one can get away with.
The other side of it is that, despite all that, people reach out to poetry at the key moments in their lives.
We simply have not kept in touch with poetry.
What I try to do is to go into a poem - and one writes them, of course, poem by poem - to go into each poem, first of all without having any sense whatsoever of where it's going to end up.
Words want to find chimes with each other, things want to connect.
Your average pop song or film is a very sophisticated item, with very sophisticated ways of listening and viewing that we have not really consciously developed over the years - because we were having such a good time.
I read a lot of nineteenth-century French poetry. And Irish poetry from the ninth century on.
I met Seamus Heaney and Michael Longley on the same day in 1968. I was sixteen at the time. Very exciting. They were reading at Armagh. One of my teachers brought me to meet them, introduced me, and I became friends with them.
