English,Musician
When you DJ, you're just on your own, which is nice because there's no argument.
I must confess that over my career, I've actually downplayed the importance of DJs. It's such a different art form. Then all of a sudden you try it, and you think, 'Good God, these guys do work.' I used to be very cynical and very blase about it. I can only apologize.
I'm not a good flyer. Because I do it so much, I think the odds of something going wrong are not in my favour.
It's the same misconception I used to have. I meet people and think they're millionaires and they're not.
What I've learned is that life is a balance between idealism and realism.
There are keyboard terrorists everywhere who hide behind a veil of anonymity to pursue their vicious slanders.
Dance music tends to be a solitary affair.
It's quite ironic I suppose, it's that thing about being in a group when you all start out as friends and then invariably end up hating each other. So I just thought they needed telling really, in case they were labouring under the apprehension that they were still friends.
The chemistry involved made everything Factory did quite special.
Any coalition, especially where one party is more powerful than the other, it's always bound to have a pecking order.
The fact is that you don't want to be away forever, but you want to lead a normal life.
I think that you have to bear in mind that music is about escape, and it's not unreasonable to think the music business would be based around escapism.
My mother used to always say to me, 'Do naught, get naught.' It's an adage that I hold by. If you don't do anything, you can't really expect anything.
'Love Will Tear Us Apart' is very simply written.
I've stayed in hotels where you were scared to even put your feet on the floor, or had to sleep in a chair.
Madonna's like a black widow spider. She tends to use people, then they shrivel up and disappear.
You look at 30 Seconds to Mars, and you don't think, 'Ooh, I bet they're angry.' No one really does anger these days. I suppose it's a turn-off.
The worst words I could ever hear as a bass player was, 'Can you play the root notes?'
You can't buy class.
I think people expect mud at festivals, I think you'd be asking for your money back if you didn't get it.
Sarcasm is a Manchester trait.
That's it really, at the moment I wouldn't say I was influenced by any one thing in particular.
And they do tend to be fast and up, because that's how I like to drive.
But then I quite enjoy when something goes wrong, because when I watch DJs that take it very seriously, it's nice when you make a mistake and laugh about it.
I'd rather have ten people who are mad for it than ten thousand who aren't.
Actually when we stopped New Order I was busier than ever. The only gaps have been while we've been writing.
I look back on Joy Division very fondly indeed. I know that, of course, the band came to a tragic end, but that does not change the fact that Joy Division was a great band to be a part of.
I am man enough to be able to admit my own mistakes. I think that is an important trait to have.
It's really nice to be able to do what I'm doing without having to compromise with another musician.
The reason Joy Division and New Order are as influential and successful as they are is because of the unique playing of all the individuals.
Knowing very little about a band only adds to the allure.
I've never been out of work in my whole life.
The rise of the iPod meant that digital music became the norm, It's sad, but you can still find the real stuff out there if you look for it!
I have a hard time getting my head around the idea of playing 'The Perfect Kiss' in my 50s. I can't quite get there.
When you've travelled for 34 years as a musician, you do all the culture stuff when you're young and full of energy. In the middle stage, you indulge too much and are scared of daylight. Then, in the final stage, you've seen it all, so you tend to take things a lot easier.
At my age, I only travel business class because I just don't bend anymore; my body can't cope with it.
I just like keeping busy and having ten things on the go.
I play a lot of hard, uncompromising dance music; it can be anything from dance to rock to reggae.
Originally, I didn't play any New Order when I deejayed. I suppose it comes from being a little embarrassed or humble or whatever. But people were coming to see me because of New Order, so in the end, I had to realize that if they were using my name on the poster, then maybe I should play some of the music.
You don't get many chances in the world, and you don't want to throw them away.
It was nice doing my own Joy Division book to be able to put forward the fact that Ian was actually quite a nice guy and very hardworking, ambitious and loyal. But the thing was, he was battling such a dreadful illness in an era when they really didn't know how to treat it.
Most people have just heard Joy Division on record. And Joy Division on record was completely different than it was live.
New Order never celebrated anything to do with Joy Division.
I've been very grateful and humbled by the fact that young people really dig Joy Division's music. It's a great testament to the chemistry and the songwriting prowess between the four original members.
'Unknown Pleasures' is a very important record for me. It was the first LP that I recorded.
I was reading an article about Kings of Leon's bass player, who said that he was directly influenced by Joy Division and by me. I was like, 'Woah!' It surprised me. It's a great compliment.
What was punk all about? To me, it was if you really want to do something, go ahead and do it.
One of the great things about education is that it should stop you making mistakes - and I have made a lot of mistakes.
Bass players are always the underdogs of the band, but I made sure that I was never viewed as one. I went out of my way to steal as much limelight as I could.
When I'm not playing music, certainly the last thing I want to do is listen to music!
People go and hide, but I don't. I'm a fighter.
I've watched so-called 'New Order' playing in Auckland, and Tom Chapman is miming along to my bass on tape... He's got his fingers on the low, and you can hear my high bass in the background. So he's miming.
Over the years, Joy Division has become a huge part of music culture.
Accept what you did do, and live with it.
I regularly go to concerts with my children sharing the music.
The interesting thing is that New Order finished on an okay note. It was only after we split that things got worse.
There are so many bootlegged Joy Division/Martin Hannett tapes, a lot of really bad bootlegs on the Internet.
There are lots of Joy Division songs that are so powerful when played live, some of which we did either never play or played very rarely.
I am always working on new material with my production partner Phil Murphy in our guise as Man Ray; we do a lot of soundtrack work & some great collaborations.
In the late '70s, the conditions that bands had to endure were, shall we say, not as civilized as they are today. People were a lot more aggressive back then. So there was definitely a lot of suffering for your art. But I would argue that was a good thing. Generally, people make better music when they suffer.
When you're fat and comfortable, your music is going to sound fat and comfortable.
For the first 18 months of Joy Division, we used our jobs to fund the band. We'd all chip in three, five quid to go and do a gig. But it was worth it. It was amazing we could afford to feed ourselves. But we were so creatively and artistically satisfied. You can't explain that to somebody who's never been there.
Bootleggers quake in fear of me ringing them on a Sunday afternoon. I call after dinner, usually.
My big frustration in New Order was that they played the same tracks all the time.
There are so little outtakes from the Joy Division era. We didn't have much money. You couldn't be very generous in recording, so we were very thrifty in how we recorded. Everything was very, very well looked after financially because we just couldn't afford it.
When I play a gig and look out at the audience, you're literally looking at a sea of Joy Division T-shirts.
We loved country songs in New Order. That's our big secret!
I don't find imitating other people's music easy at all. I remember being fifth in line for a Rolling Stones tour, early '90s, when Bill Wyman left, and I was hoping against hope that I wouldn't get the call to audition. I wouldn't be able to play a Stones song if you put a gun to my head.
When I started DJing years ago, I took great delight in annoying the audience. Playing Johnny Cash in the middle of a banging night.
I'm one of those old cynics that thinks, whoever you vote for, the government always gets in.
My father was always Labour, and my mother was always Conservative, so I tended to sort of go in the middle.
I always do try to encourage my children to vote and at least exercise their right.
Great music seems to come from a lot of angst, and that angst is from great musicians getting together with intense chemistry. When that chemistry isn't there, people tend not to write great music.
When you get the right people together, writing music becomes very effortless.
