English,Musician
The biggest turn-off for me is people who think the world of themselves. Arrogance is not a sexy quality, and it really gets on my nerves.
I like the big smoky eyes look, and I always do my eyes first when I'm putting on my make-up.
I would really love to go to Thailand as so many people have told me how wonderful it is.
I'm a really bad liar. My mom finds out every time, especially now that she's got Facebook.
You won't see a picture of me rolling around in a gutter, but I sometimes have a photo taken when I'm leaving a club looking tired, and there'll be headlines saying, 'She's out of control'. You can't prepare yourself for those things; you just have to shrug them off.
The paparazzi stuff is a little weird. I used to leave the house in my pajamas. I can't do that anymore, but I'm not complaining!
I like to mix it up, but I do like a lot of '60s fashion. But I like to make it a bit more edgier, sometimes a bit more rockier, sometimes a bit more classic.
I just always wanted to be a singer. My mom said I was even singing in my cot!
I take my inspiration for the song writing from little experiences, not even if I've experienced them myself but say if something has made me sad, I will use that emotion. I just use everyday life and write about it.
I don't do lies!
I love to have Heinz Salad Cream on all my food!
What's good is that my music is different from everyone else's. It's got the soul element, like Duffy, but it's not very retro. It's a contemporary, pop, fresh sound. That's what makes it different.
I always prefer to write songs about emotional situations and heartbreak because I like getting into the character.
I don't think I'd get caught up in the crazy side of the music industry because it's just not in my nature.
I'm not going to do anything that will damage my voice because my voice is my career and singing is my passion. I was singing in the cot and I'll still be singing when they're nailing down my coffin.
As a kid, I'd watch MTV and think how great it would be to have my own music videos on those shows. Now I turn on MTV and, along the bottom of the screen, it often reads, 'Coming next... Pixie Lott.' That's so strange that I can't even begin to make sense of it.
I long for the old days of Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn, stars who had real glamour and mystique. We only knew so much about their lives; the rest was a mystery.
I don't believe in open relationships. If you want to be with someone else, you shouldn't be in a relationship in the first place.
I love dressing for the winter - especially in baggy chunky cardigans.
My two style icons are Edie Sedgwick and Brigitte Bardot.
My favourite designer is Mulberry - their bags are lovely, but their clothes are amazing, I don't think people realise. I love D&G, Fendi, Moschino, Chanel, Armani - all the classics!
When I was born, I was born very prematurely so I was very tiny and small. And so, my mom just nicknamed me Pixie, like a little fairy.
I've actually been compared to every female singer going from Britney, Christina, Mariah, Duffy, Amy Winehouse, everyone. And they are so different, so I think it's cool that people see me as so many different artistes but I think I'm a little different, yeah.
I always feel like I want to write a song when I'm really upset. And when I'm in an argument with my family, I go straight to the piano and just kind of take it out on the piano and get all emotional.
Hmm... my bedroom's really messy. It's probably the messiest bedroom you could ever think of. Like, you think it's messy, but when you go there, you can't see one bit of floor anywhere. Clothes, makeup... I'm getting sent loads of clothes and stuff, so it's just piling up everywhere. I've to jump over it in order to get into my bed.
I like to wear girlie things, but only if I can rock them up with biker boots or a jacket.
