English,Writer
This sunlight linked me through the ages to that past consciousness.
A kestrel can and does hover in the dead calm of summer days, when there is not the faintest breath of wind. He will, and does, hover in the still, soft atmosphere of early autumn, when the gossamer falls in showers, coming straight down as if it were raining silk.
It would seem that the ant works its way tentatively, and, observing where it fails, tries another place and succeeds.
The impression left after watching the motions of birds is that of extreme mobility - a life of perpetual impulse checked only by fear.
An inspiration - a long, deep breath of the pure air of thought - could alone give health to the heart.
Now is eternity; now is the immortal life.
Science, as illustrated by the printing press, the telegraph, the railway, is a double-edged sword. At the same moment that it puts an enormous power in the hands of the good man, it also offers an equal advantage to the evil disposed.
The heart has a yearning for the unknown, a longing to penetrate the deep shadow and the winding glade, where, as it seems, no human foot has been.
Almost every labourer has his Sunday suit, very often really good clothes, sometimes glossy black, with the regulation 'chimney pot'. His unfortunate walk betrays him, dress how he will.
Grief falls upon human beings as the rain, not selecting good or evil, visiting the innocent, condemning those who have done no wrong.
Look at another person while living; the soul is not visible, only the body which it animates. Therefore, merely because after death the soul is not visible is no demonstration that it does not still live.
Ever since the world began, it has been the belief of mankind that desolate places are the special haunt of supernatural beings.
It is injurious to the mind as well as to the body to be always in one place and always surrounded by the same circumstances.
I desire a greatness of soul, an irradiance of mind, a deeper insight, a broader hope.
Give me power of soul, so that I may actually effect by its will that which I strive for.
The heart looks into space to be away from earth.
That I may have the soul-life, the soul-nature, let divine beauty bring to me divine soul.
I believe in the human form; let me find something, some method, by which that form may achieve the utmost beauty.
To the soul, there is no past and no future; all is, and will be ever, in now. For artificial purposes time is mutually agreed on, but there is really no such thing.
Is there anything so delicious as the first exploration of a great library - alone - unwatched?
A man, to read, must read alone. He may make extracts, he may work at books in company; but to read, to absorb, he must be solitary.
The workman in the true sense of the word - the artist in guns - is either extinct, or hidden in an obscure corner. There is no individuality about modern guns. One is exactly like another.
The 'crownd' is still the unit, the favourite coin of the labourers, especially the elder folk. They use the word something in the same sense as the dollar, and look with regret upon the gradual disappearance of the broad silver disc with the figure of 'St. Gaarge' conquering the dragon.
A woman can see a woman so clearly - faluts, excellences, details - all are so clear to her.
The old Greeks dwelt on the tendency of human affairs to drift downwards irresistibly to unhappiness. Guilt - that is, untoward and often involuntary actions - pulls generation after generation heavily as lead down, down, down.
Beauty - what is beauty, forsooth? Form and color; that is, surface only. Fortune - what is fortune? Nothing is ever a pleasure or a real profit to him who has to labour for it. Truth - you die in the pursuit, and the sea beats the beach as it did a thousand years ago. The stolid are alone happy.
