English,Actor
I very, very, very rarely lose my temper. I do get cross sometimes when encountering something that I feel is improper, that I feel is lacking in justice and equity, and this all sounds very pompous and over the top - but these are the things that really upset me: intolerance, prejudice etc. I suppose in more mundane matters, I'm impatient.
I just love biography, and I'm fascinated by people who have shifted our destinies or our points of view.
What actually happened with 'Miracle' was that someone saw me in 'Jurassic Park' and said, 'We want someone with a white beard - how about him?' I've got a round face, white hair, a white beard. I can wear half-moon glasses and waddle a little, cope with a cane, raise my hat.
When I'm directing a movie, nothing else matters.
The old adage about acting - that it's 98% energy and 2% talent - is true, you know.
There's nothing more important in making movies than the screenplay.
I prefer fact to fiction.
I came from a family who believed in, in quotes, the Rights of Man: who believed that in order to justify the sort of luxurious life that the majority of us have, related to the whole world, that you had to do something.
I'm not an intellectual in any sense, I have constraints of erudition. I'm not able to deal with things outside my ken, and that makes me irritable. I'm irritable about the fact that I never went to university.
I always wanted to make films that might change or at least focus people's views.
I don't read a great deal of fiction, to my shame, other than the classics.
I'm not a pyrotechnical director; I'm not good with all those innovative things. What I am interested in is how actors can touch the heads and hearts of an audience.
I don't use film in the way that the great auteurs do. I use film, the camera, to record as effectively and as perceptive as I am able what I want to say through the actors.
I am passionately opposed to capital punishment, and I have been all my life.
At my age the only problem is with remembering names. When I call everyone darling, it has damn all to do with passionately adoring them, but I know I'm safe calling them that. Although, of course, I adore them too.
And I believe we need heroes, I believe we need certain people who we can measure our own shortcomings by.
If you've ever seen the film In Which We Serve, but it was about a destroyer in the Mediterranean.
I think it is obscene that we should believe that we are entitled to end somebody's life, no matter what that person has supposedly done or not done.
Pier Angeli was in the movie called Sea of Sand that Guy Green directed where this idea came up.
I'm a passionate trade unionist.
I was on my own union council for twenty-odd years.
I believe in trade unionism, and I believe in democracy, in democratic trade unionism.
I think Tom Paine is one of the greatest men that's ever lived.
What I am sad about is that there is now, in America, no equivalent to the art circuit.
In other words, if you - the cost of promoting movies, the advertising and promotion of a movie, the budget is almost as large as the cost of the movie.
I do not have a brain that I long for in dealing with matters of which I am ignorant - that don't come within my ken and a rationale, a reason, an argument and so on - and I can't do that, and I'm not in that bracket at all.
Ben Kingsley was my ideal choice for Gandhi, and he really lived up to the expectations of an international audience. I did not find any Indian actor worthy to perform the role of Gandhi in the early Eighties, though there were brilliant performers like Naseeruddin Shah in India.
I have no great interest in being remembered as a great creative filmmaker.
I want to be remembered as a storyteller.
In the late 1940s, there weren't any pop stars, and TV didn't exist.
I like to make films about people who changed the lives of others and asserted human dignity.
I'm not a great director or an auteur; I'm an ensemble director. I do think I can get wonderful performances out of actors.
If I were able to write, I probably would. But movies have given me a part of my life where I can express feelings and bring convictions to an audience as if I could write. So I made 'Gandhi' about human relations, prejudice and the empire. In 'Cry Freedom' I expressed my horror and disgust about apartheid.
Say what you will about 'Miracle on 34th Street'; I can take my grandchildren to it. If I had a maiden aunt, I could take her, or my ma and pa if they were alive.
The problem is, you see, I've just got so many subjects I want to direct.
We used to indulge hopelessly as a family at Christmas. When the children were little, I dressed up as Father Christmas. They knew it was a gag, but they loved it. I remember stealing into their bedrooms at 1 A.M. and filling the stockings up at the end of the bed.
I think Tom Paine is one of the greatest men that's ever lived. He lived in the 18th century; as you all know, he was an Englishman who was involved in the writing of American Declaration of Independence, the American Constitution, the French Constitution, wrote the great book called 'The Rights of Man' - commercial over.
I never want to make the kind of film whose impact ends when the audience leaves the cinema.
I passionately believe in heroes, but I think the world has changed its criteria in determining who it describes as a hero.
If someone does something in an entertainment/pop ambience, that person becomes someone who has an impact on the conduct and attitude of a huge number of people who peripherally come in contact with them.
I'm simply saying that heroes are people whose activities, whose attitudes, and whose judgment you just think, 'Wow. That's good. That's right. That's real.'
I adore my family; they are my joy. However, I am committed to my work. If, on a Saturday morning when I was ostensibly going to be with the children, and something arose at RADA or at UNICEF or at the orphanage or whatever, I would allow the other pressures to take precedent.
If you are playing in 'Charley's Aunt,' and your favourite aunt died that lunchtime, you'll still have to go on the stage and play 'Charley's Aunt.'
