English,Musician
I feel the older I get, the more I'm learning to handle life. Being on this quest for a long time, it's all about finding yourself.
And I came back and it was great, 'cuz George had set up all these flowers all over the studio saying welcome home. So then we got it together again. I always felt it was better on the White one for me. We were more like a band, you know.
First and foremost I am a drummer. After that, I'm other things... But I didn't play drums to make money.
That's all drugs and alcohol do, they cut off your emotions in the end.
I'd like to end up sort of unforgettable.
I love the modern technology now.
I've never been able to sit round on my own and play drums, practice in the back room, never been able to. I've always played with other musicians. It's how I play, there's no joy for me in playing on my own, bashing away. I need a bass, a piano, guitar, whatever, and then I can play.
At the end of the day, I can end up just totally wacky, because I've made mountains out of molehills. With meditation, I can keep them as molehills.
Everything government touches turns to crap.
So this is America. They must be out of their minds.
America: It's like Britain, only with buttons.
I get by with a little help from my friends.
For me, God is in my life. I don't hide from that... I think the search has been on since the '60s.
I've said this over and over again, but I love being in a band.
Being in The Beatles was a short, incredible period of my life. I had 22 years leading up to it, and it was all over eight years later.
I mean, I was born the day war broke out, but I don't remember all the bombs though they did actually break up Liverpool, you know. I remember when I was a little older, there was big gaps in all the streets where houses used to be. We used to play over them.
Well, I'm getting happier all the time, which is very nice.
I think the most exciting thing is that you expect people our age to know the music, but actually a lot of kids know the music, and if anything is left, we have left really good music, and that's the important part, not the mop-tops or whatever.
I don't talk about myself in the third person, and I laugh at people who do.
The second side of Abbey Road is my favorite.
I like Beethoven, especially the poems.
George was getting alot of independence for himself in those days. He was writing more, and wanted things to go his way - where, when we first started things basically went John and Paul's way. You know, 'cuz they were the writers.
I'm not sleeping with all the women I appear with.
Drumming is my middle name.
I want to deal with what's in front of me now to the best of my abilities, and sometimes that's not very good. But a lot of the days it is really great.
I never studied anything, really. I didn't study the drums. I joined bands and made all the mistakes onstage.
