English,Actor
When the weather's good, there's no better place to be than the British countryside.
Sunglasses are a bit like watches for me - a real obsession. My favourites are Oakleys, Ray-Bans and Wileys, which are worn by the U.S. military.
Riots born out of political issues aren't the same as those born out of personal greed.
I think we have always had a fascination for gangs and gangsters, and I think we always will.
People-trafficking is modern day slavery. There are more slaves today than there were at the height of the slave trade.
When I was an actor, I was part of a team, which I loved. You are a part inside something which is larger.
If you offer me a job sitting in a Winnebago with make-up girls and free food, I'm probably going to take it.
I really enjoy travelling around the world. I get to meet some extraordinary people.
The one thing that I'm absolutely sure about is that the people of Gaza aren't going anywhere. And neither are the people of Israel.
Many areas of Los Angeles have gang problems.
The welfare system was designed to do something different when it was started than what it does now. It was a safety net to help people get back to work: if they were sick, it would help them get back.
I don't think you should go into politics until you can stand on your own two feet economically, if possible, and you know enough about the world.
I'm an old git now, so I would say this, but television was better when there were less channels. There was more concentration and selection in terms of the output.
Oh yeah, I'm an Essex boy and proud of it.
For too many families, the aftershock of the war in Afghanistan will be felt every day, most probably for the rest of their lives. I know because I've looked into the eyes and the faces of grieving mothers.
What's always got me is the fact that when people talked on the telly about Iraq, before Afghanistan kicked off, you'd get only these public-school-type army officers talking about what was going on out there. I kept thinking, 'Why don't we get the true voice of the squaddie? Why don't we hear from the lads on the battlefield?'
I've always had a lot of time for servicemen. Yet there's been this bad relationship between civilians and the armed services. We say to soldiers, 'We want you when we want you, but stay away in peacetime. We're proud of you, but keep away from my daughter and don't come drinking in my pub.'
War is not cheap, but it's the human cost that's the highest.
There is no such thing as the worst gang because they're all pretty bad. It is very difficult to classify them in terms of who is worse than the other because they all have pretty bad things associated with them.
Some people figure that if they're part of a gang then they have less of a chance of being killed, because they are in larger numbers. But the problem with this is that it will lead to people doing stuff that they wouldn't usually do.
It's an odd feeling, knowing someone is trying to kill you. On the front line, you learn quickly that if you're in the path of a bullet, you will get hit.
I have seen incredible bravery from very young guys, the young generation that people write off.
I really hate people who feel their private lives should be paraded, and there are magazines like 'Hello!,' 'OK' and 'Bella' totally devoted to this.
I do dream about Afghanistan. I wake up and think I'm still there.
A day in Afghanistan is like a week at home.
I would never ever talk about my own personal life in an interview.
