English,Actress
I was the eldest daughter with these four beautiful younger sisters with ringlets and pretty faces, and I used to dress them up in Victorian clothes and take them out for the day and pretend they were mine.
I've concentrated for a long time on English films because I've got two kids but my oldest son is 11 and I think I'm going to be away for about four months of year now.
I'm playing a very strong character, it's the story of the woman Polish Jews out of the Warsaw ghetto. I've just begun my weapons training and the SAS type training that's getting me fit.
I haven't done an international film for a long time.
When I had my first boy it all started and that male energy seemed to keep me awake but since my daughter, who's incredibly serene, I can't seem to stop sleeping because she's asleep all the time. It's a pattern.
I find a lot of young filmmakers make too much of an effort to be trendy and they can be pretentious.
My parents are from Manchester but I was brought up in London, Camden Town.
I'm the kind of person who'll have a few drinks and fall asleep at 11.
When you love someone so much that you are in pain when you are apart it ends up being destructive. I never want to be in that place again.
I'm always the girl at the party who, within five minutes, has taken my heels off, hitched up my dress in my knickers, and probably spilt drink down my cleavage.
It is so important that you don't stay with someone just for the children and for the wrong reasons.
At home it's all Batman and Star Wars and they do gang up on me. Sometimes I don't want to dress up as Darth Vader or play train sets, so I'll go out for a drink with the girls.
I really fought to make my character not a stereotype. I play a soap star with dyed blonde hair.
I never thought I'd spend all my life with Gary. I suppose I was quite cynical about marriage. But with Jude, I knew right from the beginning: there was an electricity I'd never felt before. It was so easy, we talked for hours. It was a relief, really.
There are people out there who want me to fail, who want Jude to fail, who want our relationship to fail.
I always wear flat shoes, because I can't walk in anything else.
Just to be remembered is good enough for me. Lots of people are forgotten.
From 16 years old, I wanted to have a baby, that's all I wanted.
I want to get up at 6 A.M. and go swimming and do 30 lengths.
I don't like it when people don't act on their words.
I don't allow meat in my house or in my oven. My whole family is vegetarian - and although I've given my kids the choice to order meat at a restaurant when they reach five, they're not interested.
I've never worn fur, either. I'm a naturally squeamish person, and fur smells like dead animal to me.
I really enjoy making dinner for my kids and my husband - chopping ginger and marinating the tofu.
My kids inspire me to be the person I am today - without them I wouldn't be who I am today.
My style is scruffy with a touch of androgyny.
If I am in London I like a quick get away to The Olde Bell in Hurley... It's nearby and no stress - great food and beautiful walks.
