English,Actor
Conflict is drama, and how people deal with conflict shows you the kind of people they are.
Film and theater are about misdirection and making the audience see something. I find it interesting. One of the things we do in 'True Blood' is shoot all of our stunts in camera. Instead of doing some kind of visual effect, we try to make it happen.
Cardio is the devil.
I love - oh God, I shouldn't say this - I'm really good at bringing orchids back from the dead.
I love my kids beyond anything.
I often think a lot of women's attraction to vampires is based on the fact that vampires come from centuries ago, from eras of chivalry and courtly virtues.
Even if you know that what you'll say will hurt a woman's feelings, I've learned that it's better to be truthful with her than it is to cover up. Ultimate honesty is what a relationship is really about.
I used to be an atheist, but I've chilled out a bit on that.
I am lazy.
I'm an English boy. I played a lot of sports growing up, but I never had any kind of workout regimen.
I think half of what a trainer does is make you feel shame if you don't show up.
Vampires are so old that they don't need to impress anyone anymore. They're comfortable in their own skin. It's this enigmatic strength that's very romantic and old-fashioned. I think it goes back to something of a Victorian attitude of finding a strong man who's going to look after his woman.
You know, men would much rather run away than talk about stuff, and my default setting has always been, 'If you have an argument, walk out the door.'
When you play a character you have to ask yourself, 'Can I make sense of what's happening here? Is this authentic?'
HBO Go is a fantastic way to spend your time.
Marmite is my little English touch, and I'm crazy for chutneys.
In London I had pear trees in my back garden, so I'd make my own pear and green tomato chutney.
My character in 'The Caller' is very normal.
There are lots of procedural shows that I love, but I never really wanted to be a doctor on 'E.R.' - which I'm just picking as an example - or be on a crime procedural.
I didn't want to do film or commercials or television.
I was the classic liberal, left-wing, 'Theater is going to change the world' kind of person. You know, very, very boring.
I started a theater company when I was 17.
A film that I love is 'Raising Arizona' and that's funny but it's quite indie and weird and odd and quirky. I'd love to do something like that. Who knows?
I used to teach kids when I was younger. When I was about 14 or 15 I started teaching children drama and something that I used to say to them was, 'Don't be afraid.' People would be afraid of forgetting their lines or something.
One of the things that I've been trying to do with my characters, one of the things that does lead to me turning things down, is I don't really want to repeat myself.
There is a difference between looking all right in a shirt and taking the shirt off. The older that us dudes get, the more the paunch has to be worked on. It's hard.
