English,Director
To be successful at anything, you need the right to fail, not just occasionally.
The only way you can learn about making films is by making them, by putting your stamp on the thing.
I like a lot of takes. I just go on until the actors get it right.
I like making films about different cultures. I'm interested in things that I've never encountered before. I try to put myself in the audience's position.
Audiences aren't fools - their judgement really is important. And the true heroes of films are the investors. They take the risk, after all.
As a director, my job is to protect. I protect scripts, actors, cameramen, designers.
I'm Jewish; I'm not religious at all, and I wouldn't pretend to know anything about Catholic politics.
Truth is quite constricting, in a way. You endlessly see at the start of a film 'This is a true story'.
I've always found poverty a source of strength.
I remember reading the script for 'Dangerous Liaisons' and thinking that I could quite happily spend the rest of my life watching this film; the story and the writing were so wonderful.
I teach film directing, inasmuch as you can. It's not really possible to teach film direction, but I sit there as a sort of testimony of experience and know-how, I suppose.
When I go and teach, it sort of opens me up in some way. And when you're open, you're more receptive.
I never thought I was very good at developing material. I grew up at the BBC where they sent you scripts.
It never crossed my mind to make a film about Muhammad Ali or the Queen or any of them! They just come out of the blue.
I have people around me. I have a semi-permanent crew. If I make a film, they just turn up. They don't even invite themselves. They don't ask if they can come - they just turn up!
I want my films to get audiences. I am not interested in making them just for myself.
There's one thing now that I experience every day when I'm making a film. I get up and think to myself, 'Am I going to be able to do it today?' I figure as long as I have that fear, I'll be alright.
I can't write; I don't think I'm even particularly good at telling a writer what's good or what's missing. So, actually having someone who can do that is a godsend.
I never expected to become a director. It never occurred to me to come to America, to Hollywood. It's all been a wonderful accident. I'm still amazed every time I finish a film.
Film schools didn't exist when I was growing up. I learned by working with clever people. Good writers and cinematographers.
I wouldn't want to make the same film every time. I get easily bored.
I'm from the Midlands. I lived in London for 50 years, but I'm not sure that I think of myself as a Londoner. I can see that we're all metropolitan, whether we are Londoners or not.
I don't generally believe in people being knighted.
I'm a Republican, but I like the Queen. Like everyone else, I'm sentimental about the Queen.
I had a somewhat charmed life. I was brought up at the BBC. I did meet so many people cleverer than myself in those years. Often, I was slapped down and made to feel not good enough.
Oh, I live in London. So, whether I like it or not, I am a member of the metropolitan elite. If I were anywhere else in the country, I'd hate me.
