English,Novelist
The monarchy is finished. It was finished a while ago, but they're still making the corpses dance.
Every time I start a new piece of work, I spend a long while under the duvet thinking I can't do it.
Sometimes I rant, in a comical way, about how the gods give with one hand and take with the other.
Being poor with three small children is terrifying. You can't make any plans. You know you're not going on holiday, ever. There's no way you could ever afford driving lessons or a car. And the guilt I used to feel: they had holes in their shoes, and at one point, I had to send them to school wearing Wellingtons when the sun was shining.
People down on their luck deserve the best: beautiful surroundings and well-paid professional staff to help them out of their difficulties. Why not train thousands more social workers and let them sit in on claimants' interviews?
I am from the working class. I am now what I was then. No amount of balsamic vinegar and Prada handbags could make me forget what it was like to be poor.
I must have been a very strange child. I was very pretentious. Like Adrian Mole.
Live with all of your senses.
I think we take it for granted that if you are with your husband after 30 years, then he is the love of your life.
I never imagined when I began writing in the early 1960s I'd become professional and my life would be transformed.
I married two weeks after my 18th birthday, far too young, and by the time I was 23 I was a single mother of three small children, Sean, Daniel and Victoria, living in a prefab house.
I always have this image of a woman running across a desert carrying children, trying to find water and food, not knowing when they'll get that. And her feet are slashed up from the dry, hard earth... Even when I'm uncomfortable, sometimes in pain, or just cold... I think, 'Thank God for what I've got.'
We had library books in our house, but not our own. So you had 14 days to read them. There would be eight books a fortnight in our house and I'd read as many of those as I could.
Yes, I hate it when people call me a 'national treasure'. It takes away your bite and makes you feel like a harmless old golden Labrador.
I am surrounded by counselors. My sister is a counselor. My daughter is training to be a counselor. A lot of my friends are counselors.
I am the world's worst diabetic.
I'd love a day devoid of responsibilities. I've often thought about going to a hotel just to have a day away from everything.
I took my sight and mobility for granted.
I'm spectacularly disorganised. I wrote my latest book in seven different notebooks scattered throughout my house.
Watching 'The Jeremy Kyle Show' is my guilty pleasure.
When all my kids were at home, I used to write from midnight onwards.
I prefer to keep my secrets to myself, to the grave... and beyond!
I take life very seriously. I can laugh at it, because what else can you do? But it's a hard daily battle.
I'm getting to the end of my magnifying glasses now. One eye's gone completely. The other is gradually dimming. Dimming - that sounds very dramatic, doesn't it? I'm so lucky. I can still make a living - and the same kind of living.
Yes - I am usually overweight. I have had to be interested in diet because of being diabetic for 30 years and having kidney failure.
When I was a child, I dreaded blindness. We used to ask: 'Would we rather be blind or deaf?' I said I'd rather be blind, even though I was scared of it. I couldn't bear not being able to hear music or talk to people.
