English,Scientist
The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect.
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
The only question which any wise man can ask himself, and which any honest man will ask himself, is whether a doctrine is true or false.
Learn what is true in order to do what is right.
It is not who is right, but what is right, that is of importance.
Make up your mind to act decidedly and take the consequences. No good is ever done in this world by hesitation.
The great tragedy of science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact.
Patience and tenacity are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness.
The ultimate court of appeal is observation and experiment... not authority.
Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
The scientific imagination always restrains itself within the limits of probability.
I took thought, and invented what I conceived to be the appropriate title of 'agnostic'.
Logical consequences are the scarecrows of fools and the beacons of wise men.
Science commits suicide when it adopts a creed.
Economy does not lie in sparing money, but in spending it wisely.
I take it that the good of mankind means the attainment, by every man, of all the happiness which he can enjoy without diminishing the happiness of his fellow men.
The man of science has learned to believe in justification, not by faith, but by verification.
The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, skepticism is the highest of duties; blind faith the one unpardonable sin.
The only medicine for suffering, crime, and all other woes of mankind, is wisdom. Teach a man to read and write, and you have put into his hands the great keys of the wisdom box. But it is quite another thing to open the box.
If a little knowledge is dangerous, where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger?
Science reckons many prophets, but there is not even a promise of a Messiah.
I am content with nothing, restless and ambitious... and I despise myself for the vanity, which formed half the stimulus to my exertions. Oh would that I were one of those plodding wise fools who having once set their hand to the plough go on nothing doubting.
The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon, but only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat higher.
Science and literature are not two things, but two sides of one thing.
I do not say think as I think, but think in my way. Fear no shadows, least of all in that great spectre of personal unhappiness which binds half the world to orthodoxy.
Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every conceived notion, follow humbly wherever and whatever abysses nature leads, or you will learn nothing.
The best men of the best epochs are simply those who make the fewest blunders and commit the fewest sins.
Teach a child what is wise, that is morality. Teach him what is wise and beautiful, that is religion!
The scientific spirit is of more value than its products, and irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors.
It is the customary fate of new truths, to begin as heresies, and to end as superstitions.
Time, whose tooth gnaws away everything else, is powerless against truth.
Proclaim human equality as loudly as you like, Witless will serve his brother.
Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors.
No slavery can be abolished without a double emancipation, and the master will benefit by freedom more than the freed-man.
It is not to be forgotten that what we call rational grounds for our beliefs are often extremely irrational attempts to justify our instincts.
The child who has been taught to make an accurate elevation, plan, and section of a pint pot has had an admirable training in accuracy of eye and hand.
I believe that history might be, and ought to be, taught in a new fashion so as to make the meaning of it as a process of evolution intelligible to the young.
Nothing can be more incorrect than the assumption one sometimes meets with, that physics has one method, chemistry another, and biology a third.
Size is not grandeur, and territory does not make a nation.
In science, as in art, and, as I believe, in every other sphere of human activity, there may be wisdom in a multitude of counsellors, but it is only in one or two of them.
It is one of the most saddening things in life that, try as we may, we can never be certain of making people happy, whereas we can almost always be certain of making them unhappy.
No delusion is greater than the notion that method and industry can make up for lack of mother-wit, either in science or in practical life.
History warns us that it is the customary fate of new truths to begin as heresies and to end as superstitions.
Of moral purpose I see no trace in Nature. That is an article of exclusively human manufacture and very much to our credit.
My business is to teach my aspirations to confirm themselves to fact, not to try and make facts harmonize with my aspirations.
The most considerable difference I note among men is not in their readiness to fall into error, but in their readiness to acknowledge these inevitable lapses.
The only freedom I care about is the freedom to do right; the freedom to do wrong I am ready to part with on the cheapest terms to anyone who will take it of me.
The known is finite, the unknown infinite; intellectually we stand on an islet in the midst of an illimitable ocean of inexplicability. Our business in every generation is to reclaim a little more land, to add something to the extent and the solidity of our possessions.
