English,Actor
I'm not a 'guitarist.' I'm trying to be a bassist.
Music's another big love of mine.
I've always been very conscious of who I am.
I struggle with reading a bit. I'm slightly dyslexic, so reading takes me quite a while, and in general, I'm not a big book reader at all. And something like 'Game of Thrones' seems very daunting to me!
On 'Love Actually', I met Hugh Grant, who is a relative: our great-grandmothers were sisters. He'd call me cousin and ruffle my hair.
I play bass. I play a bit of guitar. I've never been to a lesson, so my theory of music is non-existent in any instrument, but we always had guitars around.
I'm not a fan of musicals at all, but I do think 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' is a very good. I always thought 'Walk the Line' was very good, too.
I've always been able to be firm, to talk my way out of sticky situations. Bullies at school. Attempted muggings.
I've always kind of known what I like and what I don't. And never felt any pressure to wear certain things or watch certain things... It's hard to explain, but I've just always felt it.
I think I'd be quite good at Builder, like designer, construction... I've always liked making things. I'm quite good with my hands. So I think I'd be quite good at designing new inventions.
I like the outdoors.
My girlfriend has read all the 'Game of Thrones' books - twice.
The trouble is, being an actor, you're always being sent scripts, so you've always got something to read. You've always got about three scripts to read, that you have to read, all the time. So finding a book or getting into a book series is hard, especially for me.
When I'm working, I look forward to weekends. Film sets give your time a structure; otherwise, one day can run into another. I often find myself in unusual locations, so Friday nights I might head out with some of the cast and crew to explore the town.
I like living at home: I've been making films since I was 12, when I played Sam in 'Love Actually', and if you spend as much time away on set as I have done, you get your independence young, so it's nice to come back home.
I like to be on set and see what the camera guys are up to. I like to see all the jobs that come together to make the thing you are also making.
To be a good director, you have to have good life experience. I'm getting there.
