English,Inventor
We need diversity of thought in the world to face the new challenges.
The original idea of the web was that it should be a collaborative space where you can communicate through sharing information.
Innovation is serendipity, so you don't know what people will make.
The challenge is to manage the Web in an open way-not too much bureaucracy, not subject to political or commercial pressures. The U.S. should demonstrate that it is prepared to share control with the world.
You affect the world by what you browse.
It's difficult to imagine the power that you're going to have when so many different sorts of data are available.
Imagine that everything you are typing is being read by the person you are applying to for your first job. Imagine that it's all going to be seen by your parents and your grandparents and your grandchildren as well.
It's amazing how quickly people on the internet can pick something up, but it's also amazing how quickly they can drop it.
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.
When something is such a creative medium as the web, the limits to it are our imagination.
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.
The Google algorithm was a significant development. I've had thank-you emails from people whose lives have been saved by information on a medical website or who have found the love of their life on a dating website.
When it comes to professionalism, it makes sense to talk about being professional in IT. Standards are vital so that IT professionals can provide systems that last.
There was a time when people felt the internet was another world, but now people realise it's a tool that we use in this world.
I'm not a fan of giving a website a simple number like an IQ rating because like people they can vary in all kinds of different ways. So I'd be interested in different organisations labelling websites in different ways.
The world's urban poor and the illiterate are going to be increasingly disadvantaged and are in danger of being left behind. The web has added a new dimension to the gap between the first world and the developing world. We have to start talking about a human right to connect.
I hope we will use the Net to cross barriers and connect cultures.
One of the things I like about the computer that I use is that I can write a program on it or I can download a program on to it and run it. That's kind of important to me, and that's also kind of important to the whole future of the internet... obviously a closed platform is a serious brake on innovation.
What is a Web year now, about three months? And when people can browse around, discover new things, and download them fast, when we all have agents - then Web years could slip by before human beings can notice.
The important thing is the diversity available on the Web.
The Domain Name Server (DNS) is the Achilles heel of the Web. The important thing is that it's managed responsibly.
Intellectual property is an important legal and cultural issue. Society as a whole has complex issues to face here: private ownership vs. open source, and so on.
Web pages are designed for people. For the Semantic Web, we need to look at existing databases.
Web users ultimately want to get at data quickly and easily. They don't care as much about attractive sites and pretty design.
In '93 to '94, every browser had its own flavor of HTML. So it was very difficult to know what you could put in a Web page and reliably have most of your readership see it.
I myself feel that it is very important that my ISP supplies internet to my house like the water company supplies water to my house. It supplies connectivity with no strings attached.
We could say we want the Web to reflect a vision of the world where everything is done democratically. To do that, we get computers to talk with each other in such a way as to promote that ideal.
On the web the thinking of cults can spread very rapidly and suddenly a cult which was 12 people who had some deep personal issues suddenly find a formula which is very believable.
Things can change so fast on the internet.
I suppose it's amazing when you think how many things people get involved in that don't work.
I think when you have a lot of jumbled up ideas they come together slowly over a period of several years.
I don't know whether machine translation will eventually get good enough to allow us to browse people's websites in different languages so you can see how they live in different countries.
I'm very aware there are lots of other people who are just bright and working just as hard, with just the same dedication to make the world a good place.
It was really hard explaining the Web before people just got used to it because they didn't even have words like click and jump and page.
Any enterprise CEO really ought to be able to ask a question that involves connecting data across the organization, be able to run a company effectively, and especially to be able to respond to unexpected events. Most organizations are missing this ability to connect all the data together.
The Semantic Web isn't inherently complex. The Semantic Web language, at its heart, is very, very simple. It's just about the relationships between things.
If you are not on the web, you will have problems accessing services.
I have built a moat around myself, along with ways over that moat so that people can ask questions.
When you go onto the internet, if you really rummage around randomly then how do you hope to find something of any of value?
My own personal preference is that the consumer, the individual person should be protected because individual people and the difference between individual people and the diversity we have between people on the planet is so important.
One of the issues of social networking silos is that they have the data and I don't.
It's interesting that people throughout the existence of the web have been concerned about monopolies.
I should be able to pick which applications I use for managing my life, I should be able to pick which content I look at, and I should be able to pick which device I use, which company I use for supplying my internet, and I'd like those to be independent choices.
In many ways, people growing up with the Web and now the Semantic Web take the power at their fingertips for granted.
The people who designed the tools that make the Net run had their own ideas for the future.
