English,Statesman
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Anywhere, anytime ordinary people are given the chance to choose, the choice is the same: freedom, not tyranny; democracy, not dictatorship; the rule of law, not the rule of the secret police.
The purpose of terrorism lies not just in the violent act itself. It is in producing terror. It sets out to inflame, to divide, to produce consequences which they then use to justify further terror.
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.
However much I dislike the idea of abortion, you should not criminalize a woman who, in very difficult circumstances, makes that choice.
The threat today is not that of the 1930s. It's not big powers going to war with each other. The ravages which fundamentalist political ideology inflicted on the 20th century are memories. The Cold war is over. Europe is at peace, if not always diplomatically.
By nature, I am a unifier. I am a builder of consensus. I don't believe in sloppy compromise. But I do believe in bringing people together.
Values unrelated to modern reality are not just electorally hopeless, the values themselves become devalued. They have no purchase on the real world.
Whatever the dangers of the action we take, the dangers of inaction are far, far greater.
I learnt a lot in government, and I've learnt a lot since leaving government. The kind of journey of being in government is that you start at your most popular and least capable, and you end at your most capable and least popular.
I can only go one way. I've not got a reverse gear.
I didn't come into politics to change the Labour Party. I came into politics to change the country.
In no relationship at the top of any walk of life is it always easy, least of all in politics which matters so much and which is conducted in such a piercing spotlight.
I happen to think it's the politics that makes you electable, but the reason for that is politicians sometimes talk about electability as if it's just a matter of conning the public. Actually, it's a matter of persuading the public, and in my experience, usually, the public gets it right.
It is not an arrogant government that chooses priorities, it's an irresponsible government that fails to choose.
I have long believed this interdependence defines the new world we live in.
Leaders lead but in the end it's the people who deliver.
But the world is ever more interdependent. Stock markets and economies rise and fall together. Confidence is the key to prosperity. Insecurity spreads like contagion. So people crave stability and order.
Genetic modification has many different areas, for example in medicine, and Britain is at the leading edge of this new technology. I don't know, but people tell me, it could indeed by the leading science of the 21st century. All I say to people is: 'Just keep an open mind and let us proceed according to genuine scientific evidence.'
You only require two things in life: your sanity and your wife.
There is no meeting of minds, no point of understanding with such terror. Just a choice: Defeat it or be defeated by it. And defeat it we must.
Labour is the party of law and order in Britain today. Tough on crime, tough on the causes of crime.
Education is the best economic policy there is.
Yes, I feel I've got something to say. If people want to listen, that's great, and if they don't, that's their choice.
I believe Mrs. Thatcher's emphasis on enterprise was right.
Mine is the first generation able to contemplate the possibility that we may live our entire lives without going to war or sending our children to war.
But I am an optimist about Britain; and the difference between an optimist and a pessimist is not that the optimist believes the world is wonderful and the pessimist believes it's beset by challenges; the difference is the pessimist believes we will be defeated by them; the optimist thinks the challenges can be overcome.
The public think the politicians don't know or care about their lives; and the politicians feel misunderstood.
The great advantage of the Lib Dems is precisely that no-one knows what they stand for.
Choice dependent on wealth; those are the Tory words.
Be a doer and not a critic.
Human progress has never been shaped by commentators, complainers or cynics.
The spread of freedom is the best security for the free.
And just as the terrorist seeks to divide humanity in hate, so we have to unify it around an idea. And that idea is liberty.
Our new world rests on order. The danger is disorder. And in today's world, it can now spread like contagion.
In government you carry each hope; each disillusion. And in politics it's always about the next challenge.
My dad was a militant atheist, or is a militant atheist. My mum was sort of bought up in a religious family because she was a Protestant from Ireland but wasn't especially religious.
I mean, I went to a church school when I was younger and imbibed a certain amount of religion then but it was really in university that I got interested in religion and politics at the same time. I don't think as if it were one moment of conversion but my spiritual journey really began then.
But in terms of how people live together, how we minimize the prospects of conflict and maximize the prospects of peace, the place of religion in our society today is essential.
So actually I only got a mobile phone the day after I left being Prime Minister.
You know, the media and politicians are always gonna be in a bit of tension with one another and probably most of the time that's healthy and indeed even creative. But it's where - it's really when news organisations are used as kind of instruments of politics that it gets tricky.
You know, one of the things I've learnt since coming out of office is how much easier it is to give the advice than take the decision. I mean, you know, it's tough.
My office is on Twitter. I don't tweet myself - at least, not intentionally, but I probably should do.
