English,Poet
We are all here on earth to help others; what on earth the others are here for I don't know.
Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic.
What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish.
The ear tends to be lazy, craves the familiar and is shocked by the unexpected; the eye, on the other hand, tends to be impatient, craves the novel and is bored by repetition.
We all have these places where shy humiliations gambol on sunny afternoons.
If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving be me.
In times of joy, all of us wished we possessed a tail we could wag.
Evil is unspectacular and always human, and shares our bed and eats at our own table.
No human being is innocent, but there is a class of innocent human actions called Games.
For who can bear to feel himself forgotten?
Health is the state about which medicine has nothing to say.
Perhaps there is only one cardinal sin: impatience. Because of impatience we were driven out of Paradise, because of impatience we cannot return.
Sob, heavy world Sob as you spin, Mantled in mist Remote from the happy.
It's frightening how easy it is to commit murder in America. Just a drink too much. I can see myself doing it. In England, one feels all the social restraints holding one back. But here, anything can happen.
All sins tend to be addictive, and the terminal point of addiction is damnation.
History is, strictly speaking, the study of questions; the study of answers belongs to anthropology and sociology.
No good opera plot can be sensible, for people do not sing when they are feeling sensible.
Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.
A professor is someone who talks in someone else's sleep.
I'll love you, dear, I'll love you till China and Africa meet and the river jumps over the mountain and the salmon sing in the street.
When I find myself in the company of scientists, I feel like a shabby curate who has strayed by mistake into a room full of dukes.
A verbal art like poetry is reflective; it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.
To save your world you asked this man to die; would this man, could he see you now, ask why?
God bless the USA, so large, so friendly, and so rich.
My face looks like a wedding-cake left out in the rain.
May it not be that, just as we have to have faith in Him, God has to have faith in us and, considering the history of the human race so far, may it not be that 'faith' is even more difficult for Him than it is for us?
Of all possible subjects, travel is the most difficult for an artist, as it is the easiest for a journalist.
If time were the wicked sheriff in a horse opera, I'd pay for riding lessons and take his gun away.
Some books are undeservedly forgotten; none are undeservedly remembered.
Geniuses are the luckiest of mortals because what they must do is the same as what they most want to do.
Music is the best means we have of digesting time.
No hero is mortal till he dies.
Music can be made anywhere, is invisible and does not smell.
Art is our chief means of breaking bread with the dead.
A poet is a professional maker of verbal objects.
One cannot walk through an assembly factory and not feel that one is in Hell.
The class distinctions proper to a democratic society are not those of rank or money, still less, as is apt to happen when these are abandoned, of race, but of age.
The words of a dead man are modified in the guts of the living.
When I am in the company of scientists, I feel like a shabby curate who has strayed by mistake into a drawing room full of dukes.
I don't get acting jobs because of my looks.
A real book is not one that we read, but one that reads us.
Fame often makes a writer vain, but seldom makes him proud.
All that we are not stares back at what we are.
It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.
Every American poet feels that the whole responsibility for contemporary poetry has fallen upon his shoulders, that he is a literary aristocracy of one.
No poet or novelist wishes he were the only one who ever lived, but most of them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe their wish has been granted.
All works of art are commissioned in the sense that no artist can create one by a simple act of will but must wait until what he believes to be a good idea for a work comes to him.
Hemingway is terribly limited. His technique is good for short stories, for people who meet once in a bar very late at night, but do not enter into relations. But not for the novel.
