English,Author
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
The best reason why Monarchy is a strong government is, that it is an intelligible government. The mass of mankind understand it, and they hardly anywhere in the world understand any other.
Poverty is an anomaly to rich people; it is very difficult to make out why people who want dinner do not ring the bell.
A Parliament is nothing less than a big meeting of more or less idle people.
The real essence of work is concentrated energy.
You may talk of the tyranny of Nero and Tiberius; but the real tyranny is the tyranny of your next-door neighbor.
We must not let daylight in upon the magic.
Life is a school of probability.
Nothing is more unpleasant than a virtuous person with a mean mind.
An inability to stay quiet is one of the conspicuous failings of mankind.
Public opinion is a permeating influence, and it exacts obedience to itself; it requires us to drink other men's thoughts, to speak other men's words, to follow other men's habits.
An ambassador is not simply an agent; he is also a spectacle.
The whole history of civilization is strewn with creeds and institutions which were invaluable at first, and deadly afterwards.
It is often said that men are ruled by their imaginations; but it would be truer to say they are governed by the weakness of their imaginations.
Men who do not make advances to women are apt to become victims to women who make advances to them.
So long as war is the main business of nations, temporary despotism - despotism during the campaign - is indispensable.
Woman absent is woman dead.
Honor sinks where commerce long prevails.
It is good to be without vices, but it is not good to be without temptations.
The cure for admiring the House of Lords is to go and look at it.
An influential member of parliament has not only to pay much money to become such, and to give time and labour, he has also to sacrifice his mind too - at least all the characteristics part of it that which is original and most his own.
The being without an opinion is so painful to human nature that most people will leap to a hasty opinion rather than undergo it.
Dullness in matters of government is a good sign, and not a bad one - in particular, dullness in parliamentary government is a test of its excellence, an indication of its success.
No real English gentleman, in his secret soul, was ever sorry for the death of a political economist.
One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of a new idea.
