English,Athlete
Becoming a dad means you have to be a role model for your son and be someone he can look up to.
Perfect partners don't exist. Perfect conditions exist for a limited time in which partnerships express themselves best.
I just hate losing and that gives you an extra determination to work harder.
I think the fans are going to expect a lot from me, as they should.
Growing up, watching the Premier League as far back as I can remember, feeling the trophy and having the medal around my neck was an unbelievable feeling.
As you get older you play in more important games and that is when you start thinking about what will happen if you win or lose.
I'm only a human being.
When famous people come up to you it's a bit weird, but it's an honour, really, when they recognise you and want to chat to you for a bit.
I love Barbados, it's really relaxing.
Part of my preparation is I go and ask the kit man what colour we're wearing - if it's red top, white shorts, white socks or black socks. Then I lie in bed the night before the game and visualise myself scoring goals or doing well.
Nice to see your home fans boo you. That's what loyal support is.
You can learn more from the lows than the highs. The highs are great but the lows make you really look at things in a different way and want to improve. Every player will have both in their careers and I have, but what you get is that experience which is so important to perform at your best.
I'm just a normal young lad who plays football.
I want to score in every game and win things. That's the most important thing.
You just want to keep playing consistently now and keep working hard and I'm sure the goals will come.
I don't normally cook, but if I did it probably would be beans, sausage, bacon and eggs. I never really get to eat that to be honest.
Football is made up of all kinds of conflict. In a dressing room, between players, between us and the manager, between us and loads of people who don't seem to matter. It's constant and harsh sometimes.
When they talk to me, people say, 'I didn't expect you to be how you are.'
The lifestyle I lead as a footballer means I am always in the spotlight.
It's strange but I suppose I'm one of those senior players now and I'll be helping the young players as much as I can.
If I'm staying in a hotel or I'm sleeping on my own I have the hairdryer on.
When you are 16 there is no fear whatsoever. As you get older you play in more important games and that is when you start thinking about what will happen if you win or lose.
When I was about 16, I got my ball taken off me by the police for playing in the street - which is pathetic really.
I've trained all my life. I've always been one who enjoys training so it's not something that I think I can just stop doing. It might not be as regular but I want to keep training.
Football's about the young players, bringing youth team players through to the first team and hopefully getting the best out of them so they can go on to play for their country.
I love football, I've never really taken an interest in anything else.
When I was younger, I used to visualise myself scoring wonder goals, stuff like that.
I like musicals and I love music.
There are many ways to grow football-wise. You go slow or are pushed to go faster, otherwise you get left behind. For me, there would be trouble in stopping learning.
The important thing is to be there, score when needed. It's better if the goals are beautiful, better still if they are important.
Those who said I'm not an out-and-out goal-scorer are probably right. I always feel I could score more.
I love football so when I finish playing I would like to still be involved in it somehow and a manager would be my first choice.
Becoming a dad was the proudest moment of my life. Playing football does not even compare.
I'm proud I'm English and I'm passionate about my country.
You're trying to put yourself in that moment and trying to prepare yourself, to have a 'memory before the game. I don't know if you'd call it visualising or dreaming, but I've always done it, my whole life.
