English,Author
A girl can never have too many lipstick options!
Sharing is the essence of social media.
It's so hard not to smile.
As cheesy as it sounds, nothing beats a smile and a bit of confidence! As long as you feel good on the inside, you can still look beautiful without any makeup at all.
Everyone needs help when they try something new.
Since I could read, I always had my nose in a book.
I love to do a messy top knot because it's so easy but looks like it could have taken a bit of effort!
I don't know, the word 'famous' just sounds really weird to me, because I'm just me.
People send me fanmail in the post, and I keep every letter, and I always say I will read every single one. It might take me years and years, but I'll do it. Your audience are what makes you, so you have give as much back as you can.
Nine per cent of my viewers are men, of which the majority is, I think, 45 to 50. I like to tell myself it's just my dad watching.
There isn't any amount of money that could tempt me to promote something that I didn't believe in.
It's good for me to do things outside my comfort zone and push myself.
Who knows what will happen in five years' time.
I'm so grateful to everyone who has bought a copy of 'Girl Online.' I love that so many of my viewers are enjoying the book!
After I left school, where I studied art, photography and textiles at A-level, I started doing an apprenticeship in interior design, but I wasn't really enjoying it very much, so I decided to do something creative, and in 2009, I began blogging.
I know that I do have influence over the people who watch me, and it's quite a pressure. I have to stay positive, and while I would never use the words 'role model', I am mindful of the responsibilities that come with a substantial viewership.
I have an incredibly high metabolism.
People say they like my fashion-haul videos because it's like you've been shopping with your friends, and you look back over what you have bought.
I'm a total people pleaser.
I could never let the teacher down. I always worked hard, too scared to get in trouble.
I know just how isolating it can feel to experience severe anxiety.
For the doubters out there, of course I was going to have help from Penguin's editorial team in telling my story, which I talked about from the beginning.
The story and the characters of 'Girl Online' are mine.
'Bake Off' is one of my favourite programmes, so I was genuinely a little bit shocked and very excited when I was asked to take part.
When life catches up with us, we all need space to dream and indulge, so I have created my own special range of bath & beauty loveliness to help you find your happy place.
There are times I turn off my Wi-Fi, and I'm selective about what I want to share with the world now.
