Indonesian,Activist
Today the Western powers and media want to domesticate us like sheep, to keep us tame and domesticated.
So we want an Islamic state where Islamic law is not just in the books but enforced, and enforced with determination. There is no space and no room for democratic consultation. The Shariah is set and fixed, so why do we need to discuss it anymore? Just implement it!
You are right, but the weakness does not come from the millions of Muslims in the world. They do not mind being radical, they have no fear to speak out and to protest and to jihad.
Why should we use the Dollar even when we trade among ourselves?
What use is revelation or religion if it doesnt change anything?
What honour have we got left, when nobody is listening to us?
We should be proud that our Prophet came into the world with the message of Islam to change it for the better, and not for the worse, or to keep things as they are.
We have shown that Islam can rule the world perfectly for 14 centuries, and during this time of Muslim power we did not borrow ideas like democracy from others, so why do we need to learn democracy from them now?
This is why I have always said that it would be better if Muslims were poor.
They are scared that the BBC or CNN may call them radicals, so they remain soft instead. The problem lies there, with the Muslim leaders, not the Muslim masses.
There is not a single Muslim leader today who has the courage and commitment to defend Islam and Muslims, they are all in awe of the United States and other Western powers, and are indebted to them.
The Afghans did not have sophisticated weapons like the Soviets did, but with their faith they defeated a superpower.
Our Prophet was a radical too- he fought against the injustices of his community and challenged the feudal order of his society, so they called him a radical. So what? We should be proud of that!
Oil wealth has been a curse on us, made us weak and docile.
Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone.
Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone.
Likewise the leader of any state has to do the same, he has to enforce Shariah firmly, for he will be held in account later in the afterlife if he fails.
Laws are to be enforced justly but firmly, with an iron hand. This is the case anywhere, even in a family.
Islam's laws are fixed and that is why Islam is stable.
Islam is perfect, there is nothing to be added or changed.
Islam is fixed, stable, ordered and disciplined, and so are Muslims.
If my children do not behave according to Islam, if they do not pray for instance, I will punish them.
The Prophet defeated the enemies of Islam even when he and his followers were small in number.
The only model to follow is pure Islam.
The Muslim leaders swallow the advice of the Western powers and bodies like the IMF and World Bank, even when it is bad for their countries and they know this.
But the West is trying to weaken Islam from outside and inside. They attack our people and invade our countries from outside, and they weaken us from within with ideas like secularism, liberalism and democracy. This is all designed to contaminate our pure Islam.
