Indonesian,Statesman
The worst cruelty that can be inflicted on a human being is isolation.
We must all build national unity, build all revolutionary forces, into one powerful wave to sweep away our main enemy, political imperialism and economic imperialism.
I myself am sometimes fed up with Hatta's policies. Hatta and I sometimes bug each other, but omitting Hatta from the Proclamation Text... that is the action of a coward!
I love life.
I was weaned not on television or Wild West sagas but on stories of nationalism and patriotism. I would sit at my mother's feet by the hour and drink in these exciting tales of the freedom fighters in our family.
I hate imperialism. I detest colonialism. And I fear the consequences of their last bitter struggle for life. We are determined that our nation, and the world as a whole, shall not be the plaything of one small corner of the world.
If some nation says to us, 'You can have aid, but you have to end confrontation,' then I say, 'Go to hell with your aid.'
Insofar as Pancasila is concerned, I am only its formulator: a formulator of those feelings which have been present silently in the heart of the Indonesian people.
If we truly understand, remember, and love the people of Indonesia, let us accept this principle of social justice, that is, not only political equality, but we must create equality in the economic field, too, which means the best possible well-being.
We are a fighting nation, continually struggling to overcome diseases from within... and to face up to foreign intervention from without.
Let us not be bitter about the past, but let us keep our eyes firmly on the future.
We are living in a world of fear. The life of man today is corroded and made bitter by fear: fear of the future, fear of the hydrogen bomb, fear of ideologies. Perhaps this fear is a greater danger than the danger itself because it is fear, which drives men to act thoughtlessly, to act dangerously.
I embrace the PKI because it is a revolutionary force. PKI go forward. PKI never retreat. PKI grow. PKI be strong. Onward.
I always start from the stand that it is imperialism that needs us, not we who need the imperialists.
I am not an economist... I am not a business technician. I am a revolutionary, and I do what is right for an economic revolutionary.
We feel free... Now we are really self-reliant. This is the great advantage of teaching ourselves to become a free people, no longer one that always asks, 'Aid, aid, please.'
Our socialism does not include extreme materialistic concepts, since Indonesia is primarily a God-fearing, God-loving nation. Our socialism is a mixture. We draw political equality from the American Declaration of Independence. We draw spiritual equality from Islam and Christianity. We draw scientific equality from Marx.
Never, ever forget history.
If I am not mistaken, it was a British poet who said that 'no one is properly dressed unless he wears a smile.'
Indonesia is rich in natural resources. Indonesia is rich in manpower with its 103 million inhabitants - not like Malaysia with its 10 million.
Am I not peaceful? We want to be free - completely free. Free to be free. We want to be left alone.
The sophisticates of Java, the traders of Sumatra, the peasants from the outer islands found no common ground. During siesta time from one to five, the Islamic group met separately, the Nationalist group met separately, the Federalist and Unitarians met separately.
Even a child, if he looks at a map of the world, can point out that the Indonesian archipelago forms one unity. On the map, there can be shown a unity of the group of islands between two great oceans - the Pacific Ocean and the Indies Ocean - and between two continents - the continent of Asia and the continent of Australia.
If I used to say that Indonesia would be free when the corn ripens, I can now say that Indonesia will be free before it blossoms.
Crush Malaysia! Indonesia may change its tactics, but our goal will remain the same.
I am very unhappy about reports that I was seeking asylum in Manila.
