Portuguese,Writer
As citizens, we all have an obligation to intervene and become involved - it's the citizen who changes things.
It is economic power that determines political power, and governments become the political functionaries of economic power.
A human being is a being who is constantly 'under construction,' but also, in a parallel fashion, always in a state of constant destruction.
Inside us there is something that has no name, that something is what we are.
I think we are blind. Blind people who can see, but do not see.
What kind of world is this that can send machines to Mars and does nothing to stop the killing of a human being?
The problem is that the right doesn't need any ideas to govern, but the left can't govern without ideas.
I am traveling less in order to be able to write more. I select my travel destinations according to their degree of usefulness to my work.
I am a person with leftist convictions, and always have been.
I presume that nobody will deny the positive aspects of the North American cultural world. These are well known to all. But these aspects do not make one forget the disastrous effects of the industrial and commercial process of 'cultural lamination' that the USA is perpetrating on the planet.
I never appreciated 'positive heroes' in literature. They are almost always cliches, copies of copies, until the model is exhausted. I prefer perplexity, doubt, uncertainty, not just because it provides a more 'productive' literary raw material, but because that is the way we humans really are.
In the end, I am quite normal. I don't have odd habits. I don't dramatize. Above all, I do not romanticize the act of writing. I don't talk about the anguish I suffer in creating. I do not have a fear of the blank page, writer's block, all those things that we hear about writers.
Death is present every day in our lives. It's not that I take pleasure in the morbid fascination of it, but it is a fact of life.
The painter paints, the musician makes music, the novelist writes novels. But I believe that we all have some influence, not because of the fact that one is an artist, but because we are citizens.
Words were not given to man in order to conceal his thoughts.
Human vocabulary is still not capable, and probably never will be, of knowing, recognizing, and communicating everything that can be humanly experienced and felt.
The world is governed by institutions that are not democratic - the World Bank, the IMF, the WTO.
The attitude of insolent haughtiness is characteristic of the relationships Americans form with what is alien to them, with others.
The wisest man I ever knew in my whole life could not read or write.
To continue living, we have to die. That's the story of humanity - generation after generation - that we are going to die. There's nothing dramatic about death except that one loses one's life.
Without the faintest possibility of finding a job, I decided to devote myself to literature: it was about time to find out what I was worth as a writer.
We're not short of movements proclaiming that a different world is possible, but unless we can coordinate them into an international movement, capitalism just laughs at all these little organisations.
Things will be very bad for Latin America. You only have to consider the ambitions and the doctrines of the empire, which regards this region as its backyard.
There are plenty of reasons not to put up with the world as it is.
The world had already changed before September 11. The world has been going through a process of change over the last 20 or 30 years. A civilization ends, another one begins.
The U.S. needs to control the Middle East, the gateway to Asia. It already has military installations in Uzbekistan.
I was a good pupil at primary school: in the second class I was writing with no spelling mistakes, and the third and fourth classes were done in a single year.
I believe myself to be the type of person who does not complicate his life. I have always lived my life without dramatizing things, whether the good things that have happened to me or the bad. I simply live those moments.
For me, writing is a job. I do not separate the work from the act of writing like two things that have nothing to do with each other. I arrange words one after another, or one in front of another, to tell a story, to say something that I consider important or useful, or at least important or useful to me.
When I am occupied with a work that requires continuity - a novel, for example - I write every day.
I can't imagine myself outside any kind of social or political involvement. Yes, I'm a writer, but I live in this world, and my writing doesn't exist on a separate level. And if people know who I am and read my books, well, good; that way, if I have something more to say, then everyone benefits.
I think the novel is not so much a literary genre, but a literary space, like a sea that is filled by many rivers. The novel receives streams of science, philosophy, poetry and contains all of these; it's not simply telling a story.
I don't defend the idea of universal love. It has never existed and will never exist.
A writer's definitive death is when no one reads his books anymore. That's the final death.
