Portuguese,Musician
Having a baby is one of the most wonderful things in your life, as well as the hardest thing in your life.
As much as you put into it is as much as you get out of it.
A band is like a marriage - you don't know why it works, but when it does, everything feels right.
It's just a bunch of songs. I'm not trying to cure any major disease.
Who needs fan mail when you have the Internet?
When you are in this business and this career, it's hard for any one thing to engulf you.
There's two facets to writing a song. There's you sitting in your room writing the sentiments of the song; the lyrics, the melody and the changes, and then there's the part where you go into the studio and you put clothing on it.
The touring part is really mixed. You love to play and you can't wait to go, but you don't want to leave.
Obviously the biggest change is that it's me by myself. When you don't have another band interpreting your songs or playing them the way that they have, it's bound to sound different.
My current project is my band, Population 1. We are writing, rehearsing and playing in Los Angeles.
Live are a really good band. I like Stone Temple Pilots, Radiohead I love. Even Oasis.
It's hard to know exactly what it sounds like to me. I'm in the studio and I write it. and that's it.
I wanted to do the whole album in black and white, and it really killed me that when you see it in the light it's got green in it. I don't know what the hell that was about.
I think I'm a music fan before anything else.
I never record anything like a demo, I just go for it.
I definitely get affected by new stuff. There's a lot of older influences, but there's also newer stuff too.
I am affected by what is around. I don't think many people would admit that.
I always imagine later on these songs I could've played with a band, but it never worked out that way.
Half the bands I guarantee wouldn't at this point want Nuno to open for them.
Even with Extreme, I don't think you have a choice but to sort of have somewhat of an influence of the times.
As opposed to touring for three years and then going into the studio and writing an album, I think this record is representative of a lot of everyday people.
