American,Artist
When it's time for me to walk away from something, I walk away from it. My mind, my body, my conscience tell me that enough is enough.
I'm a Gemini. Know what that means? There are two very different sides to me.
Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me.
You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.
You need lofty goals. Then cement it with a great work ethic.
The season is a beast within itself. It's not the quickest race; it's a marathon. In the playoffs - if you're fortunate enough to make the playoffs - that's more like a dash. You have to concentrate on one opponent. When they're done, you have to concentrate on another one.
You need to possess more than a little nastiness to play basketball at the highest level.
I don't know anything else but the Lakers. This has certainly been more than a job for me as a player. It has certainly meant more to me than just an occupation.
Confidence is a lot of this game or any game. If you don't think you can, you won't.
To be candid with you, free agency hurts all sports. It's great for athletes making an enormous amount of money. But to say it helps the sports, I don't believe that.
I've seen a lot in my life. I've seen a lot of winning. I've seen a lot of testing times. I think when you're tested, you really find out what you're made of, OK?
It's discouraging for me to come out there and watch the lack of fan support for a good team.
The support this city and our fans have shown the Grizzlies made my decision to stay in Memphis an easy one. Memphis deserves a championship team, and I am committed to that.
I remember, years ago, if I had had an opportunity to leave the Lakers, I would have left for one reason: because I did not like an owner that was not telling me the truth. And it would have made no difference what they would have offered me; I would have left.
I hate to say it's not a Laker but Michael Jordan. He's been the greatest player I've ever seen. And I'm probably a harsh judge of talent in the sense that I admire players that are really good defensive players and really good offensive players.
Coaches who have been players in the league, they get so attuned to playing how they were successful and who their coaches were.
I enjoy winning, but more importantly, I enjoy the people I'm around.
I'm just ultracompetitive. I will be till they put me in the grave.
If you don't want to win, you don't want to be around me.
I've always been a very harsh judge of talent because if you don't play the game on both ends of the court, and if you don't play hard every night, I'm probably not going to be in love with you as a player. I'm going to respect you because you're good, but these players are unique.
There's been so many unbelievable players in Los Angeles, maybe the best of the best.
The league is changing, and we don't have many back-to-the-basket players. We now have a game that requires skill and versatility. A lot of that is about being able to think. It makes all the difference in the world to have a player in there with a high basketball IQ who can make the right decision.
The advent of so much dribbling has created a different kind of player, and it starts at a very early age. We have so many gifted ball handlers. Everything is pick-and-roll. Unless he's a catch-and-shoot guy, a player is going to put it on the floor and attack. Kevin Durant is a wonderful ball handler.
Defensively, from a team standpoint, I didn't feel I played very well. Very rarely was I satisfied with how I played.
I'm surprised when the ball doesn't go into the hoop. I think I should make every shot.
If I'm not nervous, if I don't have at least a little bit of the same self-doubt and anxious feelings I had when I started playing, then it will be time for me to go on. I must have that tension.
When the Warriors are on, my wife keeps away from me. I'm a rabid fan, and my language sometimes is not too good.
There's always two or three players I like, and why I like them, I can't tell you. There's just something about them I think would be great on a team.
Obviously, stats are important tools, but I think there's something behind those things; somewhere along the way, you've got to try to look inside someone.
You have to win games by scoring points, of course, so that's important. But when you're having nights against a good defensive team, you have to win in a different manner. You have to win a defensive-type game.
That's a strong sign of a good coach, to let an assistant participate. It shows his confidence in the coach's ability not to have to dominate everything.
I think, at the end of the day, when you hear the same voice all the time, it goes in one ear and out the other when you're a player.
I like to keep people guessing.
I often do things that surprise me, not to mention others.
I'm still very much a West Virginia boy. I haven't forgotten my roots, because that's really who I am.
I've always been someone who has been very driven. I think my circumstances, how I grew up, hard work and work ethic are absolutely vital to any success that people might have, regardless of what they might be doing.
Many people, men in particular, just can't not be active. I guess our minds demand that we seek other challenges.
For some reason, I always wanted to work in an environment where things weren't so good. I'm no messiah, but I always wanted to try and make a difference where a team hadn't prospered.
