American,Artist
Any tool can be used for good or bad. It's really the ethics of the artist using it.
Having been a cameraman, I think about, 'Well, if this was real, how would this be shot?' I try to inject as much realism as much as possible.
When I was a kid, one of my hobbies was as model-maker.
I've been lucky enough in my career to have opportunities to revisit things that meant a lot to me in childhood.
'Pacific Rim,' for me, was a chance to touch on those old Toho monster movies. 'Godzilla' and 'Rodan'... and then 'Ultraman' and 'Robotech' and all those kinds of things.
Reacting is so important to the craft of acting.
Eighty percent of my job is to ask the question, 'If this were real, what would it look like?'
When I was a kid, I built miniatures, and that was actually the first thing I did professionally in the film industry. It was a demonstrable skill that I had, so I worked as a model maker.
If you need to do a movie where you have an army of 10,000 soldiers, that's a very difficult thing to shoot for real. It's very expensive, but as computer graphics techniques make that cheaper, it'll be more possible to make pictures on an epic scale, which we haven't really seen since the '50s and '60s.
ILM was the first company that I had worked at that had a computer-graphics division.
I've always lived by the principle of find what you really enjoy doing and make it your career.
Life's too short to be spending all your waking hours doing something you're not excited about. And when people are that excited, you can see it in the work.
Often if a picture is in trouble one way or another, there are ways to salvage it, through reshoots or whatever.
You can hardly turn around and not see something that was done in Photoshop.
Almost everything I've been paid to do was something that was largely self-taught.
It's harder to get your second picture than it is to get your first one.
You have to do what the story demands, but inside of those constraints, I try to inject as much realistic physics as I'm allowed to.
When you are shooting traditional motion capture, it's a big footprint on set. There are, like, 16 cameras that are needed and constraints over the lighting.
In animation, you can often defer decisions or make changes later.
Ideally, you will never know that you're seeing a computer-generated car.
As soon as you take your hobby and make it into your profession, it sort of kills it as a hobby.
In high school and college, I'd set a bunch of goals for myself. I wanted to be the lead effects supervisor on one of these really big, innovative visual effects productions, something on the scale of a 'Star Wars' movie. And I wanted to work on a project that wins the Academy Award for best visual effects.
'Baby's Day Out' is maybe not a great movie, but... No, I've enjoyed and learned things from every project I've worked on. That was an important step in my career at ILM.
'Phantom Menace' was a huge project. It was the biggest visual effects production ever done at that point, and it was a little scary how big it was and how many unknown technologies had to be developed to do that work.
I have three daughters who grew up while I was working on the special editions and the prequels. They got to be big 'Star Wars' fans. And, you know, I would see them identifying with a lot of the male characters, and I just thought, 'Star Wars' could use more good strong female leads.'
It's part of the culture at ILM and at Lucasfilm that the work is better when you collaborate, you know. There's this culture of open exchange, a wonderful ego-free sharing of ideas and talent.
