German,Artist
Instead of art I have taught philosophy. Though technique for me is a big word, I never have taught how to paint. All my doing was to make people to see.
Traditionally art is to create and not to revive. To revive: leave that to the historians, who are looking backward.
Abstraction is real, probably more real than nature.
The aim of our studies is to prove that color is the most relative means of artistic expression, that we never really perceive what color is physically.
When I came from horizontal vertical straight all old stuff then suddenly I go also again in curved lines. And there I submit to changes in the intensity of my hand leading a tool, you see.
Ah, the creative process is the same secret in science as it is in art. They are all the same absolutely.
In visual perception a color is almost never seen as it really is - as it physically is. This fact makes color the most relative medium in art.
Simultaneous contrast is not just a curious optical phenomenon - it is the very heart of painting.
And I started with this: I have not painted at all my childhood. In fact, I never painted. But I helped my father who was a house painter and decorative painter. He made stage sets, he made glass paintings, he made everything.
Any ground subtracts its own hue from the colors which it carries and therefore influences.
Apprentice is the beginner - the first years you work in a craft in the European sense you are an apprentice. That takes 3 or 4 years. Then you are a journeyman. You can go from one master to another and learn other tricks and other secrets.
As basic rules of a language must be practiced continually, and therefore are never fixed, so exercises toward distinct color effects never are done or over. New and different cases will be discovered time and again.
I count all the time on resonance. I call on this, you see.
I have invented the Thermometer style.
I have taught my students not to apply rules or mechanical ways of seeing.
I love very much to draw animals.
I prefer to see with closed eyes.
I think Kandinsky and I were very near friends.
I was at the Royal Art School. That was a preparatory school specially for art teachers. You see, it was not so much for the development of artists. But we had there terribly stiff training.
I was for years in the yellow period, you know.
I went to the Academy and studied with Stuck who was then a big man. But didn't interest me. I didn't know that before me there was Kandinsky and Klee who had also studied with Stuck. He had a good name at that time.
I'm not a talker. I'm a formulator.
I've handled colour as a man should behave. You may conclude that I consider ethics and aesthetics as one.
If you don't do it my way, I suggest you commit suicide.
In Italy the artist is a god. Now if the artist is a god, the scientist is likewise a god.
It is not so for art in appreciation because art is concerned with human behavior. And science is concerned with the behavior of metal or energy. It depends on what the fashion is. Now today it's energy. It's the same soul behind it. The same soul, you see.
