Serbian,Artist
When I was 14, I thought I looked terrible. I wore these typical Slavic shoes with metal bottoms so you could always hear me coming and this really ugly princess skirt and blouse with the top button closed. I had a boy haircut, a baby face covered with pimples, and a really big nose.
Time is an illusion. Time only exists when we think about the past and the future. Time doesn't exist in the present here and now.
The function of the artist in a disturbed society is to give awareness of the universe, to ask the right questions, and to elevate the mind.
We are used to cleaning the outside house, but the most important house to clean is yourself - your own house - which we never do.
My mother and father had a terrible marriage. They celebrated their wedding anniversary one year with their friends. Why did they celebrate? Maybe because they had lasted so many years without killing each other.
Your ego can become an obstacle to your work. If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity.
I believe so much in the power of performance I don't want to convince people. I want them to experience it and come away convinced on their own.
Woody Allen has a wonderful line: 'Today I'm a star. What will I be tomorrow? A black hole?' That's very important to know - that you have the moment, then you lose the moment. You have to see your chances, you have to take them, and you also have to see when you don't have chances to take.
The hardest thing to do is something that is close to nothing.
The big problem of our modern society is that we feel that we are separated from the nature. But it's just the opposite. We are interrelated and our DNA is the same. And only when human beings understand that, the nature will not be obstacle.
When you have a nonverbal conversation with a total stranger, then he can't cover himself with words, he can't create a wall.
In my work I have complete control, but about my life, I don't want to.
Once you live in New York, you can't live anywhere else. Living in Paris is like going in slow motion. It's so bourgeois. I get so bored.
People put so much effort into starting a relationship and so little effort into ending one.
The world doesn't need an artist who shows reality as it is.
For me, performance is a holy ground. When I perform, I really step into a different state of consciousness.
We always project into the future or reflect in the past, but we are so little in the present.
If you do performance and music, it's not performance as music.
We are actually living in a million parallel realities every single minute.
We make such terrible mistakes with visual choices about beauty.
The most revolutionary ideas are not sellable, but only mind-changing.
I don't know anything about the afterlife because I haven't been there yet.
People ask why there are so few female artists who succeed. It's because women are not ready to sacrifice as much as men. Women want a man, they want a family, they want to have children, they want to be loved, and to be an artist. And they can't; it's impossible.
All my inspiration comes from life. That's how it never stops, in a way.
I really think there's no difference between an art piece made by a man and one made by a woman. Is it a good art piece or a bad art piece? Of course, if you're female, you're maybe dealing with different issues.
I am very clear that I am not a feminist. It puts you into a category and I don't like that.
Happiness is such a good state, it doesn't need to be creative. You're not creative from happiness, you're just happy. You're creative when you're miserable and depressed. You find the key to transform things. Happiness does not need to transform.
First of all, to do performance art, you really have to give 100 percent. I only know that I have to give 100 percent and then what happens, happens.
One of the most wonderful things for me is to watch somebody else perform, where I am the audience - I love this more than ever.
You know I very much respect Yvonne Rainer, she is very important - in American dance, the entire development of modern dance, and creating a wonderful physical language.
I didn't get paid for performances most of my life. If I did, I would be billionaire now, and I'm not.
You see, what is my purpose of performance artist is to stage certain difficulties and stage the fear the primordial fear of pain, of dying, all of which we have in our lives, and then stage them in front of audience and go through them and tell the audience, 'I'm your mirror; if I can do this in my life, you can do it in yours.'
In real life, you just work for the ordinary self, but in the front of audience you become the superself. That's a completely different thing.
I was friends with Susan Sontag the last four years of her life. She had this amazing charisma and so much energy, but she had a sad little funeral in Montparnasse in Paris. It was rainy. It was all wrong. And I was thinking, 'God, she loved life so much.'
Most of the time, the artists are not supposed to wear the fashion. It is always seen as a vanity. But I think I don't need to prove anything in my life. I can honestly say I love fashion and I can be many things at the same time.
You know, art is very emotional business. But mostly it becomes not emotional, the fabric of commodity. It becomes business. It becomes so many different things. Because we forgot there was emotions involved.
I think 21st century should be art without objects.
I believe the artist has an obligation to society.
Americans don't like European movies.
My grandmother, when she looked at American movies, she said, 'They're all the same. In the first scene somebody shoots somebody and then everybody makes phone calls.'
When people ask me where I am from I never say, 'Serbia.' I always say, 'I come from a country that no longer exists.'
Even now, I have traces of the good little girl. When I am not performing, for instance, I am really very quiet and ordinary.
I hate kitchens. I don't understand these enormous American kitchens that take up half the living room and then they just order pizza.
Artists should never think of themselves as an idol. Fame is a side effect of one's work.
I notice if I'm too fat or if I'm too ugly or there's skin hanging or whatever. When my clothes start not fitting, I get really self-conscious about what I eat.
With classical ballet you are literally injuring yourself.
In America, everyone's always hiding their age.
I'm interested in utopian communities of the past. Many of them didn't survive and I'm examining closely the reasons they failed.
In every ancient culture, there are rituals to mortify the body as a way of understanding that the energy of the soul is indestructible.
The mind is crazy thing. To be focused is the most difficult thing.
To control the breathing is to control the mind. With different patterns of breathing, you can fall in love, you can hate someone, you can feel the whole spectrum of feelings just by changing your breathing.
I believe that life is shorter; that is why we have to make experience longer.
I don't do husbands. I don't do children.
I really don't like art where you need to know so much theory to understand. If the theory is removed, it doesn't do anything. That means that this work is an illustration of theory, and I don't believe in the power of the work itself.
From the moment you are born, you could die. I think as an artist it is important to meditate on that.
You know, everyone is always talking about plastic surgery, or the technology, what to do. I really think it's important to help yourself with the technology if you want to feel better, but I am absolutely against any kind of monstrous cuts of the body, lifting that is beyond recognition, this kind of stuff.
You know, James Franco is one of the most interesting figures because he has no rules. He breaks all the borders.
I'm interested in asking: 'What does feminine energy mean?' I don't have answers - I just have questions and interesting examples.
I want to dominate the man's world.
So many artists say they're not aware of audience. For me is unbelievable.
People in New York never have time for anything.
When Lady Gaga says I am her inspiration, you reach kids between 12 and 18. Now I am like a brand - jeans, Coca-Cola.
I am not a therapist. I am not a spiritual leader. These elements are in the art: it is therapeutic, spiritual, social and political - everything. It has many layers. But art has to have many layers. If it doesn't, then forget it.
I used to have a recurring dream where I was at a party in a country house, surrounded by the same people each evening. Everyone would be singing and dancing and after a while I came to know the people; though, of course, they never really existed.
Being an artist is not easy - I have always said that to the students I have taught over the years. It's a huge sacrifice.
An artist should not fall in love with another artist.
I had a very difficult relationship with my mother. She used to wake me up in the middle of the night if I wasn't sleeping straight and was messing up the sheets. Now when I stay in hotels I sleep so straight they don't even think I've used the bed.
It's very important that young artists push boundaries, because sometimes you have this urge to do something - like the impulsive and dangerous urges I had as a child - and if you don't follow through with it you might miss out on a developmental experience.
I test the limits of myself in order to transform myself, but I also take the energy from the audience and transform it.
