Spanish,Artist
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
Surrealism is destructive, but it destroys only what it considers to be shackles limiting our vision.
There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad.
I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
Mistakes are almost always of a sacred nature. Never try to correct them. On the contrary: rationalize them, understand them thoroughly. After that, it will be possible for you to sublimate them.
Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction.
The difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look the most real, the most brilliant.
Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality.
We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
Take me, I am the drug; take me, I am hallucinogenic.
Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret.
In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.
It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.
Let my enemies devour each other.
I do not paint a portrait to look like the subject, rather does the person grow to look like his portrait.
Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die.
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
The first man to compare the cheeks of a young woman to a rose was obviously a poet; the first to repeat it was possibly an idiot.
What is a television apparatus to man, who has only to shut his eyes to see the most inaccessible regions of the seen and the never seen, who has only to imagine in order to pierce through walls and cause all the planetary Baghdads of his dreams to rise from the dust.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
