English,Artist
When you don't have children you have to define and make your own purpose, and make your own reason for being here.
I thought it would be my one and only exhibition, so I decided to call it My Major Retrospective.
I want to spend my life with someone and do nice things and go on adventures, read books and have nice food and celebrate things. I don't want to spend the rest of my life in the bedroom like some people who just go to bed and never get out again.
I am fiercely independent and I probably wouldn't be if it wasn't for the way in which I was brought up.
I really love animals. My cat is my little soul mate. He's not just a cat, he's my friend.
It's happened time and time again, but the committee has always decided against it-the work was too conservative or didn't fit within the budget; there are millions of different reasons.
People try constantly to use me, and I hate it.
The idea that I'm going to have to sit down to write some fiction where I'm going to have to think of a plot would really scare me, because it would come out a mess.
A man doesn't know what it's like to be a woman; it's that simple.
I'm not trying to find another thing that's wrong with me, but I'm such a nice person, and I have a couple of drinks and I'm really good fun and then I'm really not fun.
What is truth? Truth doesn't really exist. Who is going to judge whether my experience of an incident is more valid than yours? No one can be trusted to be the judge of that.
I know I'm supposed to say ageing doesn't bother me, then suddenly you're like, 'Yeah, I care about it, I really worry about it. I'm getting old. I'm old!'
I don't ask for an apology because it's only tomorrow's fish-and-chip paper.
I never grew up.
It pleases me that people can be interactive.
There's different kinds of love, and I'd never experienced that kind of totally platonic love. All the love I've experienced has always been a kind of deal, and now, as I get older, I realise that there's this other love out there.
One thing about an artist, it doesn't matter how much your work sells for in your life, it's going to sell for ten times more than that after you're dead, and that's what you have to protect.
All the mistakes I've ever made in my life have been when I've been drunk. I haven't made hardly any mistakes sober, ever, ever.
I have hardly any friends who aren't gay.
I'm out of here, I'm better than all of you.
I've been slagged off completely by the art world.
I've got over so much. Mum wouldn't want anything to come into my life that would make me fragile again.
If I didn't want to work for a couple of years, I wouldn't have to-it's a great feeling, to know I'm doing it because I want to do it.
It wasn't so much destroying my dancing, it was destroying me.
It's my memory, and what happened between that moment 10 or 15 years ago and now, there's a lot of gray area.
Maybe I don't believe things myself, as well. Truth is such a transient thing.
