Serbian,Athlete
Building a solid foundation in the early years of a child's life will not only help him or her reach their reach their full potential but will also result in better societies as a whole.
The tradition in Serbia has always been team sports - football, basketball, handball, volleyball and water polo, individual sports are not supported.
In my case, I can sincerely say that nothing is impossible... When I was saying I want to be No. 1 of the world, and I was seven or eight years old, most of the people were laughing at me because it seems like I have one percent of chances to do that, and I've done it.
Tennis is a mental game. Everyone is fit, everyone hits great forehands and backhands.
I'm a happy man, because I am successful in what I do, of course; but what makes me most happy is I have people around me that I love and who love me back. This, for me, is the most important thing. Nobody likes to be alone.
All children have rights and those rights must be protected.
In terms of playing ability there is nothing to choose between number one and 100. Instead, it's a question of who believes and who wants it more? Which player is mentally stronger? Which player is going to fight the hardest in the big points? These are the things that determine who is the champion.
My nutritionist has done a great job in changing my diet after we established I am allergic to things like gluten - I can't eat pizza, pasta and bread. I have lost some weight, but my movement is sharper and I feel great.
Joking around is part of my personality, just who I am.
I like my groundstrokes, I can say. I like it. That's my game - I'm a groundstroke player and I play pretty aggressive.
I always try to have something that keeps my mind relaxed, keeps my mind a little bit off tennis.
Even though now I'm pretty popular in my country and tennis is the No. 1 sport, and I'm very flattered that the people recognise me and come up and give me compliments, I'm more a person who likes to have privacy and peace.
I'm trying to enjoy my lie as much as I can and I know that tennis hopefully is going to be my life the next 10, 15 years.
Not everybody can like what I do, and if you feel that somebody is coming up closer to you and starting the rivalry and everything, you maybe change your position to him.
My mother is a special story. She went through so much to bring us up, four men at home, especially when our country was going through really difficult times.
I am very skinny.
I am fast and very powerful on the court, so this is what matters.
Tennis players we're always playing in center courts that feel like arenas. And when we get on the court and the crowd cheers your name or salutes you - it's like you're a gladiator in the arena. And everyone is cheering - and you're fighting, you're screaming, during your strokes - it feels like you're an animal, fighting for your life.
Serbian history tells that the family is the most important thing and you have to stick with the family.
The history of our country is cruel. We have to face those issues or, should I say, we had to. Not anymore I hope, because we are going in the right direction, and we are ready to forgive, ready to move on.
I want the same thing I've wanted since I was 7 years old. I want to be No. 1.
It's interesting that I had such a close relationship with my grandfather. Because your parents always judge you: they say, 'You shouldn't do this, you shouldn't do that.' But with your grandparents you have a feeling that you can say anything or you can do anything, and they will support you. That's why you have this kind of connection.
My grandfather went through a lot in his life.
It's always easier if you have the support of your family, if you're not alone. I came from a country that has been through a lot of troubles in the last 20 to 30 years, but we have been through them together.
My father had never watched tennis, never liked tennis too much. He said, 'OK, we buy a racket, we watch together,' because we didn't know anything. It was a process of learning together that made it more interesting.
The confidence is there, the game is there, but physically you can't fight nature sometimes. You can't do much about it.
I want to help children in Serbia and around the world so they can realize their dreams.
What I learned as a young child continues to have a tremendous impact on my life today.
I had a unique privilege to have a good start in life and a chance to develop my talents.
Those born into poverty or on the margins of society require our extra support to realize their dreams.
I think luck falls on not just the brave but also the ones who believe they belong there.
I stopped thinking too much about what could happen and relied on my physical and mental strength to play the right shots at the right time.
People look up to me as somebody who is able to switch the image of our country from negative to positive.
I have been through two wars in my 24 years, and I know what it's like to be without anything, to see the bombs flying above your head.
I cannot guarantee anything.
Honestly, I'm not a big fan of baseball.
And when I was saying I want to become number one of the world and I was 7, 8 years old, most of the people were laughing to me. Because you know, it seemed like I have one percent chances to do that. And I've done it.
But, it's because we have a harder way to succeed in life as Serbs because of the past that we had and because of the history that we had. We have to dig deeper and we have to do much more in order to be seen and to be spotted.
