Trinidadian,Journalist
After World War I the resentment of the working class against all that it had to suffer was directed more against Morgan, Wall Street and private capital than the government.
It is in revolutionary periods that the culmination of previous trends and the beginning of new ones appear.
Technological discoveries are the spermatozoa of social change.
The country has undergone a profound social upheaval, the greatest the proletariat has ever known.
In the last quarter of the eighteenth century bourgeois Europe needed to emancipate itself from that combination of feudalism and commercial capitalism which we know as mercantilism.
All the world has been converted and Washington is the modem Mecca.
It is over one hundred years since the abolition of slavery. The Negro people in the United States have taken plenty and they have reached a stage where they have decided that they are not going to take any more.
The most striking development of the great depression of 1929 is a profound skepticism of the future of contemporary society among large sections of the American people.
The late development of mass industrial organization in the United States has both stimulated and retarded the political development of the American working class.
In World War II the hostility and the exasperation resulting from the statification of the economy and the strain of the war have been directed as much against the government as against private capital.
One of the surest signs of the estimated changes in the consciousness of the American proletariat is to be found in the character of the demands now being put forward by the leadership.
The international proletariat first appeared on the scene in the early Thirties of the nineteenth century, and its first great action was the French Revolution of 1848.
Today, in American imperialism, the commodity has reached its most grandiose historical manifestation.
All peoples are entangled in the net of the world market.
Imperialist enterprise draws political consequences.
It is not only that Germany has been defeated in the war, Kaiser Wilhelm's Germany was defeated.
As the class struggle sharpens in the U.S. Marxism will come into its own as a great popular study.
The Paris Commune was first and foremost a democracy. The government was a body elected by universal suffrage.
First of all, Bolshevism represents revolution and the revolutionary struggle.
Capitalism has socialized production. It has brought thousands of people together in the factory and involved them in new social relationships.
The home stands in contrast to all other capitalist institutions as the last stronghold of pre-capitalist isolation.
The antagonisms between men and women express themselves in the most delicate phase of their life together - in their sexual relationship.
Today we ought to be able to see first that Booker T. Washington faced a situation in which he was seeking desperately for a way out, and he could see no way out except capitulation.
Du Bois marked a great stage in the history of Negro struggles when he said that Negroes could no longer accept the subordination which Booker T. Washington had preached.
I may as well say it, I have been married three times.
My father was a teacher, and there were teachers all around, his friends, they were working for the Government and their behaviour was within strictly limited areas.
