American,Poet
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.
Every cloud has its silver lining but it is sometimes a little difficult to get it to the mint.
Prohibition makes you want to cry into your beer and denies you the beer to cry into.
Writing a book of poetry is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
By the time a bartender knows what drink a man will have before he orders, there is little else about him worth knowing.
An idea isn't responsible for the people who believe in it.
When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work, ask him: 'Whose?'
A hypocrite is a person who - but who isn't?
Punctuality is one of the cardinal business virtues: always insist on it in your subordinates.
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists.
Happiness is the interval between periods of unhappiness.
Fishing is a delusion entirely surrounded by liars in old clothes.
A demagogue is a person with whom we disagree as to which gang should mismanage the country.
The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race is the human race.
In order to influence a child, one must be careful not to be that child's parent or grandparent.
One of the most important things to remember about infant care is: don't change diapers in midstream.
Successful people are the ones who think up things for the rest of the world to keep busy at.
It takes all sorts of people to make the underworld.
Of middle age the best that can be said is that a middle-aged person has likely learned how to have a little fun in spite of his troubles.
A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
In all systems of theology the devil figures as a male person. Yes, it is women who keep the church going.
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
Man cannot be uplifted; he must be seduced into virtue.
Fate often puts all the material for happiness and prosperity into a man's hands just to see how miserable he can make himself with them.
