Greek,Poet
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
Silence is true wisdom's best reply.
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
Danger gleams like sunshine to a brave man's eyes.
The greatest pleasure of life is love.
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow.
Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing.
Leave no stone unturned.
No one is truly free, they are a slave to wealth, fortune, the law, or other people restraining them from acting according to their will.
Impudence is the worst of all human diseases.
Human misery must somewhere have a stop; there is no wind that always blows a storm.
When a man's stomach is full it makes no difference whether he is rich or poor.
Lucky that man whose children make his happiness in life and not his grief, the anguished disappointment of his hopes.
Much effort, much prosperity.
Do not plan for ventures before finishing what's at hand.
There is the sky, which is all men's together.
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them; he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
Silver and gold are not the only coin; virtue too passes current all over the world.
Love makes the time pass. Time makes love pass.
It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband.
Do not consider painful what is good for you.
The best of seers is he who guesses well.
Authority is never without hate.
Better a serpent than a stepmother!
Chance fights ever on the side of the prudent.
Luckier than one's neighbor, but still not happy.
The lucky person passes for a genius.
In misfortune, which friend remains a friend?
Ignorance of one's misfortunes is clear gain.
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err.
The wavering mind is but a base possession.
New faces have more authority than accustomed ones.
No one is happy all his life long.
But learn that to die is a debt we must all pay.
Some wisdom you must learn from one who's wise.
