Norwegian,Poet
A forest bird never wants a cage.
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.
The spectacles of experience; through them you will see clearly a second time.
The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society.
The strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone.
Castles in the air - they are so easy to take refuge in. And so easy to build too.
Your home is regarded as a model home, your life as a model life. But all this splendor, and you along with it... it's just as though it were built upon a shifting quagmire. A moment may come, a word can be spoken, and both you and all this splendor will collapse.
These heroes of finance are like beads on a string; when one slips off, all the rest follow.
The devil is compromise.
A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it.
The worst enemy of truth and freedom in our society is the compact majority.
The majority is always wrong; the minority is rarely right.
Do not use that foreign word 'ideals.' We have that excellent native word 'lies.'
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society.
It is inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their experiments on journalists and politicians.
A minority may be right, and a majority is always wrong.
Never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and truth.
What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!
One of the qualities of liberty is that, as long as it is being striven after, it goes on expanding. Therefore, the man who stands in the midst of the struggle and says, 'I have it,' merely shows by doing so that he has just lost it.
I'm afraid for all those who'll have the bread snatched from their mouths by these machines. What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!
Don't use that foreign word 'ideals.' We have that excellent native word 'lies.'
Really to sin you have to be serious about it.
Marriage! Nothing else demands so much of a man.
The man whom God wills to slay in the struggle of life - he first individualizes.
Home life ceases to be free and beautiful as soon as it is founded on borrowing and debt.
