Roman,Poet
A picture is a poem without words.
Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans. It is lovely to be silly at the right moment.
The pen is the tongue of the mind.
Nothing's beautiful from every point of view.
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
Don't think, just do.
Fidelity is the sister of justice.
It is the false shame of fools to try to conceal wounds that have not healed.
He who postpones the hour of living is like the rustic who waits for the river to run out before he crosses.
The lofty pine is oftenest shaken by the winds; High towers fall with a heavier crash; And the lightning strikes the highest mountain.
Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings.
It is courage, courage, courage, that raises the blood of life to crimson splendor. Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity.
Your own safety is at stake when your neighbor's wall is ablaze.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
The foolish are like ripples on water, For whatsoever they do is quickly effaced; But the righteous are like carvings upon stone, For their smallest act is durable.
Anger is a short madness.
Time will bring to light whatever is hidden; it will cover up and conceal what is now shining in splendor.
He who would begun has half done. Dare to be wise; begin.
Seize the day, and put the least possible trust in tomorrow.
Life is largely a matter of expectation.
Great effort is required to arrest decay and restore vigor. One must exercise proper deliberation, plan carefully before making a move, and be alert in guarding against relapse following a renaissance.
Always keep your composure. You can't score from the penalty box; and to win, you have to score.
Cease to inquire what the future has in store, and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth.
You traverse the world in search of happiness, which is within the reach of every man. A contented mind confers it on all.
What we learn only through the ears makes less impression upon our minds than what is presented to the trustworthy eye.
It is a sweet and seemly thing to die for one's country.
Knowledge without education is but armed injustice.
The envious man grows lean at the success of his neighbor.
Whatever advice you give, be short.
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone.
He has the deed half done who has made a beginning.
Only a stomach that rarely feels hungry scorns common things.
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
Pale death, with impartial step, knocks at the hut of the poor and the towers of kings.
Few cross the river of time and are able to reach non-being. Most of them run up and down only on this side of the river. But those who when they know the law follow the path of the law, they shall reach the other shore and go beyond the realm of death.
Who then is free? The wise man who can command himself.
Let your literary compositions be kept from the public eye for nine years at least.
I never think at all when I write. Nobody can do two things at the same time and do them both well.
Money is a handmaiden, if thou knowest how to use it; a mistress, if thou knowest not.
The one who cannot restrain their anger will wish undone, what their temper and irritation prompted them to do.
He tosses aside his paint-pots and his words a foot and a half long.
Leave the rest to the gods.
Usually the modest person passes for someone reserved, the silent for a sullen person.
It is your business when the wall next door catches fire.
O imitators, you slavish herd!
When things are steep, remember to stay level-headed.
If matters go badly now, they will not always be so.
We are just statistics, born to consume resources.
We are often deterred from crime by the disgrace of others.
He gains everyone's approval who mixes the pleasant with the useful.
Fortune makes a fool of those she favors too much.
If a man's fortune does not fit him, it is like the shoe in the story; if too large it trips him up, if too small it pinches him.
We are free to yield to truth.
Undeservedly you will atone for the sins of your fathers.
He is armed without who is innocent within, be this thy screen, and this thy wall of brass.
I teach that all men are mad.
A good and faithful judge ever prefers the honorable to the expedient.
He has not lived badly whose birth and death has been unnoticed by the world.
Subdue your passion or it will subdue you.
Clogged with yesterday's excess, the body drags the mind down with it.
Why harass with eternal purposes a mind to weak to grasp them?
Every old poem is sacred.
Poets wish to profit or to please.
The man is either mad, or he is making verses.
The disgrace of others often keeps tender minds from vice.
It is of no consequence of what parents a man is born, as long as he be a man of merit.
A word once uttered can never be recalled.
Words will not fail when the matter is well considered.
Labor diligently to increase your property.
Good sense is both the first principal and the parent source of good writing.
It is no great art to say something briefly when, like Tacitus, one has something to say; when one has nothing to say, however, and none the less writes a whole book and makes truth into a liar - that I call an achievement.
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water drinkers.
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
No verse can give pleasure for long, nor last, that is written by drinkers of water.
A word, once sent abroad, flies irrevocably.
In adversity remember to keep an even mind.
If you would have me weep, you must first of all feel grief yourself.
The power of daring anything their fancy suggest, as always been conceded to the painter and the poet.
Choose a subject equal to your abilities; think carefully what your shoulders may refuse, and what they are capable of bearing.
This is a fault common to all singers, that among their friends they will never sing when they are asked; unasked, they will never desist.
I strive to be brief but I become obscure.
A host is like a general: calamities often reveal his genius.
To have a great man for a friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it; those who have, fear it.
