Irish,Poet
We get wise by asking questions, and even if these are not answered, we get wise, for a well-packed question carries its answer on its back as a snail carries its shell.
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
Quietness is the beginning of virtue. To be silent is to be beautiful. Stars do not make a noise.
Let the past be content with itself, for man needs forgetfulness as well as memory.
A sword, a spade, and a thought should never be allowed to rust.
When a woman speaks to a man about the love she feels for another man, she is not liked.
What the heart knows today the head will understand tomorrow.
Originality does not consist in saying what no one has ever said before, but in saying exactly what you think yourself.
Chaos is the first condition. Order is the first law. Continuity is the first reflection. Quietude is the first happiness.
A Leprecaun without a pot of gold is like a rose without perfume, a bird without a wing, or an inside without an outside.
Finality is death. Perfection is finality. Nothing is perfect. There are lumps in it.
Sleep is an excellent way of listening to an opera.
Men come of age at sixty, women at fifteen.
You must be fit to give before you can be fit to receive.
A woman is a branchy tree and man a singing wind; and from her branches carelessly he takes what he can find.
Women and birds are able to see without turning their heads, and that is indeed a necessary provision for they are both surrounded by enemies.
A secret is a weapon and a friend.
By having much, you are fitted to have more.
To understand the theory which underlies all things is not sufficient. Theory is but the preparation for practice.
Women are stronger than men - they do not die of wisdom.
We are washed both on coming into the world and on going out of it, and we take no pleasure from the first washing nor any profit from the last.
Any fool can wash himself, but every wise man knows that it is an unnecessary labour, for nature will quickly reduce him to a natural and healthy dirtiness again.
Life runs to death as its goal, and we should go towards that next stage of experience either carelessly as to what must be, or with a good, honest curiosity as to what may be.
A man and a woman may become quite intimate in a quarter of an hour. Almost certainly will they endeavour to explain themselves to each other before many minutes have elapsed; but a man and a man will not do this, and even less so will a woman and a woman, for these are parallel lines which will never meet.
The mysteries of death and birth occupy women far more than is the case with men, to whom political and mercantile speculations are more congenial.
If men understood domestic economy half as well as women do, then their political economy and their entire consequent statecraft would not be the futil muddle which it is.
