German,Poet
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
Nature knows no pause in progress and development, and attaches her curse on all inaction.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Personality is everything in art and poetry.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image.
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen.
There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings.
There is nothing insignificant in the world. It all depends on the point of view.
Divide and rule, the politician cries; unite and lead, is watchword of the wise.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home.
All theory, dear friend, is gray, but the golden tree of life springs ever green.
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
Life is the childhood of our immortality.
If your treat an individual... as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
I call architecture frozen music.
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm... in the real world all rests on perseverance.
Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest.
Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
A man's manners are a mirror in which he shows his portrait.
There is a courtesy of the heart; it is allied to love. From its springs the purest courtesy in the outward behavior.
A person hears only what they understand.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Error is acceptable as long as we are young; but one must not drag it along into old age.
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
Precaution is better than cure.
To create something you must be something.
Certain defects are necessary for the existence of individuality.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
The mediator of the inexpressible is the work of art.
One cannot develop taste from what is of average quality but only from the very best.
To rule is easy, to govern difficult.
No one would talk much in society if they knew how often they misunderstood others.
There is nothing in the world more shameful than establishing one's self on lies and fables.
Self-knowledge comes from knowing other men.
We will burn that bridge when we come to it.
Destiny grants us our wishes, but in its own way, in order to give us something beyond our wishes.
A clever man commits no minor blunders.
If children grew up according to early indications, we should have nothing but geniuses.
Few people have the imagination for reality.
The most happy man is he who knows how to bring into relation the end and beginning of his life.
Devote each day to the object then in time and every evening will find something done.
Mysteries are not necessarily miracles.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
Character, in great and little things, means carrying through what you feel able to do.
Who is the most sensible person? The one who finds what is to their own advantage in all that happens to them.
He who does not think much of himself is much more esteemed than he imagines.
It is the strange fate of man, that even in the greatest of evils the fear of the worst continues to haunt him.
Those who hope for no other life are dead even for this.
Passions are vices or virtues to their highest powers.
No one has ever learned fully to know themselves.
Know thyself? If I knew myself I would run away.
Who is the wisest man? He who neither knows or wishes for anything else than what happens.
Wisdom is found only in truth.
This is the highest wisdom that I own; freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.
The decline of literature indicates the decline of a nation.
An unused life is an early death.
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again.
Sowing is not as difficult as reaping.
The man who occupies the first place seldom plays the principal part.
He who possesses art and science has religion; he who does not possess them, needs religion.
Hatred is something peculiar. You will always find it strongest and most violent where there is the lowest degree of culture.
What is important in life is life, and not the result of life.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
One can be instructed in society, one is inspired only in solitude.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words.
The biggest problem with every art is by the use of appearance to create a loftier reality.
Wood burns because it has the proper stuff in it; and a man becomes famous because he has the proper stuff in him.
Piety is not a goal but a means to attain through the purest peace of mind the highest culture.
There is nothing in which people more betray their character than in what they laugh at.
Live dangerously and you live right.
He is dead in this world who has no belief in another.
Be generous with kindly words, especially about those who are absent.
I can tell you, honest friend, what to believe: believe life; it teaches better that book or orator.
Man is made by his belief. As he believes, so he is.
Nothing shows a man's character more than what he laughs at.
If a man writes a book, let him set down only what he knows. I have guesses enough of my own.
A person places themselves on a level with the ones they praise.
Nothing is to be rated higher than the value of the day.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
The deed is everything, the glory is naught.
On all the peaks lies peace.
Doubt grows with knowledge.
The right man is the one who seizes the moment.
It is better to be deceived by one's friends than to deceive them.
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
Objects in pictures should so be arranged as by their very position to tell their own story.
Character is formed in the stormy billows of the world.
To witness two lovers is a spectacle for the gods.
Letters are among the most significant memorial a person can leave behind them.
Hatred is active, and envy passive dislike; there is but one step from envy to hate.
The hardest thing to see is what is in front of your eyes.
Every author in some way portrays himself in his works, even if it be against his will.
He who enjoys doing and enjoys what he has done is happy.
Everybody wants to be somebody; nobody wants to grow.
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time.
He who has a task to perform must know how to take sides, or he is quite unworthy of it.
Talent develops in quiet places, character in the full current of human life.
One always has time enough, if one will apply it well.
We don't get to know people when they come to us; we must go to them to find out what they are like.
I do not know myself, and God forbid that I should.
The little man is still a man.
Deeply earnest and thoughtful people stand on shaky footing with the public.
We usually lose today, because there has been a yesterday, and tomorrow is coming.
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
Age merely shows what children we remain.
What life half gives a man, posterity gives entirely.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
What by a straight path cannot be reached by crooked ways is never won.
If a man or woman is born ten years sooner or later, their whole aspect and performance shall be different.
Thinking is more interesting than knowing, but less interesting than looking.
Everything in the world may be endured except continual prosperity.
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.
What is uttered from the heart alone, Will win the hearts of others to your own.
Only by joy and sorrow does a person know anything about themselves and their destiny. They learn what to do and what to avoid.
I never knew a more presumptuous person than myself. The fact that I say that shows that what I say is true.
Nothing is more fearful than imagination without taste.
The Christian religion, though scattered and abroad will in the end gather itself together at the foot of the cross.
Do not give in too much to feelings. A overly sensitive heart is an unhappy possession on this shaky earth.
We are never further from what we wish than when we believe that we have what we wished for.
All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is all my own.
Every step of life shows much caution is required.
For just when ideas fail, a word comes in to save the situation.
All things are only transitory.
Love can do much, but duty more.
Be above it! Make the world serve your purpose, but do not serve it.
Science arose from poetry... when times change the two can meet again on a higher level as friends.
If God had wanted me otherwise, He would have created me otherwise.
To appreciate the noble is a gain which can never be torn from us.
Death is a commingling of eternity with time; in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.
I think that I am better than the people who are trying to reform me.
Talk well of the absent whenever you have the opportunity.
First and last, what is demanded of genius is love of truth.
A noble person attracts noble people, and knows how to hold on to them.
A correct answer is like an affectionate kiss.
We can't form our children on our own concepts; we must take them and love them as God gives them to us.
If you modestly enjoy your fame you are not unworthy to rank with the holy.
Whatever you cannot understand, you cannot possess.
If you start to think of your physical and moral condition, you usually find that you are sick.
Girls we love for what they are; young men for what they promise to be.
The people who are absent are the ideal; those who are present seem to be quite commonplace.
Men show their character in nothing more clearly than what they think laughable.
The formation of one's character ought to be everyone's chief aim.
A creation of importance can only be produced when its author isolates himself, it is a child of solitude.
A useless life is an early death.
Unlike grown ups, children have little need to deceive themselves.
I will listen to anyone's convictions, but pray keep your doubts to yourself.
Mastery passes often for egotism.
It seems to never occur to fools that merit and good fortune are closely united.
Happiness is a ball after which we run wherever it rolls, and we push it with our feet when it stops.
The unnatural, that too is natural.
To hard necessity ones will and fancy must conform.
Upon the creatures we have made, we are, ourselves, at last, dependent.
Every person above the ordinary has a certain mission that they are called to fulfill.
To the person with a firm purpose all men and things are servants.
What is my life if I am no longer useful to others.
The credit of advancing science has always been due to individuals and never to the age.
We always have time enough, if we will but use it aright.
The world remains ever the same.
In art the best is good enough.
It is in self-limitation that a master first shows himself.
We cannot fashion our children after our desires, we must have them and love them as God has given them to us.
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Whoever wishes to keep a secret must hide the fact that he possesses one.
Where is the man who has the strength to be true, and to show himself as he is?
Go to foreign countries and you will get to know the good things one possesses at home.
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.
Music is either sacred or secular. The sacred agrees with its dignity, and here has its greatest effect on life, an effect that remains the same through all ages and epochs. Secular music should be cheerful throughout.
That I be not as those are who spend the day in complaining of headache and the night in drinking the wine which gives the headache!
