English,Poet
Beware the fury of a patient man.
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.
He who would search for pearls must dive below.
Words are but pictures of our thoughts.
Boldness is a mask for fear, however great.
When I consider life, it is all a cheat. Yet fooled with hope, people favor this deceit.
All things are subject to decay and when fate summons, monarchs must obey.
And love's the noblest frailty of the mind.
Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own; he who, secure within, can say, tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.
Only man clogs his happiness with care, destroying what is with thoughts of what may be.
Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray; Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun.
For they conquer who believe they can.
Genius must be born, and never can be taught.
Great wits are sure to madness near allied, and thin partitions do their bounds divide.
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
Look around the inhabited world; how few know their own good, or knowing it, pursue.
But far more numerous was the herd of such, Who think too little, and who talk too much.
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten.
Love is love's reward.
To die is landing on some distant shore.
For truth has such a face and such a mien, as to be loved needs only to be seen.
War is the trade of Kings.
You see through love, and that deludes your sight, As what is straight seems crooked through the water.
Let grace and goodness be the principal loadstone of thy affections. For love which hath ends, will have an end; whereas that which is founded on true virtue, will always continue.
Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul.
If you be pungent, be brief; for it is with words as with sunbeams - the more they are condensed the deeper they burn.
The first is the law, the last prerogative.
Love is not in our choice but in our fate.
Dancing is the poetry of the foot.
Forgiveness to the injured does belong; but they ne'er pardon who have done wrong.
Death in itself is nothing; but we fear to be we know not what, we know not where.
Self-defence is Nature's eldest law.
All heiresses are beautiful.
Either be wholly slaves or wholly free.
Even victors are by victories undone.
Repentance is but want of power to sin.
