German,Poet
Where there is politics or economics, there is no morality.
Combine the extremes, and you will have the true center.
Mysteries are feminine; they like to veil themselves but still want to be seen and divined.
A family can develop only with a loving woman as its center.
When reason and unreason come into contact, an electrical shock occurs. This is called polemics.
Irony is a clear consciousness of an eternal agility, of the infinitely abundant chaos.
Every uneducated person is a caricature of himself.
Many a witty inspiration is like the surprising reunion of befriended thoughts after a long separation.
What is called good society is usually nothing but a mosaic of polished caricatures.
Versatility of education can be found in our best poetry, but the depth of mankind should be found in the philosopher.
A definition of poetry can only determine what poetry should be and not what poetry actually was and is; otherwise the most concise formula would be: Poetry is that which at some time and some place was thus named.
Mathematics is, as it were, a sensuous logic, and relates to philosophy as do the arts, music, and plastic art to poetry.
There is no self-knowledge but an historical one. No one knows what he himself is who does not know his fellow men, especially the most prominent one of the community, the master's master, the genius of the age.
The poetry of this one is called philosophical, of that one philological, of a third rhetorical, and so on. Which is then the poetic poetry?
What is lost in the good or excellent translation is precisely the best.
Ideas are infinite, original, and lively divine thoughts.
Irony is the form of paradox. Paradox is what is good and great at the same time.
Like Leibniz's possible worlds, most men are only equally entitled pretenders to existence. There are few existences.
Art and works of art do not make an artist; sense and enthusiasm and instinct do.
One has only as much morality as one has philosophy and poetry.
It is peculiar to mankind to transcend mankind.
He who has religion will speak poetry. But philosophy is the tool with which to seek and discover religion.
A so-called happy marriage corresponds to love as a correct poem to an improvised song.
What men are among the other formations of the earth, artists are among men.
An artist is he for whom the goal and center of life is to form his mind.
Wit is an explosion of the compound spirit.
As the ancient commander addressed his soldiers before battle, so should the moralist speak to men in the struggle of the era.
Virtue is reason which has become energy.
Women do not have as great a need for poetry because their own essence is poetry.
The historian is a prophet looking backward.
In the world of language, or in other words in the world of art and liberal education, religion necessarily appears as mythology or as Bible.
Morality without a sense of paradox is mean.
How many authors are there among writers? Author means originator.
A critic is a reader who ruminates. Thus, he should have more than one stomach.
Since philosophy now criticizes everything it comes across, a critique of philosophy would be nothing less than a just reprisal.
Set religion free, and a new humanity will begin.
Reason is mechanical, wit chemical, and genius organic spirit.
Every good man progressively becomes God. To become God, to be man, and to educate oneself, are expressions that are synonymous.
Novels tend to end as the Paternoster begins: with the kingdom of God on earth.
An aphorism ought to be entirely isolated from the surrounding world like a little work of art and complete in itself like a hedgehog.
A priest is he who lives solely in the realm of the invisible, for whom all that is visible has only the truth of an allegory.
Kant introduced the concept of the negative into philosophy. Would it not also be worthwhile to try to introduce the concept of the positive into philosophy?
Duty is for Kant the One and All. Out of the duty of gratitude, he claims, one has to defend and esteem the ancients; and only out of duty has he become a great man.
All men are somewhat ridiculous and grotesque, just because they are men; and in this respect artists might well be regarded as man multiplied by two. So it is, was, and shall be.
Nothing truly convincing - which would possess thoroughness, vigor, and skill - has been written against the ancients as yet; especially not against their poetry.
The difference between religion and morality lies simply in the classical division of things into the divine and the human, if one only interprets this correctly.
The German national character is a favorite subject of character experts, probably because the less mature a nation, the more she is an object of criticism and not of history.
Aphorisms are the true form of the universal philosophy.
Religion must completely encircle the spirit of ethical man like his element, and this luminous chaos of divine thoughts and feelings is called enthusiasm.
Religion can emerge in all forms of feeling: here wild anger, there the sweetest pain; here consuming hatred, there the childlike smile of serene humility.
Religion is not only a part of education, an element of humanity, but the center of everything else, always the first and the ultimate, the absolutely original.
Man is a creative retrospection of nature upon itself.
The essential point of view of Christianity is sin.
The surest method of being incomprehensible or, moreover, to be misunderstood is to use words in their original sense; especially words from the ancient languages.
God is each truly and exalted thing, therefore the individual himself to the highest degree. But are not nature and the world individuals?
Man is free whenever he produces or manifests God, and through this he becomes immortal.
A classical work doesn't ever have to be understood entirely. But those who are educated and who are still educating themselves must desire to learn more and more from it.
The subject of history is the gradual realization of all that is practically necessary.
Many works of the ancients have become fragments. Many works of the moderns are fragments at the time of their origin.
Wit is the appearance, the external flash of imagination. Thus its divinity, and the witty character of mysticism.
Form your life humanly, and you have done enough: but you will never reach the height of art and the depth of science without something divine.
If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family. Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry.
