Lebanese,Poet
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
Life without liberty is like a body without spirit.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
But let there be spaces in your togetherness and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need.
You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.
I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit.
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.
If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.
Knowledge cultivates your seeds and does not sow in your seeds.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Time has been transformed, and we have changed; it has advanced and set us in motion; it has unveiled its face, inspiring us with bewilderment and exhilaration.
Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.
Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary.
All our words are but crumbs that fall down from the feast of the mind.
Are you a politician asking what your country can do for you or a zealous one asking what you can do for your country? If you are the first, then you are a parasite; if the second, then you are an oasis in the desert.
All that spirits desire, spirits attain.
I existed from all eternity and, behold, I am here; and I shall exist till the end of time, for my being has no end.
You pray in your distress and in your need; would that you might also pray in the fullness of your joy and in your days of abundance.
Much of your pain is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.
When love beckons to you, follow him, Though his ways are hard and steep. And when his wings enfold you yield to him, Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you.
The lust for comfort, that stealthy thing that enters the house a guest, and then becomes a host, and then a master.
When you work you are a flute through whose heart the whispering of the hours turns to music. Which of you would be a reed, dumb and silent, when all else sings together in unison?
Say not, 'I have found the truth,' but rather, 'I have found a truth.'
Where is the justice of political power if it executes the murderer and jails the plunderer, and then itself marches upon neighboring lands, killing thousands and pillaging the very hills?
Safeguarding the rights of others is the most noble and beautiful end of a human being.
Death most resembles a prophet who is without honor in his own land or a poet who is a stranger among his people.
Love possesses not nor will it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.
Rebellion without truth is like spring in a bleak, arid desert.
Love... it surrounds every being and extends slowly to embrace all that shall be.
Your friend is your needs answered.
The just is close to the people's heart, but the merciful is close to the heart of God.
Love is trembling happiness.
The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom.
Love one another, but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.
What difference is there between us, save a restless dream that follows my soul but fears to come near you?
I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art.
Would that I were a dry well, and that the people tossed stones into me, for that would be easier than to be a spring of flowing water that the thirsty pass by, and from which they avoid drinking.
Advance, and never halt, for advancing is perfection. Advance and do not fear the thorns in the path, for they draw only corrupt blood.
When we turn to one another for counsel we reduce the number of our enemies.
What is this world that is hastening me toward I know not what, viewing me with contempt?
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.
Exaggeration is truth that has lost its temper.
No man can reveal to you nothing but that which already lies half-asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.
Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy.
There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward.
Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.
If my survival caused another to perish, then death would be sweeter and more beloved.
Most people who ask for advice from others have already resolved to act as it pleases them.
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
The obvious is that which is never seen until someone expresses it simply.
Hallow the body as a temple to comeliness and sanctify the heart as a sacrifice to love; love recompenses the adorers.
Nor shall derision prove powerful against those who listen to humanity or those who follow in the footsteps of divinity, for they shall live forever. Forever.
Knowledge of the self is the mother of all knowledge. So it is incumbent on me to know my self, to know it completely, to know its minutiae, its characteristics, its subtleties, and its very atoms.
You have your ideology and I have mine.
If the other person injures you, you may forget the injury; but if you injure him you will always remember.
Many a doctrine is like a window pane. We see truth through it but it divides us from truth.
If the grandfather of the grandfather of Jesus had known what was hidden within him, he would have stood humble and awe-struck before his soul.
They consider me to have sharp and penetrating vision because I see them through the mesh of a sieve.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
Poverty is a veil that obscures the face of greatness. An appeal is a mask covering the face of tribulation.
