American,Poet
Because of the dog's joyfulness, our own is increased. It is no small gift. It is not the least reason why we should honor as love the dog of our own life, and the dog down the street, and all the dogs not yet born.
Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?
So this is how you swim inward. So this is how you flow outwards. So this is how you pray.
When it's over, I want to say: all my life I was a bride married to amazement. I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms.
I'm going to die one day. I know it's coming for me, too. I'll be a mountain, I'll be a stone on the beach. I'll be nourishment.
Animals praise a good day, a good hunt. They praise rain if they're thirsty. That's prayer. They don't live an unconscious life, they simply have no language to talk about these things. But they are grateful for the good things that come along.
To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.
I have a notebook with me all the time, and I begin scribbling a few words. When things are going well, the walk does not get anywhere; I finally just stop and write.
To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work.
We all have a hungry heart, and one of the things we hunger for is happiness. So as much as I possibly could, I stayed where I was happy.
Poetry is one of the ancient arts, and it began as did all the fine arts, within the original wilderness of the earth.
It's very important to write things down instantly, or you can lose the way you were thinking out a line. I have a rule that if I wake up at 3 in the morning and think of something, I write it down.
I simply do not distinguish between work and play.
I have a notion that if you are going to be spiritually curious, you better not get cluttered up with too many material things.
Writers sometimes give up what is most strange and wonderful about their writing - soften their roughest edges - to accommodate themselves toward a group response.
There were times over the years when life was not easy, but if you're working a few hours a day and you've got a good book to read, and you can go outside to the beach and dig for clams, you're okay.
Walks work for me. I enter some arena that is neither conscious or unconscious.
Poetry isn't a profession, it's a way of life. It's an empty basket; you put your life into it and make something out of that.
I think one thing is that prayer has become more useful, interesting, fruitful, and... almost involuntary in my life.
I'd rather write about polar bears than people.
My first two books are out of print and, okay, they can sleep there comfortably. It's early work, derivative work.
We all have a hungry heart, and one of the things we hunger for is happiness. So as much as I possibly could, I stayed where I was happy. I spent a great deal of time in my younger years just writing and reading, walking around the woods in Ohio, where I grew up.
I decided very early that I wanted to write. But I didn't think of it as a career. I didn't even think of it as a profession... It was the most exciting thing, the most powerful thing, the most wonderful thing to do with my life.
The woods that I loved as a child are entirely gone. The woods that I loved as a young adult are gone. The woods that most recently I walked in are not gone, but they're full of bicycle trails.
I grew up in a confused house: too much unwanted attention or none at all.
Sometimes breaking the rules is extending the rules.
I would rather write poems than prose, any day, any place. Yet each has its own force.
Words have not only a definition... but also the felt quality of their own kind of sound.
I went to India and was quite taken with it. There's a feeling there that things are holy first and useful second.
I read Rumi, the 13th-century Persian poet, every day.
The challenge is to keep up with all the new poets at the same time I love the old ones.
I like books that are fat and full.
I believe art is utterly important. It is one of the things that could save us.
I know the sag of the unfinished poem. And I know the release of the poem that is finished.
At the time I was growing up, literature was involved with the so-called confessional poets. And I was not interested in that. I did not think that specific and personal perspective functioned well for the reader at all.
I learn a lot about my poems when I read them by the way people respond to them.
To tell you the truth, I believe everything - tigers, trees, stones - are sentient in one way or another. You'd never catch me idly kicking a stone, for example.
Poetry is meant to be heard.
