Pakistani,Poet
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.
Words, without power, is mere philosophy.
Rise above sectional interests and private ambitions... Pass from matter to spirit. Matter is diversity; spirit is light, life and unity.
I lead no party; I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature.
Vision without power does bring moral elevation but cannot give a lasting culture.
People who have no hold over their process of thinking are likely to be ruined by liberty of thought. If thought is immature, liberty of thought becomes a method of converting men into animals.
Nations are born in the hearts of poets, they prosper and die in the hands of politicians.
God is not a dead equation!
When truth has no burning, then it is philosophy, when it gets burning from the heart, it becomes poetry.
The wing of the Falcon brings to the king, the wing if the crow brings him to the cemetery.
Inductive reason, which alone makes man master of his environment, is an achievement; and when once born it must be reinforced by inhibiting the growth of other modes of knowledge.
It is the lot of man to share in the deeper aspirations of the universe around him and to share his own destiny as well as that of the universe, now by adjusting himself to its forces, now by putting the whole of his energy to his own ends and purposes.
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well.
Become dust - and they will throw thee in the air; Become stone - and they will throw thee on glass.
Islam is itself destiny and will not suffer destiny.
The scientific observer of Nature is a kind of mystic seeker in the act of prayer.
Man is primarily governed by passion and instinct.
I have seen the movement of the sinews of the sky, And the blood coursing in the veins of the moon.
It is true that we are made of dust. And the world is also made of dust. But the dust has motes rising.
Unbeliever is he who follows predestination even if he be Muslim, Faithful is he, if he himself is the Divine Destiny.
But the universe, as a collection of finite things, presents itself as a kind of island situated in a pure vacuity to which time, regarded as a series of mutually exclusive moments, is nothing and does nothing.
The Ego is partly free. partly determined, and reaches fuller freedom by approaching the Individual who is most free: God.
Yet higher religion, which is only a search for a larger life, is essentially experience and recognized the necessity of experience as its foundation long before science learnt to do so.
I, therefore, demand the formation of a consolidated Muslim State in the best interest of India and Islam.
Destiny is the prison and chain of the ignorant. Understand that destiny like the water of the Nile: Water before the faithful, blood before the unbeliever.
Though the terror of the sea gives to none security, in the secret of the shell. Self preserving we may dwell.
That is why, according to this newer psychology, Christianity has already fulfilled its biological mission, and it is impossible for the modern man to understand its original significance.
Sexual self-restraint is only a preliminary stage in the ego's evolution.
The ultimate purpose of religious life is to make this evolution move in a direction far more important to the destiny of the ego than the moral health of the social fabric which forms his present environment.
The thought of a limit to perceptual space and time staggers the mind.
Divine life is in touch with the whole universe on the analogy of the soul's contact with the body.
Thus passing through the infinite varieties of space we reach the Divine space which is absolutely free from all dimensions and constitutes the meeting point of all infinities.
The possibility of a scientific treatment of history means a wider experience, a greater maturity of practical reason, and finally a fuller realization of certain basic ideas regarding the nature of life and time.
