English,Poet
There is a harmony in autumn, and a luster in its sky, which through the summer is not heard or seen, as if it could not be, as if it had not been!
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
We look before and after, And pine for what is not; Our sincerest laughter With some pain is fraught; Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.
Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.
Poetry is a mirror which makes beautiful that which is distorted.
A poet is a nightingale, who sits in darkness and sings to cheer its own solitude with sweet sounds.
When my cats aren't happy, I'm not happy. Not because I care about their mood but because I know they're just sitting there thinking up ways to get even.
Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances; departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.
Soul meets soul on lovers' lips.
Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar.
O, wind, if winter comes, can spring be far behind?
The more we study the more we discover our ignorance.
Poetry is a sword of lightning, ever unsheathed, which consumes the scabbard that would contain it.
History is a cyclic poem written by time upon the memories of man.
The pleasure that is in sorrow is sweeter than the pleasure of pleasure itself.
If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind?
Poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world.
Revenge is the naked idol of the worship of a semi-barbarous age.
In a drama of the highest order there is little food for censure or hatred; it teaches rather self-knowledge and self-respect.
Government is an evil; it is only the thoughtlessness and vices of men that make it a necessary evil. When all men are good and wise, government will of itself decay.
Death is the veil which those who live call life; They sleep, and it is lifted.
I think that the leaf of a tree, the meanest insect on which we trample, are in themselves arguments more conclusive than any which can be adduced that some vast intellect animates Infinity.
The man of virtuous soul commands not, nor obeys.
Nothing wilts faster than laurels that have been rested upon.
First our pleasures die - and then our hopes, and then our fears - and when these are dead, the debt is due dust claims dust - and we die too.
There is no real wealth but the labor of man.
