Poet
Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it.
We are born of love; Love is our mother.
The garden of love is green without limit and yields many fruits other than sorrow or joy. Love is beyond either condition: without spring, without autumn, it is always fresh.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
May this marriage be full of laughter, our every day in paradise.
The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Listen! Clam up your mouth and be silent like an oyster shell, for that tongue of yours is the enemy of the soul, my friend. When the lips are silent, the heart has a hundred tongues.
Woman is a ray of God. She is not that earthly beloved: she is creative, not created.
That which is false troubles the heart, but truth brings joyous tranquillity.
Your depression is connected to your insolence and refusal to praise.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
You left and I cried tears of blood. My sorrow grows. Its not just that You left. But when You left my eyes went with You. Now, how will I cry?
Why should I be unhappy? Every parcel of my being is in full bloom.
Through Love all that is bitter will be sweet, Through Love all that is copper will be gold, Through Love all dregs will become wine, through Love all pain will turn to medicine.
Love will find its way through all languages on its own.
Oh, bird of my soul, fly away now, For I possess a hundred fortified towers.
That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful.
You know the value of every article of merchandise, but if you don't know the value of your own soul, it's all foolishness.
May these vows and this marriage be blessed.
The moment I first heard love I gave up my soul, my heart, and my eyes.
Sunlight fell upon the wall; the wall received a borrowed splendor. Why set your heart on a piece of earth, O simple one? Seek out the source which shines forever.
I am neither of the East nor of the West, no boundaries exist within my breast.
