Irish,Poet
I think childhood is, generally speaking, a preparation for disappointment.
You yourself don't have to be shaken by mortal danger in order to feel your mortality.
I believe we are put here to improve civilisation.
Even if the hopes you started out with are dashed, hope has to be maintained.
When I first encountered the name of the city of Stockholm, I little thought that I would ever visit it, never mind end up being welcomed to it as a guest of the Swedish Academy and the Nobel Foundation.
My father was a creature of the archaic world, really. He would have been entirely at home in a Gaelic hill-fort. His side of the family, and the houses I associate with his side of the family, belonged to a traditional rural Ireland.
Whether it be a matter of personal relations within a marriage or political initiatives within a peace process, there is no sure-fire do-it-yourself kit.
I feel myself part of something. Not only being part of a community but part of an actual moment and a movement of Irish writing and art. That sense of being part of the whole thing is the deepest joy.
Then as the years went on and my listening became more deliberate, I would climb up on an arm of our big sofa to get my ear closer to the wireless speaker.
The Ireland I now inhabit is one that these Irish contemporaries have helped to imagine.
I've always associated the moment of writing with a moment of lift, of joy, of unexpected reward.
Anyone born and bred in Northern Ireland can't be too optimistic.
The faking of feelings is a sin against the imagination.
Sonnet is about movement in a form.
A person from Northern Ireland is naturally cautious.
Poetry is what we do to break bread with the dead.
Nowadays, what an award gives is a sense of solidarity with the poetry guild, as it were: sustenance coming from the assent of your peers on the judging panel.
Loyalism, or Unionism, or Protestantism, or whatever you want to call it, in Northern Ireland - it operates not as a class system, but a caste system.
Every time you read a poem aloud to yourself in the presence of others, you are reading it into yourself and them. Voice helps to carry words farther and deeper than the eye.
Your temperament is what you write with, but it's also how you deal with the world.
My passport's green.
Even if the last move did not succeed, the inner command says move again.
In fact, in lyric poetry, truthfulness becomes recognizable as a ring of truth within the medium itself.
I have begun to think of life as a series of ripples widening out from an original center.
As a young poet, you need corroboration, and that's what publication does.
In a war situation or where violence and injustice are prevalent, poetry is called upon to be something more than a thing of beauty.
My point is there's a hidden Scotland in anyone who speaks the Northern Ireland speech. It's a terrific complicating factor, not just in Northern Ireland, but Ireland generally.
At home in Ireland, there's a habit of avoidance, an ironical attitude towards the authority figure.
The fact of the matter is that the most unexpected and miraculous thing in my life was the arrival in it of poetry itself - as a vocation and an elevation almost.
I suppose you could say my father's world was Thomas Hardy and my mother's D.H. Lawrence.
Poetry is always slightly mysterious, and you wonder what is your relationship to it.
It's difficult to learn poems off by heart that don't rhyme.
The gift of writing is to be self-forgetful, to get a surge of inner life or inner supply or unexpected sense of empowerment, to be afloat, to be out of yourself.
The amount of sensory material stored up or stored down in the brain's and the body's systems is inestimable. It's like a culture at the bottom of a jar, although it doesn't grow, I think, or help anything else to grow unless you find a way to reach it and touch it.
Anybody serious about poetry knows how hard it is to achieve anything worthwhile in it.
The experimental poetry thing is not my thing. It's a programme of the avant-garde: basically a refusal of the kind of poetry I write.
The experiment of poetry, as far as I am concerned, happens when the poem carries you beyond where you could have reasonably expected to go.
Yeats was 18th-century oratory, almost.
The kind of poet who founds and reconstitutes values is somebody like Yeats or Whitman - these are public value-founders.
The kinds of truth that art gives us many, many times are small truths. They don't have the resonance of an encyclical from the Pope stating an eternal truth, but they partake of the quality of eternity. There is a sort of timeless delight in them.
In the United States, in poetry workshops, it's now quite a thing to make graduate students learn poems by heart.
I'm not personally obsessed with death. At a certain age, the light that you live in is inhabited by the shades - it 'tis.
I'm very conscious that people dear to me are alive in my imagination - poets in particular.
In Northern Ireland, helicopters are not usually used to promote poetry.
Since I was a schoolboy, I've been used to being recognized on the road by old and young, and being bantered with and, indeed, being taunted.
History says, 'Don't hope on this side of the grave.'
In poetry, everything can be faked but the intensity of utterance.
I've nothing against the Queen personally. I had lunch at the Palace once upon a time.
In my early teens, I acquired a kind of representative status: went on behalf of the family to wakes and funerals and so on. And I would be counted on as an adult contributor when it came to farm work - the hay in the summertime, for example.
I suppose you inevitably fall into habits of expression.
One doesn't want one's identity coerced.
You can have Irish identity in the north and also have your Irish passport.
I think the first little jolt I got was reading Gerard Manley Hopkins - I liked other poems... but Hopkins was kind of electric for me - he changed the rules with speech, and the whole intensity of the language was there and so on.
One of the best descriptions of the type of writer I am was given by Tom Paulin, who described himself as a 'binge' writer - like a binge drinker. I go on binges.
To encounter 'Beowulf' is like taking a sledgehammer to a quarry face. You must bang in there.
In a way, Anglo-Saxon poetry cannot be translated.
I came from a farming background, and my career was teaching.
If you go into an underground train in London - probably anywhere, but chiefly in London - there's that sense of almost entering a ghostly dimension. People are very still and quiet; they don't exchange many pleasantries.
I think of the bog as a feminine goddess-ridden ground, rather like the territory of Ireland itself.
I've been in the habit of helping people.
The murder of Sean Brown hurt my soul.
We go to poetry, we go to literature in general, to be forwarded within ourselves.
Tom Sleigh's poetry is hard-earned and well founded. I great admire the way it refuses to cut emotional corners and yet achieves a sense of lyric absolution.
It is very true to say that work done by writers is quite often an attempt to give solid expression to that which is bothering them... They feel they have got it right if they express the stress.
I don't do as many readings as I used to. There was a time when I was on the road a lot more, at home in Ireland, in Britain, in Canada and the States, a time when I had more stamina and appetite for it.
Memory has always been fundamental for me. In fact, remembering what I had forgotten is the way most of the poems get started.
There's never going to be a united Ireland, you know.
I think of Dermot Healy as the heir to Patrick Kavanagh.
The problem as you get older... is that you become more self-aware. At the same time, you have to surprise yourself. There's no way of arranging the surprise, so it is tricky.
I would say that something important for me and for my generation in Northern Ireland was the 1947 Education Act, which allowed students who won scholarships to go on to secondary schools and thence to university.
I don't think my intelligence is naturally analytic or political.
The group of writers I had grown up with in the '60s - Derek Mahon, Michael Longley, James Simmons, John Hewitt, Paul Muldoon - formed a very necessary and self-sustaining group.
Poetry is a domestic art, most itself when most at home.
Poetry is more a threshold than a path.
My language and my sensibility are yearning to admit a kind of religious or transcendent dimension. But then there's the reality: there's no Heaven, no afterlife of the sort we were promised, and no personal God.
The end of art is peace.
