American,Poet
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.
If you aren't in over your head, how do you know how tall you are?
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing.
Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
Anxiety is the hand maiden of creativity.
Where is all the knowledge we lost with information?
You are the music while the music lasts.
I said to my soul, be still, and wait without hope, For hope would be hope for the wrong thing.
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have personality and emotions know what it means to want to escape from these things.
Where there is no temple there shall be no homes.
Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome.
Let's not be narrow, nasty, and negative.
Home is where one starts from.
It's not wise to violate rules until you know how to observe them.
Humankind cannot bear very much reality.
The last temptation is the greatest treason: to do the right deed for the wrong reason.
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal.
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
The tiger springs in the new year. Us he devours.
Business today consists in persuading crowds.
Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least not until the producers or the public tell you to.
There is not a more repulsive spectacle than on old man who will not forsake the world, which has already forsaken him.
As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be, poetry is not a career, but a mug's game. No honest poet can ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life for nothing.
I am an Anglo-Catholic in religion, a classicist in literature and a royalist in politics.
Half of the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important. They don't mean to do harm. But the harm does not interest them.
It is obvious that we can no more explain a passion to a person who has never experienced it than we can explain light to the blind.
My greatest trouble is getting the curtain up and down.
If you desire to drain to the dregs the fullest cup of scorn and hatred that a fellow human being can pour out for you, let a young mother hear you call dear baby 'it.'
The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first.
Every experience is a paradox in that it means to be absolute, and yet is relative; in that it somehow always goes beyond itself and yet never escapes itself.
Our difficulties of the moment must always be dealt with somehow, but our permanent difficulties are difficulties of every moment.
I had seen birth and death but had thought they were different.
The soul is so far from being a monad that we have not only to interpret other souls to ourself but to interpret ourself to ourself.
There is no method but to be very intelligent.
A toothache, or a violent passion, is not necessarily diminished by our knowledge of its causes, its character, its importance or insignificance.
The bad poet is usually unconscious where he ought to be conscious, and conscious where he ought to be unconscious.
Art never improves, but... the material of art is never quite the same.
Wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought.
Any poet, if he is to survive beyond his 25th year, must alter; he must seek new literary influences; he will have different emotions to express.
Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature.
We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion.
