French,Poet
Real friendship, like real poetry, is extremely rare - and precious as a pearl.
Poetry is a form of mathematics, a highly rigorous relationship with words.
This universe can very well be expressed in words and syllables which are not those of one's mother tongue.
I love life in spite of all that mars it. I love friendship, jokes and laughter.
We must stop posing as victims of the West and behaving negatively towards the West. We must participate with the West on an equal footing in the reconstruction of the world.
An individual voice can be heard in a choir that otherwise sings in unison. This is something that is not excused.
The power of the word in Morocco belonged to men and to the authorities. No one asked the point of view of poor people or women.
Emigration is no longer a solution; it's a defeat. People are risking death, drowning every day, but they're knocking on doors that are not open.
Be vigilant, for nothing one achieves lasts forever.
In Morocco, it's possible to see the Atlantic and the Mediterranean at the same time.
I'd thought sexuality was instinctive or natural, but it's profoundly linked to inner security and cultural context.
I am a guest of the French language. My poems in French are born of my interaction with the French language, which is not the same as that of a French poet.
I came to poetry through the urgent need to denounce injustice, exploitation, humiliation. I know that's not enough to change the world. But to remain silent would have been a kind of intolerable complicity.
At 21, I discovered repression and injustice. The army would shoot students with real bullets.
I liked Sartre's views but not his writing.
I read a poem every night, as others read a prayer.
I am a Moroccan writer of French expression.
The mistake we make is to attribute to religions the errors and fanaticism of human beings.
Religion has to stay in the heart, not in politics. It is private.
My hope is that countries like Morocco will have investment to create work, so people don't have to leave.
In the '70s I was in exile; every time I went back I wondered if they'd take my passport away.
I belong to a specific category of writers, those who speak and write in a language different from that of their parents.
I don't feel guilty about expressing myself in French; nor do I feel that I am continuing the work of the colonizers.
I do not use the language of my people. I can take liberties with certain themes which the Arabic language would not allow me to take.
For me, poetry is a situation - a state of being, a way of facing life and facing history.
Poetry is not only a set of words which are chosen to relate to each other; it is something which goes much further than that to provide a glimpse of our vision of the world.
