American,Poet
A man should have duties outside of himself; without them, he is a mere balloon, inflated with thin egotism and drifting nowhere.
Nothing except time is wasted in Italy.
Civilization is the lamb's skin in which barbarism masquerades.
True art selects and paraphrases, but seldom gives a verbatim translation.
What is lovely never dies, But passes into other loveliness.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent - that is to triumph over old age.
There is a special Providence that watches over idiots, drunken men, and boys.
What is newest to one in foreign countries is not always the people, but their surroundings, and those same little details of life and circumstance which make no impression on a man in his own land until he returns to it after a prolonged absence, and then they stand out very sharply for a while.
The ocean moans over dead men's bones.
A man may do worse than make what the world calls a not wholly happy marriage.
I never witness a performance of child-acrobats, or the exhibition of any forced talent, physical or mental, on the part of children, without protesting, at least in my own mind, against the blindness and cruelty of their parents or guardians or whoever has care of them.
There must be such a thing as a child with average ability, but you can't find a parent who will admit that it is his child.
Famous old houses seem to have an intuitive perception of the value of corner lots. If it is a possible thing, they always set themselves down on the most desirable spots.
Painfully to attain possession of what we do not want, and then painfully to waste our days in attempting to rid ourselves of it, seems to be a part of our discipline here below.
I like to have a thing suggested rather than told in full. When every detail is given, the mind rests satisfied, and the imagination loses the desire to use its own wings.
A man is known by the company his mind keeps.
Books that have become classics - books that have had their day and now get more praise than perusal - always remind me of retired colonels and majors and captains who, having reached the age limit, find themselves retired on half pay.
The man who suspects his own tediousness is yet to be born.
They fail, and they alone, who have not striven.
No bird has ever uttered note That was not in some first bird's throat; Since Eden's freshness and man's fall No rose has been original.
In every age have mighty spirits dwelt unseen with man, biding the hour that needed them.
A habit leads a man so gently in the beginning that he does not perceive he is led - with what silken threads and down what pleasant avenues it leads him! By and by, the soft silk threads become iron chains, and the pleasant avenues Avernus!
To be weak, and to know it, is something of a punishment for a proud man.
To the mass of mankind - meaning also womankind - marriage may be the only possible thing; but to the individual, it may be the one thing impossible.
Everyone ought to wish to marry; some ought to be allowed to marry; and others ought to marry twice - to make the average good.
There is no man at once so unselfish and selfish as a man in love.
