Irish,Poet
What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine.
From plants that wake when others sleep, from timid jasmine buds that keep their odour to themselves all day, but when the sunlight dies away let the delicious secret out to every breeze that roams about.
Humility, that low, sweet root, from which all heavenly virtues shoot.
Came but for friendship, and took away love.
All that's bright must fade, The brightest still the fleetest; All that's sweet was made But to be lost when sweetest.
And the heart that is soonest awake to the flowers is always the first to be touch'd by the thorns.
Fond memory brings the light of other days around me.
Here bring your wounded hearts, here tell your anguish; Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot heal.
Bastard Freedom waves Her fustian flag in mockery over slaves.
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.
A friendship that like love is warm; A love like friendship, steady.
And soon, too soon, we part with pain, To sail o'er silent seas again.
It is only to the happy that tears are a luxury.
Disguise our bondage as we will, 'Tis woman, woman, rules us still.
Though an angel should write, still 'tis devils must print.
No, there's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream.
Like ships that have gone down at sea, when heaven was all tranquillity.
This wretched brain gave way, and I became a wreck at random driven, without one glimpse of reason or heaven.
While mantling on the maiden's cheek Young roses kindled into thought.
The heart that has truly loved never forgets, But as truly loves on to the close.
Oh! blame not the bard.
The light, that lies In woman's eyes, Has been my heart's undoing.
My only books were woman's looks, and folly's all they've taught me.
Ask a woman's advice, and whatever she advises, Do the very reverse and you're sure to be wise.
A pretty wife is something for the fastidious vanity of a roue to retire upon.
