Roman,Poet
It never troubles the wolf how many the sheep may be.
Come what may, all bad fortune is to be conquered by endurance.
Time flies never to be recalled.
They can conquer who believe they can.
Endure the present, and watch for better things.
Time passes irrevocably.
He enters the port with a full sail.
Fortune favours the bold.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Yield not to calamity, but face her boldly.
Mind moves matter.
Every calamity is to be overcome by endurance.
Love conquers all.
Hug the shore; let others try the deep.
Fate will find a way.
But meanwhile time flies; it flies never to be regained.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
It is easy to go down into Hell; night and day, the gates of dark Death stand wide; but to climb back again, to retrace one's steps to the upper air - there's the rub, the task.
As the twig is bent the tree inclines.
From my example learn to be just, and not to despise the gods.
Go forth a conqueror and win great victories.
He like a rock in the sea unshaken stands his ground.
If one swain scorns you, you will soon find another.
Let not our proposal be disregarded on the score of our youth.
Veiling truth in mystery.
Wherever the fates lead us let us follow.
Age carries all things away, even the mind.
Each of us bears his own Hell.
Better times perhaps await us who are now wretched.
Consider what each soil will bear, and what each refuses.
Every sound alarms.
I shudder when relating it.
The descent to the infernal regions is easy enough, but to retrace one's steps, and reach the air above, there's the rub.
They succeed, because they think they can.
Want of pluck shows want of blood.
Their rage supplies them with weapons.
Persevere and preserve yourselves for better circumstances.
If ye despise the human race, and mortal arms, yet remember that there is a God who is mindful of right and wrong.
What each man feared would happen to himself, did not trouble him when he saw that it would ruin another.
I fear the Greeks, even when they bring gifts.
From one learn all.
Who asks whether the enemy was defeated by strategy or valor?
To have died once is enough.
A fault is fostered by concealment.
Fury itself supplies arms.
Who can blind lover's eyes?
Age steals away all things, even the mind.
Trust one who has tried.
Fear is proof of a degenerate mind.
They can because they think they can.
Your descendants shall gather your fruits.
O accursed hunger of gold, to what dost thou not compel human hearts!
