English,Poet
We often fancy that we suffer from ingratitude, while in reality we suffer from self-love.
The flame of anger, bright and brief, sharpens the barb of love.
Great men always pay deference to greater.
No ashes are lighter than those of incense, and few things burn out sooner.
Ambition is but avarice on stilts, and masked.
We cannot be contented because we are happy, and we cannot be happy because we are contented.
Even the weakest disputant is made so conceited by what he calls religion, as to think himself wiser than the wisest who think differently from him.
The Siren waits thee, singing song for song.
My thoughts are my company; I can bring them together, select them, detain them, dismiss them.
Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.
We talk on principal, but act on motivation.
Delay in justice is injustice.
The wise become as the unwise in the enchanted chambers of Power, whose lamps make every face the same colour.
I strove with none; for none was worth my strife.
Truth, like the juice of the poppy, in small quantities, calms men; in larger, heats and irritates them, and is attended by fatal consequences in excess.
Kindness in ourselves is the honey that blunts the sting of unkindness in another.
There is delight in singing, though none hear beside the singer.
Men, like nails, lose their usefulness when they lose their direction and begin to bend.
A man's vanity tells him what is honor, a man's conscience what is justice.
An ingenuous mind feels in unmerited praise the bitterest reproof.
Study is the bane of childhood, the oil of youth, the indulgence of adulthood, and a restorative in old age.
We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier.
Many laws as certainly make bad men, as bad men make many laws.
Ambition has but one reward for all: A little power, a little transient fame; A grave to rest in, and a fading name!
No thoroughly occupied person was ever found really miserable.
There is no easy path leading out of life, and few easy ones that lie within it.
