English,Poet
To begin, begin.
Nature never did betray the heart that loved her.
The flower that smells the sweetest is shy and lowly.
Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher.
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
Life is divided into three terms - that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the present, and from the present, to live better in the future.
With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.
Poetry is the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings: it takes its origin from emotion recollected in tranquility.
How does the Meadow flower its bloom unfold? Because the lovely little flower is free down to its root, and in that freedom bold.
What is pride? A rocket that emulates the stars.
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
The child is father of the man.
The ocean is a mighty harmonist.
Faith is a passionate intuition.
That though the radiance which was once so bright be now forever taken from my sight. Though nothing can bring back the hour of splendor in the grass, glory in the flower. We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind.
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
Suffering is permanent, obscure and dark, And shares the nature of infinity.
Pictures deface walls more often than they decorate them.
What we need is not the will to believe, but the wish to find out.
That best portion of a man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
Golf is a day spent in a round of strenuous idleness.
I listened, motionless and still; And, as I mounted up the hill, The music in my heart I bore, Long after it was heard no more.
When from our better selves we have too long been parted by the hurrying world, and droop. Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired, how gracious, how benign is solitude.
The human mind is capable of excitement without the application of gross and violent stimulants; and he must have a very faint perception of its beauty and dignity who does not know this.
The mind that is wise mourns less for what age takes away; than what it leaves behind.
The world is too much with us; late and soon, getting and spending, we lay waste our powers: Little we see in Nature that is ours.
