Belgian,Athlete
You question yourself all the time as a footballer. You have to focus on the positives.
My target is to give everything, and only if we win the trophies will I be relaxed.
Jose Mourinho and I get along well. I've lots of respect for him. He gives me a lot of confidence. After a bad game, he dares to say, 'We have played with 10 today,' but that's it. At moments like that, he leaves me alone.
Why change? If you're happy, and things are going really well at one place, there is no need to change.
The FA Cup is something we want to win, but when you play for Chelsea, it is not something you think about a lot because you want to win every game.
I love cooking. There is nothing I like better than going home and cooking my family a nice meal. Anything with pasta! Pasta with butter! I have a good repertoire, and I can do quite a few different dishes. Sometimes they work out and sometimes not.
I love to set up my teammates. I am not here to be a star, to show off. I am here to play for the others, but if I have to try and clinch a game, then I will.
We don't look at records, but if we can make history in this club, we will. It's not only about Chelsea, this league.
People will see me at Chelsea the way I am and judge me the way they want to.
I ask myself what I can do to become like Messi and Ronaldo and score 50 or 60 goals in a season.
I always liked No. 10 because I loved Zidane. He was my role model. I always wanted to play like him.
When you are young, you sometimes play one good game and then one bad game.
Out of all the clubs who were interested, I got the feeling that, deep down, Chelsea showed that they really wanted me. There were lots of reasons I came to Chelsea. They showed a real desire to get me to come here. I didn't have to think about it too much.
It is hard to say no to PSG - as with all teams capable of winning the Champions League, There is always uncertainty in football.
I don't want to say PSG is a step backwards, but It would be returning to something I already know. I'm always in for new challenges. When I will leave Chelsea one day, it would be to discover something new.
I played without fear. I've done that since I first kicked a ball in my back garden as a five-year-old, whether it's been my first game, my 100th game, or my 500th game.
At 21, Real Madrid or Barcelona would have been more difficult for me. If I play well enough at Chelsea, I could win my place in the starting team, and my priority is to play.
I know how to make the difference. When I make the difference, I often do it at the end of the match, and that shows that I am fresh.
If I ever leave, it'll be after winning a championship. You need to go out on a high so that people remember you for the right reasons.
We are professionals. We know when we're playing badly, so if you have a poor game, you work in training to put things right so form comes back.
That's my mentality. Just because somebody has fouled me, there is no reason for me to be nasty to him. I try to respect football as much as possible, and when someone is injured, you put the ball out.
I have always thought if there is a game, and there have been a lot of fouls on me, then I have been playing well for the team, so that means we're having a good match. You can win a free-kick when there's a foul, and that's a chance to score a goal.
I have always been small, so defenders have always been taller and tougher than me. So that's difficult for me; they foul me sometimes, but there you are - that's what the rules of the game are for.
The more you play against teams and defenders, the more you get to know them. You know if they are more nervous; you know, on the pitch, people are different. I try to adapt to their character.
I can still take the hits; it's not a problem for me. I accept the blows. I can take the punches like a boxer.
The Champions League is the one thing missing from my career. When I look at the history of the competition and the people that have taken part, the top, top players have all won it. For many, it is why they have been regarded as top players.
You want to win the games, to win trophies.
If my wife was to say, 'Honey, I'd like you to go to PSG', I would have to take it into account.
I don't need to speak about N'Golo; everyone knows about him. He's everywhere. I think, sometimes when I'm on the pitch, I see him twice. One on the left, one on the right. I think I'm playing with twins!
I have always been the same player, but Conte knows how to treat players, having played at the highest level himself.
You have to be ready for all the games and be at 100 per cent if you want to win in this League.
The Premier League is difficult. The small teams can beat the big teams.
I am happy with my form; I just need to score a couple of goals. I want the ball. I want to create something.
I didn't want to go to Chelsea, because I wanted to play the Champions League and they were sixth in the league.
I'm not saying I like to be kicked, but it's good for me to feel I am in the game. Definitely. A motivation.
I try to be this kind of player: the type who does something whenever he gets the ball. Sometimes in the past, I've gone through games where I've not touched the ball for 20 or 30 minutes.
With experience, you improve. I'm a better player now, more complete than I was when I was player of the year.
These days, I'm always trying to have lots of touches, to be involved, and to play my football for 90 minutes.
I try to play like I did when I was a young boy playing in my garden. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's not so good, but I try to always make sure I give my best to help the team, even if I am not having the best game myself.
For a young player like me, it is good to play for a club that can get to the semi-finals because one of the reasons I play football is for these big games.
Individually, I am very happy because I can play in every game. I can be on the pitch and do what I like to do, which is play football.
I like to play as a No. 10. I think I have more freedom offensively. For Belgium, we have full backs who run hard and create a lot of space, which is good, and I like to play there.
I play on the left hand side, and I try to do the best I can.
My first trophy in France was the Young Player of the Year. I was 17. Chelsea is not just one player. It is not only me. We have signed a lot of players. Now we have some good signings like Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa.
I know as soon as a game is finished if I have done well. I don't need people to tell me. I want to achieve perfection.
You mustn't smile when you lose. You have to be sad like other people. You have to win every game.
It is a pleasure to play under Jose Mourinho, and everything is OK. I learn every day. He is a normal coach. He speaks a lot with the players. I like it when the manager speaks a lot with you because it gives you confidence.
We feel good. We are full of confidence. We take game after game and try to win every game.
It is always good to be on the scoresheet.
For the strikers, we have more freedom, and even when we lose the ball, if we press together, we can get it back, and it is good system for Chelsea.
I spoke with Abramovich. He is very simple and loves football. We were on the same wavelength: he wants to confirm Chelsea's position at the top.
Chelsea have made a good investment for me, but I did not put any pressure on them.
I've always said I wanted to play in England. There was a struggle between Chelsea and United, but according to me, Chelsea has the best project.
With Lille, we could have gone to the South of France, and people wouldn't have recognised us. But at Chelsea, the players are at another level. Everything has changed - the language, the country - but it is up to me to adapt.
It's true that Tottenham tempted me because it was a young team which was third in the league.
The directors told me they were going to recruit good players with whom I could play decent football. Marko Marin, Oscar and me, we like to have the ball at our feet. Juan Mata likes the ball; so does Ramires.
People were saying, 'He's worth £32m? He tried a back-heel and fell over!' Even I laughed. In my head, I said, 'OK, you've seen the bad side, now come see the good side'.
I watched videos of great players. I was inspired by what they did, then I used to try things out in training.
When I was small, I was the same as everyone else. I used to play in a small council estate nearby. But it's really my family who taught me. I started watching my dad play from the age of two. I wanted to be like him.
The first pitch I played on, for my first club, Braine-le-Comte, was only a metre from our house! I progressed very quickly.
Weight training and working on being explosive helped me gain a few yards of pace. Even when I was small, I was stocky. Even if people pushed me, I managed to stay on my feet.
It is good, it is better to be voted by the players - they know everything about football.
Chelsea are a big club - we have to win titles and to qualify for the Champions League. There's a lot to do, but we'll try to do it all.
The FA Cup for all the fans does mean something special.
