Belgian,Designer
Our eyes reflect light. Better that the lips are more like a rose petal.
I like to be lazy. I do like to be busy and really active, but when that's done, you can be sure I will be a lazy boy. I like to take time and relax and enjoy life.
We always see the point of an iceberg. So I've always accepted the idea that people - they don't necessarily know everything I am.
Personally, I am not so affected by my environment. What I build in the creative process is not necessarily connected to what I am physically in contact with. I am always observing everything, but it will not necessarily have a direct impact on what I do.
I could live naked... I love it.
A black dress is beautiful! It's a good choice. It could be the wrong choice at certain events or situations, but it's very rare that you see a girl who looks bad in a black dress.
If you are a girl dressing up in the morning thinking about the whole world having a point of view on what you are wearing, it takes the pleasure out of getting dressed.
Today there are more things you can wear for the same occasions. I still like this idea of the perfect suit, and I always love tailoring, but today you can have more things for this type of situation, clothes that have class and that are mixable, and that are super well cut.
The only shoes that look futuristic are Crocs, but they would be terrible to use in a futuristic movie.
I'm kind of obsessed with cool girls.
In fashion, we don't often know the prices. We don't have time to go into the stores.
I didn't understand the advantages of staying active until I was about 27.
I've admired historical clothes like Victorian gowns since I was a child, and it's what motivated me to go into fashion.
I think the relationship is very tenuous between fashion and art. Many designers have built relationships with artists, which is not something I personally did. But it's true, sometimes you see artists working for a designer or a brand on some specific project or taking care of their environment and making an amazing store.
Personally, I have had sometimes moments where I thought my idea behind the idea of a collection - the concept maybe - something that we don't see at the end on the catwalk, I think the way it was, the genesis in my mind, was probably artistic, an artistic approach.
Art is the way people see things, and I think it's great when individuals can find in fashion something they truly believe is artistic.
For a long time I have been thinking about affordable fashion - you can be disappointed when not so many people can wear your stuff.
With couture, you feel obligated to design something modern each season, but with Theyskens Theory, I don't question anything. I'm thinking of what I'd like to wear.
My sense of designing is a mix of intuition and intellectual control.
I am interested in the idea of 'taste.' And by 'taste,' I mean opinion, inspiration and the craft of creating a personality through fabric and design.
When I was very young, I wanted to be a girl. I was jealous that girls got to be princesses and wear skirts. It tormented me. When I was 6, I even heard that you could change your sex, and I was very intrigued until the moment I realized that if I changed into a girl, I would be an ugly girl, and this is the last thing I wanted to be.
My first collection was made from sheets that my grandmother, who lived in Normandy, had been collecting for a long time. There are a lot of flea markets in that part of France, and she knew what I liked.
I feel super lucky to be living in New York. I love the city, I love the energy. I always loved it. I had pictures of New York in my bedroom when I was young.
I rarely stay at home when I'm in New York. I'm always doing things. It brings you so much energy.
I always like to preserve my freedom. I've never really been attached to any place; that's probably why I kept moving. I like to evolve.
When other boys dreamt of going to the moon or becoming doctors, I wanted to be a designer.
