Belgian,Designer
Every weekend, I'm on the highway to Antwerp. I need to be there, to have the calm. It's a whole different life: I jump on my bike, and it's so small, I can be anywhere in a minute. I like to be at home when there's free time because when you're at a big company, you're constantly surrounded by 30 people.
I'm not so rock and roll. I'm more techno.
Fashion is such an octopus. You're connected to so many people: suppliers, pattern makers, production teams, marketing teams, vendors.
Berlin is in a state of transition. There are lots of people who don't stay here. They pass through. They might not 'clean up,' but they mature. It is a city where people spend a significant time in their lives, and then they move on.
In my opinion, Christian Dior was never, ever theatre.
My challenge is to find a beautiful balance: to make women beautiful, to make a woman dream to wear a beautiful outfit.
I'm usually very attracted to things that I can't define. If something's too clear, it's very often not inspiring to me anymore.
My mother was a cleaning lady all her life.
My inspiration is endless; I can't define it. It is a constant flow and evolution. In general, I'm taking it from everywhere. People get nervous when they walk with me, as I'll see something and suddenly have to text it to myself.
My dad only ever talked about two things: bicycles and Mercedes.
Computers let people avoid people, going out to explore. It's so different to just open a website instead of looking at a Picasso in a museum in Paris.
The Chanel woman? I don't even need to see; I smell her from round the corner.
I couldn't go now to a brand that had a niche attitude like... gothic. I couldn't do that. Well, I could do it, but I wouldn't find it interesting, challenging.
Dress codes and gestures and attitudes have always inspired me, as has youth culture in general, although now I question it more. If you analyze youth cultures over history, there has always been something strict about them - you have to be like this or like that.
You cannot have adoration without being criticized.
Unlike fashion, art isn't applied. It doesn't have to serve anybody. It doesn't have to be there for any other reason than to give an impression of what the world is about.
People who don't know me look at my world as something very hard-core, and I don't feel it that way. It's not what attracts me.
I'd like to see fashion slow down a bit. What freaks me out about fashion today is the speed - the speed of consuming, the speed of ideas. When fashion moves so fast, it takes away something I always loved, which is the idea that fashion should be slightly elusive. Hard to grasp, hard to find.
For me, Warhol made so much sense.
You can instantly spot a Chanel woman, so I want to develop the Dior woman.
Fashion has a long interest in collaborative situations.
In fashion design, you can divide people into two groups. You have people who come with an aesthetic that is there forever, even if it evolves. Then you have people I call 'jumpers.' One season it can be this; the next season it's completely something else. I always knew I am more of a jumper.
If I see a fashion show with literal influences, it doesn't make me think any more. It doesn't make me dream.
My whole life, I've always had to be surrounded by creative things. I find it relaxing to be in touch with creations by other people.
I'm not an isolated person. The more I connect to people, the more I have the feeling that things work.
I'm shy, but not on a one-to-one basis. Over the years, I have become acclimatised to a bit of publicity.
L.A. interests me, the whole band scene and relaxed carefree feel, but it does not mean you have to dress like a hippy.
I am always attracted to the moments when a person who is associated with a certain message, image or sensibility evolves. I am very interested in how audiences respond to that maturation and absorb the evolution.
Antwerp literally was a trash hole, but fashion changed that. The designers there were extreme, and their work was hard to understand. But now, people from all over the world come to Antwerp to shop.
We Belgians love when we can go to L.A. because the city is amazing and the climate is fantastic.
I was raised in a very happy nest by very happy people, and I like to think that those are enough ingredients to make me succeed at Dior.
The fashion world doesn't know the word 'stop,' so you have to make sure there are sublime moments every day.
Somewhere, in some city in America, someone is wearing my clothes, and I'm happy with that.
I see there is a lot of behaviour in men's fashion, which is systematic. It's a lot about all these kind of clothes that can be easily combined with each other, and it's less and less, I think, about making a fashion statement.
