Roman,Soldier
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.
The universe is transformation: life is opinion.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions.
The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away.
We ought to do good to others as simply as a horse runs, or a bee makes honey, or a vine bears grapes season after season without thinking of the grapes it has borne.
Let men see, let them know, a real man, who lives as he was meant to live.
Be content to seem what you really are.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
Because your own strength is unequal to the task, do not assume that it is beyond the powers of man; but if anything is within the powers and province of man, believe that it is within your own compass also.
I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinions of himself than on the opinions of others.
We are too much accustomed to attribute to a single cause that which is the product of several, and the majority of our controversies come from that.
Let not your mind run on what you lack as much as on what you have already.
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
The act of dying is one of the acts of life.
Begin - to begin is half the work, let half still remain; again begin this, and thou wilt have finished.
Perhaps there are none more lazy, or more truly ignorant, than your everlasting readers.
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish.
Anything in any way beautiful derives its beauty from itself and asks nothing beyond itself. Praise is no part of it, for nothing is made worse or better by praise.
Do every act of your life as if it were your last.
Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time.
Anger cannot be dishonest.
The universal order and the personal order are nothing but different expressions and manifestations of a common underlying principle.
When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is man's life.
Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live.
Death is a release from the impressions of the senses, and from desires that make us their puppets, and from the vagaries of the mind, and from the hard service of the flesh.
You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long.
Be content with what you are, and wish not change; nor dread your last day, nor long for it.
Death, like birth, is a secret of Nature.
What springs from earth dissolves to earth again, and heaven-born things fly to their native seat.
Where a man can live, he can also live well.
Let it be your constant method to look into the design of people's actions, and see what they would be at, as often as it is practicable; and to make this custom the more significant, practice it first upon yourself.
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
