Roman,Writer
Where there is unity there is always victory.
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force.
Fortune is like glass - the brighter the glitter, the more easily broken.
From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own.
The eyes are not responsible when the mind does the seeing.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.
One is not exposed to danger who, even when in safety is always on their guard.
If you wish to reach the highest, begin at the lowest.
A hasty judgment is a first step to recantation.
The happy man is not he who seems thus to others, but who seems thus to himself.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
You are in a pitiable condition if you have to conceal what you wish to tell.
It is a good thing to learn caution from the misfortunes of others.
It is folly to punish your neighbor by fire when you live next door.
You cannot put the same shoe on every foot.
Audacity augments courage; hesitation, fear.
I often regret that I have spoken; never that I have been silent.
A beautiful face is a mute recommendation.
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Do not despise the bottom rungs in the ascent to greatness.
The wounds of love can only be healed by the one who made them.
An angry man is again angry with himself when he returns to reason.
To refuse graciously is to confer a favor.
When you confer a benefit on those worthy of it, you confer a favor on all.
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
Count not him among your friends who will retail your privacies to the world.
They do injury to the good who spares the bad.
The judge is found guilty when a criminal is acquitted.
Pain forces even the innocent to lie.
Admonish your friends privately, but praise them openly.
The bare recollection of anger kindles anger.
An angry father is most cruel towards himself.
The person who receives the most favors is the one who knows how to return them.
We die as often as we lose a friend.
He whom many fear, has himself many to fear.
God looks at the clean hands, not the full ones.
Never promise more than you can perform.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
Speech is the mirror of the soul.
The weeping of an heir is laughter in disguise.
