Roman,Historian
Harmony makes small things grow, lack of it makes great things decay.
Neither soldiers nor money can defend a king but only friends won by good deeds, merit, and honesty.
In my opinion it is less shameful for a king to be overcome by force of arms than by bribery.
In battle it is the cowards who run the most risk; bravery is a rampart of defense.
Distinguished ancestors shed a powerful light on their descendants, and forbid the concealment either of their merits or of their demerits.
All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity.
Ambition breaks the ties of blood, and forgets the obligations of gratitude.
A good man would prefer to be defeated than to defeat injustice by evil means.
By union the smallest states thrive. By discord the greatest are destroyed.
It is better to use fair means and fail, than foul and conquer.
Necessity makes even the timid brave.
Every bad precedent originated as a justifiable measure.
It is a law of human nature that in victory even the coward may boast of his prowess, while defeat injures the reputation even of the brave.
Before you act, consider; when you have considered, tis fully time to act.
No man underestimates the wrongs he suffers; many take them more seriously than is right.
The glory that goes with wealth is fleeting and fragile; virtue is a possession glorious and eternal.
As the blessings of health and fortune have a beginning, so they must also find an end. Everything rises but to fall, and increases but to decay.
Think like a man of action, and act like a man of thought.
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
All who consult on doubtful matters, should be void of hatred, friendship, anger, and pity.
He that will be angry for anything will be angry for nothing.
We employ the mind to rule, the body to serve.
Those most moved to tears by every word of a preacher are generally weak and a rascal when the feelings evaporate.
To like and dislike the same things, this is what makes a solid friendship.
The higher your station, the less your liberty.
Just to stir things up seemed a great reward in itself.
