Roman,Historian
The more corrupt the state, the more numerous the laws.
In a state where corruption abounds, laws must be very numerous.
Old things are always in good repute, present things in disfavor.
A desire to resist oppression is implanted in the nature of man.
It is always easier to requite an injury than a service: gratitude is a burden, but revenge is found to pay.
To plunder, to slaughter, to steal, these things they misname empire; and where they make a wilderness, they call it peace.
Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay; falsehood by haste and uncertainty.
The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise.
When the state is most corrupt, then the laws are most multiplied.
Candor and generosity, unless tempered by due moderation, leads to ruin.
It is human nature to hate the man whom you have hurt.
A shocking crime was committed on the unscrupulous initiative of few individuals, with the blessing of more, and amid the passive acquiescence of all.
To show resentment at a reproach is to acknowledge that one may have deserved it.
When men are full of envy they disparage everything, whether it be good or bad.
All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end.
Things forbidden have a secret charm.
It belongs to human nature to hate those you have injured.
Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth; when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed; nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it.
Be assured those will be thy worst enemies, not to whom thou hast done evil, but who have done evil to thee. And those will be thy best friends, not to whom thou hast done good, but who have done good to thee.
No one would have doubted his ability to reign had he never been emperor.
A bad peace is even worse than war.
Valor is of no service, chance rules all, and the bravest often fall by the hands of cowards.
Victor and vanquished never unite in substantial agreement.
Greater things are believed of those who are absent.
Abuse if you slight it, will gradually die away; but if you show yourself irritated, you will be thought to have deserved it.
Custom adapts itself to expediency.
