Australian,Actress
I had a fantastic mother who taught me self-confidence.
Everybody's funny if you love them.
I'm a huge camper, and love hiking and mountain biking.
I want somebody who's gonna need me.
I've been estranged from my father since I was eight.
I feel good about who I am.
My friends and I would get up early and take our horses through the national forest. My mom was very free. It was always 'Out of the house!' There was no watching television on weekends.
I love being physical, but I don't have any desire to prove myself.
I've found in my life that the parts that you're right for are the parts that you get. It's really usually quite easy because you're kind of right.
I wear Blundstones for hiking. They're like a work boot with a bit of grip, so you can wear them all day. They're quite groovy.
I just adore Kate Winslet. I love her because you're never aware of all the stuff that's going into her characterization and, yet, she completely transforms.
We just say things differently in Australia - like torch. I'd ask, 'Can I have the torch?' It seems to fall flat when I say, 'Can I have the flashlight?'
I didn't know much about video games.
I don't feel like I've hit my stride. So I wonder what the moment will be when I get to be who I want to be.
I live by the sea in Australia and the weather of course is glorious all year round.
I am a sucker for jackets!
I've read only fiction, so I don't know anything actual.
I'm terrible at practical jokes. I do them too well, so they're not funny. I end up saying, 'Oh, no, I'm joking, I'm joking.'
Shakespeare is all big themes, like the most amazing love, or the most scary war.
Why can't a woman be a little cooler in her emotions and a little quieter and more repressed without it being a huge thing? I've actually always quite enjoyed that, to tell you the truth.
Some people just aren't meant to be happy.
In film, you can have sad endings.
'Fringe' is a sci-fi show. But once you go beyond the genre, you're immersed in a profound reality.
Science fiction is becoming more of a diverse kind of genre.
Becoming a mother doesn't always change every aspect of your personality.
Every first episode of a season has been crafted like another pilot.
