Australian,Director
Ultimately, you have to pursue your own path, not someone's idea of the right path. You need to stay on your path.
The ugly duckling is a misunderstood universal myth. It's not about turning into a blonde Barbie doll or becoming what you dream of being; it's about self-revelation, becoming who you are.
I feel a kinship with anyone who feels that their road, their life or who they really are is not good enough. I really relate to that.
If Paris is a city of lights, Sydney is the city of fireworks.
A life lived in fear is a life half lived.
One of the great things about Sydney is that it has a great acceptance of everyone and everything. It's an incredibly tolerant city, a city with a huge multicultural basis.
Sydney is rather like an arrogant lover. When it rains it can deny you its love and you can find it hard to relate to. It's not a place that's built to be rainy or cold. But when the sun comes out, it bats its eyelids, it's glamorous, beautiful, attractive, smart, and it's very hard to get away from its magnetic pull.
I do find walking is fundamental to my creative process.
When I was growing up you would see big American films that really mythologised their landscape, that really showed the vastness and the drama of their country.
Sydney in general is eclectic. You can be on that brilliant blue ocean walk in the morning and then within 20 minutes you can be in a completely vast suburban sprawl or an Italian or Asian suburb, and it's that mix of people, it's that melting pot of people that give it its vital personality.
In the '60s not everybody was wearing flowers in their hair and flowing caftans.
I often think to myself, at the end of an interesting life it's maybe not such a bad thing to spend your last days with your friends sitting by the blue, blue ocean reliving the story of your life while sitting in the dangerous sun.
If you wanted to show a mirror to people that says, 'You've been drunk on money,' they're not going to want to see it. But if you reflected that mirror on another time they'd be willing to. People will need an explanation of where we are and where we've been, and 'The Great Gatsby' can provide that explanation.
The party is a true art form in Sydney and people practise it a great deal. You can really get quite lost in it.
I've tried to make 'Strictly Ballroom' impossible to date. It does feel a bit '80s but I consciously made sure there was no technology in the movie that could date it.
I feel like a member of any group comprised of outsiders.
At a very young age I was allowed to go into the cinema and watch adult films.
In terms of the mechanics of story, myth is an intriguing one because we didn't make myth up; myth is an imprinture of the human condition.
The food in Sydney is an Asian Pacific cuisine. It's eclectic but above all it's fresh, inventive and creative and that's what I love about it.
All good, clean stories are melodrama; it's just the set of devices that determines how you show or hide it.
There's a whole system in Hollywood where the director never speaks to the studio, but I like to engage them in a discussion. I listen.
I wouldn't take a directing job if I didn't think it was enriching life.
Western films don't do very well in India.
I never see things I make in the same way that the audience does. You can never do that.
I love dancing.
I think dance in any culture, in any form, is a true leveler.
