Australian,Musician
All my ego wants is to be sitting by a lake in Italy. It doesn't want to be backstage, warming up.
You can turn something into art just because of the way you tell people to look at it.
I have an addictive personality. I was addicted to computer games... and then all that obsessive nature just piled into music.
I think that connection with humans is so important. Sometimes I'll do this monologue and talk to the crowd, like, 'Come on, let's really connect here.' I don't think a lot of people understand it's a two-way exchange. Some people go to a show and are like, 'Yeah, you make me feel.' That's not how it works.
I love that way dance music can put you in a trance.
Hype is a good thing, but it can also be a bad thing if you aren't prepared to back it up.
My biggest enemy for the longest time was my head. When I first became successful, it made me anxious because I was overthinking everything, and you hear so many 'fail' stories.
I always try to work hard and get things done as soon as possible, but never at the loss of quality of the product.
I have had a pretty hardcore crash course on living out of a suitcase. Some people take consistency in their lives for granted. When you have little to none, you discover it's kind of a nice thing.
I think the most-played record in our house was the 'Big Chill' Soundtrack - so Smokey Robinson, Aretha Franklin, the Temptations, Otis Redding. I think that's where I got my love for a good hook, a good soul hook - really smooth and warm and from the heart.
It's like my parents' musical tastes are the mother and father of my music. It's their fault for making me so emotional and in tune with my emotions!
I studied audio engineering at university. The background I am from, music was never seen as a viable career; it was always a hobby.
When I was 21 or 22, I realized I was never going to be something else - I had to be a musician. I can't commit to anything unless I love it.
I just love a slow groove. I feel so comfortable in it. But I listen to a lot of fast music, a lot of techno and house.
An album is like a book or a diary or a snapshot... It just feels so like the end of a chapter when you finish one.
I came second in a 1,500-metre running race at school. I knew I couldn't have come first, so second was my version of first.
Sometimes I have to deal with trolls, and I just block them. But most of the time, Twitter's heaps of fun, actually.
All of my friends are really good dancers, which was initially why I never danced - we'd go out, and they would kill it, and I'd be like, 'Yeah, I'm just gonna sit at the bar.'
I think you can move to everything, but with some music, you just want to sit still. That's me, anyway.
On my Instagram, lots of people tag me in photos of just dudes with beards, and they're like, 'Oh my God, I met Chet Faker' and I'm like, 'That doesn't even look like me.'
My high school career counsellor said I shouldn't pursue music as a career.
I second guess everything I do musically, and I often could spend hours on, say, one snare sound.
I remember a concert for a visiting girls school, and that was the first time I ever sang - it was always about girls - that was the main thing. But somewhere along the line, it became a cathartic thing.
Learning to appreciate those things that aren't related to success has proved the biggest lesson.
I like a lot of independent brands - Melbourne's Kloke, Handsom and Neuw Denim, and Bassike in Sydney. It's easier to be proud of what you're wearing if you've met the people behind the brand and there's more of a personal story.
I'd wear all APC if I could afford it and wasn't embarrassing to go head-to-toe in one brand.
