Australian,Actor
For me, life is about experience and being a good person.
The more conflict and contrast you have with a character makes it more interesting.
I actually find it harder to act in the scenes where there's not much happening, say having a milkshake in the diner. That is far harder to do than straight scenes where there's a drama going on and you have something to do.
People who put themselves on the line and sacrifice their own safety for the greater good and for others, and anyone in any profession whose concern is the welfare for other people instead of the individual, are inspiring and important.
Growing up I always loved films that transport you to another world and has things you never see in every day life.
I enjoy working on a movie that lets your imagination run wild, it's great to be a part of and watch.
My dad works in child protection and he's spent many, many years in that line of work.
I feel like I'm ready for any dangerous situation that might come my way, provided I have a hammer on me.
I'm for comfort, not for style.
As a kid, you run around the house pretending to be a superhero, and now to be doing it as a job, I feel very lucky.
First time I looked at a Formula One car in person, I just stared at the cockpit, figuring I'd never get in there. The drivers wear the whole car like a tight-fitting suit.
I put the costume on and said 'It's not very comfortable, but it looks amazing,' so it's all good.
It wasn't until 'Thor' that I started lifting weights. It was all pretty new to me.
I have sporadic OCD cleaning moments around the house. But then I get lazy and I'm cured. It's a very inconsistent personality trait.
You have the massive world that was created by Marvel, and then you have these very intimate actors around you. There was as much character work on this as there would be on a little independent film. So, I felt very fortunate in that sense.
I get to stay active and that is my job at the moment, so I can't complain.
I grew up in a culture of motorbikes. So I like racing just fine. Quite a lot, actually. That was when I was a boy in Australia. And I never really made the jump to cars after that.
My daughter is full energy, like my wife and I, and strong-minded and has an opinion, like we do. And my boys, one's a bit more calm and chill, and the other is much more sensitive to things. You see this right away, when they're first born. One cried, one didn't, with the boys.
I entered the work force cleaning breast pumps at a pharmacy! It was a part-time gig while I was at school... no interview required.
Not often do you approach a character where people know more about him than you do.
It is often difficult to watch yourself onscreen, especially 60-feet high. As an actor, it is an uncomfortable experience.
As a kid, I loved any fantasy.
Strong female leads are important.
I was a chatty kid.
I like to explore things.
Work all paled into the background as soon as I had a baby.
I'm lucky. 'Thor' has kicked off everything I'm doing, and it's been the greatest thing for me, but I am aware that I need to mix it up a bit.
I hadn't read comics really before coming in to shooting the original 'Thor.' During that and beforehand, I read stacks and got my head around it all. We reference, especially when we were putting the script together before we started shooting, other stories.
I was filming 'The Avengers' when I got the call for 'Rush,' so I went from 215 pounds, which is how much I weigh when I'm playing Thor, down to about 185 pounds to be able to fit into the car. That was all in about four months.
We were living in California, and it just wasn't conducive for the lifestyle that we wanted with kids. Los Angeles is tricky to get around, there's paparazzi to deal with, and I had this feeling that I just wanted to move back to Australia.
My earliest memories were on the cattle stations up in the Outback. And then we moved back to Melbourne and then back out there and then back again. Probably my most vivid memories were up there in Bulman with crocodiles and buffalo.
