Australian,Dancer
And currently, there are four to five new works in the pipeline for upcoming celebrations such as the Sydney 2000 Olympics, Australian Federation, my 50th Birthday, and Sydney Dance Company's 25th Anniversary.
For me it was really important to get the essence out of the music for the story and not, sort of, press the music into the service of the whimsical telling of it.
We also tour nationally and internationally.
I think it requires a bit of honesty, Swan Lake.
I mean, I think in the early days we were pretty... pretty British in our entertainment leads.
We moved, and there was a golden era in the '40s when we were so conscious of who we were as Australians.
And dance is wonderful because dance is so immediate.
I'm thrilled at the moment because our audiences, you know, they... the demographic is 50% male.
Dance is so joyous.
I actually build my dreams around the dancers I've got in my company.
Sydney is a very good market for us - we have a very strong following here.
Normally our season is seven weeks in the Drama Theatre and four weeks in the Opera Theater.
Mostly, I'm in the very enviable position that no one dictates what I do.
I look at the dancers and I get the inspiration for the work from them.
I always figure I have this tree and there's always some green fruit that's not ready to pick or blossoms that are ready to flower; there are always some ready to drop off too.
I'm in the position to pick the cream of the crop.
There's a line of dancers waiting to get into Sydney Dance Company.
I'm interested in people who can take the movement somewhere.
It's not a company of exponents of my style.
No one was creating and I always wanted to be created on.
SDC has a great reputation for putting live music on stage.
We can't afford big symphonies but we commission works that sound rich and symphonic because of the nature of the instrumentation and the people we work with.
Yes, Carl Vine stuck around. He's now number one composer for choreography.
I think the Olympics could help us reach more people.
I don't think people we'll miss the fact that SDC is way up there and that our profile is high.
If the year 2000 can help us move into the future, that's fine, but I am afraid that people see it as a full stop and that one can take a big breath afterwards - you can't.
