Australian,Actor
If you make decisions based upon people's reactions or judgments then you make really boring choices.
I'm not good at future planning. I don't plan at all. I don't know what I'm doing tomorrow. I don't have a day planner and I don't have a diary. I completely live in the now, not in the past, not in the future.
I only do this because I'm having fun. The day I stop having fun, I'll just walk away.
I never took an acting class, so I've made all my mistakes on film.
The reason that you dance and sing is to make the audience feel like they're dancing and singing. As long as you're having fun with it and giving it 100 percent, they're gonna feel that.
I like to do something I fear.
If you're just safe about the choices you make, you don't grow.
In my opinion, New York City police officers are brave.
It can be a little distressing to have to overintellectualize yourself.
If you spend all day on horseback, and you hop off, you walk around like you still have a horse between your legs. And it affects your shoulders. They fall.
I don't feel like I have anything to lose, so I don't really understand what I'm putting at risk.
It's kind of a rule of thumb for me to self-doubt going into any kind of project. I always think that I shouldn't be doing it and I don't know how to do it and I'm going to fail and that I fooled them. I always try to find a way out.
I thought, I need to be more cautious about my choices - it reflects on who I am.
I am not a public speaker and never will be.
I never want to feel like I've achieved my goal. It's like Chinese farmers. They never admit that it's a good season. They feel like they'll be punished.
I feel like I'm wasting time if I repeat myself.
I generally don't think most situations can be labeled as black or white.
I don't have that much forward planning about what I want to do next, or in the future.
If you are just safe about the choices you make, you don't grow.
When I started to watch some of the films I'd done, I realized I was doing movies that I might not actually want to see.
When I first started acting, I was just crap.
I'm happy without money.
My life is together, both professionally and socially.
I'm still a kid. I'm like six years old. But it's just a matter of wanting to get up, it's just a big journey. I felt like when I left home that I was on a journey, and I still am.
I wasn't going to have fun doing a teen movie again.
It's odd, that's why I don't like telling people I played field hockey. It's real big in Australia for guys. But I say I played in America, and everybody goes, 'Oh, you girl!'
