Australian,Actress
I think there is nothing sexier than a handlebar moustache.
I love good food and I love to eat in nice restaurants. I love Japanese food. I love Gordon Ramsay in London; he is pretty amazing.
I auditioned for a movie recently, and when I went in, the producer said he'd told one of its stars, Naomi Watts, that he was auditioning me, and she'd said, 'She's so funny; she's a great actress - you should hire her.' What a lovely, kind, and supportive thing to do for another woman.
I love marriage. I think it's a wonderful institution and it's the most important decision you make.
What I loved about breast-feeding was that bond of one-on-one time. The serotonin that's released calms you down and connects you to the baby.
I love 'Monty Python,' 'Black Adder,' 'Fawlty Towers.' I'm a huge fan of British comedy.
All I know is that I've ruled out wearing fairy wings. When I was nine I wanted to get married in fairy wings, and now I realize that's not cool anymore.
I crashed my boyfriend's birthday when I was 12 years old. He didn't invite me and so I showed up.
I think all married couples tend to run things by each other in every capacity and we're not different to them.
You know, motherhood is my favourite topic in my personal life and I won't shut up about it, but it's not something I want to discuss publicly just because of the amount of attention it draws to a small person who didn't choose to be exposed.
I love religions and find them fascinating, and I find Judaism very beautiful. It's enriched my life enormously.
You can't underestimate how traumatic divorce is for the children.
When your parents divorce, it makes you grow up fast. I'd urge parents to strongly consider working things out. I'd work things out and I'd definitely stay put.
I never had the chutzpah to just come to L.A. and make it. I didn't have that confidence. I'm always surprised when I get a job.
Anytime anyone compliments me on my figure, I'm wearing my Spanx undies.
I'm not actually very good at the maintenance thing. I don't buff, exfoliate, pluck, rinse, moisturise, suck, bleach... whatever all those women do.
Women should not have to adopt masculine traits in order to succeed. You should be able to stay as a woman, and in tune with your femininity, and still be equal.
Women one hundred percent support each other in the movie industry.
I went to something like six different schools before the age of 12, so I was always the new girl and had to make friends quickly. It was difficult at the start because I was very bookish - I was literally sat in the corner reading books, with no friends.
You have to list all your special skills on a form when you get an agent. There's fencing, stage combat, horse riding, motorbike riding, Spanish, French, German, whatever. I just ticked everything. I talk about 10 languages according to that form. I even ticked the extreme sports box.
I breastfed both my kids for two years so, you know it was very tiring emotionally and physically.
You know, I didn't get to go to university because I've been acting since I was a kid.
When you're younger, being a redhead is... Well, my two brothers teased me no end.
I love acting, love it. It's the greatest fun in the world. I've never had trouble feeling extremely grateful.
I was raised as a tomboy with boys, and I never really feel like myself when I am really dolled up at premieres and showbiz events.
Family is 100 per cent my top priority.
You can look in the mirror and find a million things wrong with yourself. Or you can look in the mirror and think, 'I feel good, I have my health, and I'm so blessed.' That's the way I choose to look at it.
My mother worked when I was growing up, so I was under the impression I'd find it easy to be a working mum. But I found it very hard to be away from my family, even for short periods of time.
I just don't want to miss anything in the lives of my children while they are still young. It's why I don't audition for leading roles at all and why I say no to some of the supporting roles that I do get offered.
I'm happy with the idea of being a mum first and an actress second - I'm perfectly content for people to think of me as a stay-at-home mum, rather than an actress, if that is their perception.
I don't think one should incentivise the losing of teeth. I find the idea of a child getting an iPad, or a £20 note, for losing a tooth, utterly abhorrent. Fifty pence, or a pound at most, is what my children can expect from the Tooth Fairy.
