Australian,Actor
After 'A Good Day to Die Hard,' I had a bit of an identity crisis as far as where I wanted to place myself in the business. When it's all new and fresh, there is a lot of pressure to know what you represent, and I didn't really get that.
I started coming to L.A. as often as I could, for three months on and three months off, because immigration kicks you out after 90 days.
I was too young to be an avid enthusiast for the franchise, but like billions of people I remember as a child sitting around with the family on a Friday night with pizza and popcorn and a 'Die Hard' movie on.
I was a bit of a show-off in school and loved playing dress-up, and my passion for it just grew as I got older.
My mum is a school teacher and my dad is an electrician.
I don't know if I'm an action star or if that's just how things are shaping up. I would hate to be boxed into that forever, but it's probably just a strength as far as my type goes, and I'm fine with that.
I was always realistic about the fact I wanted to be involved with big films.
I've always played sport. I played rugby, I was involved in athletics, I played cricket... I'm an outdoors kind of guy.
I'm not someone who has a lengthy attention span, and that applies to my exercise routine as well.
When you're working with people you've seen in hundreds of films... it's a bit crazy to step outside yourself for a minute and think, 'This is surreal.' But I try not to get too bogged down in that.
I did this film with Russell Crowe called 'The Water Diviner,' which took place just after WWI. It was fascinating because the weapons between WWI and WII were very different. I had to learn how to ride horses in a battle setting. It was important that we rode a certain way.
With 'Divergent' and 'Insurgent,' there isn't great emphasis on uniformity; it's a vigilante military, the state is in disarray, and there is no reference point for authenticity, so it's just weapons work and circumstantial fighting.
Action roles - or any role - should go to the best guy for the job. People obsess about nationality. Hollywood and America might be the hub for pop culture and cinema for the Western world, but that shouldn't suggest that all the roles should go to young American men.
It's funny: a lot of roles I do read for mention physical presence - like, 'built like a quarterback' - and for me, it's pretty boring because I don't want that to be the most important thing. I'm not trying to be Dwayne Johnson.
For 'The Terminator,' I was asked to drop a bit of weight to get less physically imposing because it wasn't about an athletic build; the build they were looking for was something more unassuming or boyish. And it was tough!
Ideally, really ideally, you want to get to a place where you can have creative control over the material you do - choices, at least, anyway. And you want your choice of script and role. But do you really want your life to revolve around trying to maintain your privacy?
Would I want Johnny Depp's career? Sure! But do I want all the trappings and all the stuff that comes with that? I don't know. It's a pretty serious trade off. Can you prevent it? Probably not.
It's a funny thing because I don't want to wish away my privacy. Do I want 'Terminator Genisys' to explode? Absolutely. Do I want to take my career to the next level? Absolutely? You have to trade some things for that. It's all about how you conduct yourself and what you make of the experience.
I don't want to name drop, but Russell Crowe is the most famous person in my phone.
Sometimes filming can be grueling when you're shooting the same scene for a week, or you're sitting around for 7 hours a day. They sound like very first-world champagne problems. I don't mean to sound like life is so hard, but filming sometimes is tougher than other times.
I do love doing action, but if I can balance the scale by doing other kinds of films that satisfy my creative ambitions, that feels really important.
You get involved with a studio, and optional pictures and sequel options and that sort of thing are becoming part and parcel with the roles they're handing out.
If you get just a bit of exercise in before every meal, you'll really see a difference.
I wish I did something like yoga or Pilates. All the people I know who do it tell me it's incredible.
I would much rather have a couple of hundred grams of chicken in the afternoon than neck a shake. You're better off just keeping your diet relatively lean and eating simply.
The last time I played rugby, I busted my nose bad, and that's incentive not to get down and dirty in the park anymore.
