Australian,Actress
I love the opportunity to affect change in people's lives.
Don't let yourself be small because you want to fit in.
Anything written in the French Revolution, that kind of era, is so poignant.
I had my first screen-acting class in March 2015, and I was, like, 18, turning 19, so it's a risk trying to get into acting when you're that 'old,' in inverted commas.
I got into history when I was 11 years old, and it all started with the Titanic. I'd read books in the library about it. Of course I've seen the movie, too - I don't think I've ever cried that much.
Bullying has existed forever. Everyone has dealt with it, and teenagers, regardless of where they are, are dealing with the same stuff growing up.
I don't have Twitter, but Lady Gaga tweeted at me - like, reposted an interview where I was fangirling - and wrote, 'Katherine' with a love heart. And I kind of freaked out a little bit.
If I could time-travel, I would either go to the '70s and watch the first 'Star Wars' film the day it opened, or to 1880s London, during the Jack the Ripper era, and experience the true grossness of that time.
When you're 16 and when you're 17, you're kind of walking that fine line of being an adult and legally being able to look out for yourself, while being able to look out for yourself and being treated as a child.
To be honest, there is no place like home.
Being depressed is not a beautiful tragedy - it's hell and it's agony. Posting photos of someone that you don't have the consent for is illegal, and that's a huge, huge issue. We need to be teaching consent, and that's not just for photos.
I have never been attracted to increasing my popularity or hireability by being on Instagram.
What's important is for us to be aware that our actions have repercussions.
I've always been a little left-of-center at school.
I loved music, acting, and drama, but these weren't something I pursued until I was 19.
It isn't that easy to drop character, especially when you shoot for 12 to 16 hours a day for six months.
When you watch stuff that is YA, it looks like it's been made YA. It doesn't look real.
I think you always, with anything, need to have different viewpoints.
Often, when you're growing up, you don't know what's wrong. We don't talk openly enough about mental illness. How do you know - especially today with the incredibly high stress teens are put under during high school - if you have depression or if you have a mental illness or if you have anxiety? You don't know, because you've never seen it.
The first thing that I put in my apartment was a piano. I bought one for $50, and it was a lifesaver because I just went home and played and played... I'm sure I annoyed everyone on the same floor.
It's not that Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter aren't really great mediums - let's be honest; technology allowing us to be able to contact people around the world is fantastic - but it's also so detrimental.
I just want to keep doing good projects with good people.
I'm a big historical-fiction fan.
I love 'Star Trek: Voyager!'
I love sci-fi and period pieces - it's fantasy. I can let myself dream a little bit. But also, I just really love science. I love knowing about how the world works.
This may just be me, but I feel like everyone's dream is to live as an American high school student. There are so many teen films set in America that you live vicariously through them, anyway.
