Australian,Writer
Looking back, I wince at the careless way I tossed out my opinions.
At times during high school and college I wished to be a sportswriter.
I have decided to follow in my sinful ways, and have largely abandoned the increasingly religious life I was leading over the previous months, including several hours of Talmudic study a day.
Judaism is much more communal, and partly as a consequence of my religious switch, I am increasingly more suspicous of my previous view that what people do in the privacy of their own home is their business alone.
The Seventh Day Adventist Church believes that it was specially chosen by God to prepare the world for the Second Coming of His Son Jesus.
Everything we do affects other people.
Acting in anger and hatred throughout my life, I frequently precipitated what I feared most, the loss of friendships and the need to rely upon the very people I'd abused.
I learned from my Adventist upbringing that the biggest sins were sexual.
I loved history, particularly of the British, American and Old Testament kind.
I teethed on books of heroes such as Winston Churchill, Abraham Lincoln and King David.
I believed that English-speaking people had a divine mission to civilize the world by making it western, democratic and Christian.
I did not want to reject religion as nonsense because life seemed to have no ultimate purpose without it, and most of the good people I knew were Christians.
I've often thought that my lack of intimacy with those around me is the fault of those around me.
My habit of glorifying things far away in space and time, also contributed to my social isolation.
In my right-wing politics of the time, I held that unemployment was usually the fault of the unemployed.
I knew in my gut that there was something wrong with a system that couldn't fire its incompetents, and I had my share of incompetent college teachers.
At the time I perceived most religious men, particularly the pastors with all their talk about love, faith and relationship, as effeminate.
I decided to take God and organized religion seriously, and to reject the secular life which in my teens had looked attractive because it allowed me to act in any way that I wanted.
I now attend non-orthodox synagogues, and study little during the secular week.
I'm one of the guys who wants to watch the film completely done, with special effects, sound and music, because I tend to get disappointed if I watch it not fully done.
I'm not jumping into anything fast. I'm an actor that likes to choose my work and there's an element of good taste to my work.
I've had horror movies thrown at me and I just don't want to do any because violence isn't really good for society.
With 'The Mummy' it was a fantasy action adventure. You get taken away for a few hours and come out and feel revamped and ready to go into the world and enjoy your next day at work.
One in 150 kids is autistic these days. The autism spectrum is growing.
If 'Black Balloon' had come out before 'The Mummy,' casting agents wouldn't have been able to see me for the first time in 'The Mummy.' But now that 'The Mummy' has come out before 'The Black Balloon,' that's a very good combination.
The thing about me is I have a great little acting school. I teach about 125 students.
