Australian,Actress
I think Australians do well here because we feel a bit naughty, like we're in America and if they only knew how much fun we were having, we'd all get thrown out, you know.
I hardly knew anything when I first arrived. I had to learn how to act as I went along. After about a year I got a grip on what acting was all about and it started coming straight from my heart; I wasn't just saying the words any longer.
I don't know, I think people who meet me just get pretty much what I am.
No matter what the character is, I just say to myself 'If I, Melissa George, was in that situation, how would I react?' and once you do that you can just go for it, and hopefully the performance comes through.
I think people who meet me just pretty much get what I am about.
The great thing about film is you start and finish. It's a journey that lasts so long, TV lasts a long time.
I like to play different ranges. When you get really deeply involved in the emotional parts, I enjoy that just as much as the fun and laughter.
My background is Scottish.
I'm very focused when I'm making a movie, but I'm also a fantastic multitasker.
I had to learn everything about manufacturing, patents and how to run a business, and eventually I came up with an prototype that worked.
From about eight years old I was always making things on the sewing machine. Friends would see me making dresses and costumes, and I'd use difficult fabrics such as Lycra and elastic. But you know, my dad was creative and my brother is inventive too.
Everytime I get offered theatre I get offered a film role too.
I'd like to work with David Lynch again.
Jennifer Garner and I are very close.
I go to work, and think 'wow, they pay me for this', and I go home.
Mum and dad thought I was going to say I was pregnant. I said oh no, no, I've just been nominated for a Golden Globe. They were like, oh that's lovely, love.
Sometimes I take a movie selfishly because it's a female lead.
I just thought, 'I want to be an action hero.'
