Australian,Actress
Photography, for me, is something I can control fully. It's wholly my own expressions.
You never choose the way that you're raised, it's just the way that you were raised, but you do get to a certain age where you're in a position to question the expectations of you and the way that you've been formed by your surroundings.
I'd love to go off to college to study photography, art history, humanities.
I like my anonymity - that when I meet people they don't know me.
As a teenager I was very anxious. I had a lot of energy and passion that I wanted to channel into creative things, and I always felt like I wasn't achieving enough.
I want to just do my job and do it well.
You have an awareness of your body and how to use it and I think that if you can embody a character physically it's another really useful tool.
I got the first thing I auditioned for - a guest role on two episodes on 'All Saints,' and I don't think I had ever been that excited.
It's amazing how much you can absorb on a film set.
I get restless easily so I always want to keep working, but I am trying to pace it as well.
I like to be absorbed in what my character's doing.
Dance has such an intensity to it. You become, in a way, an intense person.
Coming from dance, I feel acting is - I'm not going to say easy, because it's not. But the dance world is more hard-core.
The jobs I enjoy most are the ones where I never feel like I'm performing. I'm just feeling things.
I like to do projects that challenge me, and hopefully in turn challenge the audience, or open your eyes to something you're not aware of.
I was shy at school.
My mom used to have a lot of European cinema playing in the house, so I'd catch bits and pieces of films.
What I like about film is it explores imperfections.
Although I'm not particularly troubled myself, I do have a lot of empathy for troubled characters.
With a corset on, you can't breathe properly.
I was probably a bit of a mimic when I was a kid, and I used to imitate people.
Dance is such a stressful environment.
Acting really suited me because I could connect as an actor to emotion.
There comes a point in your life when you realize your parents aren't perfect.
I like characters who remind me of someone I know.
Doing an accent removes you from yourself and reminds you, every instant, that you're playing a part.
I've been honoured to portray such intelligent and sophisticated roles.
I've never been happier to be born in this time than when I was wearing a corset.
As an actor you have to wait for someone to cast you, so you're relying on the business.
With both acting and ballet, often you can't just choose when you do it, whereas a painter can go at his own pace.
I like to think of myself as an observer.
Once you're put out there in the public eye, people feel a certain ownership over you.
Often, if I read a story and I'm moved, I have an understanding for a character and I don't really know why.
All the time that I'm acting with an animated character, I'm looking at a tennis ball or sticky tape or an eyeline or a man in a green suit. There's no real environment, just this electric green that's blaring into your brain.
When you look at magazines, you feel so inadequate and so small and you feel really imperfect, when you're constantly seeing these images.
Popularity is very inconsistent. Sometimes it's there, sometimes it's not. It usually just comes in waves.
