Australian,Musician
If you look around, complacency is the great disease of your autumn years, and I work hard to prevent that.
Getting married, for me, was the best thing I ever did. I was suddenly beset with an immense sense of release, that we have something more important than our separate selves, and that is the marriage. There's immense happiness that can come from working towards that.
A gentleman never talks about his tailor.
I am not interested in anything that doesn't have a genuine heart to it. You've got to have soul in the hole. If that isn't there, I don't see the point.
'Inspiration' is a word used by people who aren't really doing anything.
There's an element to songwriting that I can't explain, that comes from somewhere else. I can't explain that dividing line between nothing and something that happens within a song, where you have absolutely nothing, and then suddenly you have something. It's like the origin of the universe.
An artist's duty is rather to stay open-minded and in a state where he can receive information and inspiration. You always have to be ready for that little artistic Epiphany.
In getting older, I find myself becoming progressively more ineffectual in a lot of different ways, and part of that is down to no longer having the youthful feeling that what you're doing has any true impact.
The blues is instilled in every musical cell that floats around your body.
I've spent my life butting my head against other people's lack of imagination.
I lost my innocence with Johnny Cash. I used to watch the 'Johnny Cash Show' on television in Wangaratta when I was about 9 or 10 years old. At that stage I had really no idea about rock n' roll. I watched him, and from that point I saw that music could be an evil thing - a beautiful, evil thing.
I always thought my records were number one; it's just the charts didn't think so.
I write a lot, and very often I write a couple of lines that are particularly revealing in some kind of way. And then as a few more lines get added and a piece gets added, eventually the song pretty much takes over and you can't really find a way to change those things.
I think it's a part of us as human beings that we search outside of ourselves for meaning.
I suspect the older you get the more invisible you become.
With writing a song, I've always felt, right from the start, like I'm scraping the bottom of the barrel. I don't ever feel there's a font of ideas to fall back on.
Texting is apocalyptic on some level. It's a reduction of things.
You can't trust an artist that just makes good records.
I'm hugely self-critical in the morning.
Guns are part of the American psyche, aren't they? This is collateral damage for having a Wild West mentality. It's intrinsic to the American psyche. It's never going to change.
Kylie Minogue is the greatest thing that has happened to Australian music.
The concept of God in America is very different than it is in England. Because we see the horrendous outcome of religion as being an American thing, in which the name of God has been hijacked by a gang of psychopaths and bullies and homophobes, and the name of God has been used for their own twisted agendas.
Songwriting, I have to take myself away from everybody to do. It's an unsightly act.
Writing screenplays makes me a better musician because it clears my head. After writing a movie, I go running back to music as fast as I can.
I just want to leave this world with a massive catalog of songs.
Songs you can dip in and out of, but a book... well, it can overpower you.
I'm kind of old-school and love nothing more than sitting, opening a book, and reading it. But I also love listening to audio books.
Film seems to be a medium designed for betrayal and violence.
I'm very happy to hear that my work inspires writers and painters. It's the most beautiful compliment, the greatest reward. Art should always be an exchange.
I'm a believer. I don't go to church. I don't belong to any particular religion, but I do believe in God. I couldn't write what I write about and be creative without a certain form of belief.
At some point you start seeing the difference between what you really want, and what is your priority order. I feel that today I know what I want. That's the problem with perspective, as well as focus and concentration.
I don't think Hollywood makes many good films anymore. How many directors can you really trust to have an artistic vision, not a corporate vision or a watered-down communal one?
If beautiful movies can influence you to go out and hug your children, then we have to be honest and say that other movies can inspire you to do bad things.
I've always been at war with the guitar. All vocalists are fighting a war with the electric rhythm guitar.
L.A. is full of screenwriters. I don't know why. On many levels, it's such a thankless occupation.
It's possible to get through life without a religious structure, but I don't think that's a very fruitful way to live.
I used to believe that if I could do certain things - write a book or be a successful musician - that I'd be transformed into a happy person, but it doesn't work that way.
One of my big fears is drying up, and the more I create, the more I feel myself shrinking beneath the backlog of work I've done.
People often can't separate, or can't understand, that to be funny is to be serious; it's a way of pulling people in and not scaring them off. I think a lot of the funny stuff, underneath it, there's a deep anxiety going on.
I've always felt like an imposter, in the whole, as a musician.
My father was a teacher and my mother also worked in the school, so the family has a background in education.
I don't really do Japanese interviews. I don't think there's much call for me in Japan.
When you're on your own, you have all the self-censorship that everybody has when they try and write. All the little voices that say, 'No, you can't write that, what will they think of that?'
It's always a pleasure on a personal note for me to come back to Australia.
The only person who can say they're happy getting old is someone who isn't actually old yet. Every day, I get less and less happy about that idea.
Most screen violence is tedious.
Writing is a necessary thing for me, just to keep myself level. It has beneficial effects on my life.
I won't go into the details, but I ready myself for the day. I am a high-maintenance type of guy.
If I'm hanging around too much, my wife and kids say, 'Hey, why don't you go downstairs and start a new novel?'
People are always surprised to see clues to my being a normal kind of guy. As if I'm somehow letting the team down.
The more settled I've become, the more problematic my characters have become. There was a period when I wrote sensitive and gentle songs and these came at a time when life was at its most destructive. I think you write about what you need, on some level.
Self-editing is the way I write. Ten verses of a song and it's finished. Then we start playing it and if I see that it's too long, I'll start cutting.
If you took love out of the equation, I wouldn't know what else to write about.
I don't feel I'm thrown around by the winds of taste and fashion.
My muse is my wife. It's not some vague thing that flutters around the astrosphere or wherever it is. Sometimes as a songwriter you need something to hang a song on, to give it some kind of presence and form. For me, Susie is that.
I don't write happy songs. Who does? I don't know anybody who writes happy songs, really.
My music has to do with beauty, and it's intended to, if not lift the spirits, then be a kind of a balm to the spirits.
The more information you have, the more human our heroes become and consequently the less mysterious and godlike. They need to be godlike.
I'm not saying this in a condescending kind of way, but it's quite simple: The making of America was a heroic thing. Australia has a much murkier, much more complex view of its history. It's just full of all these open wounds we don't really know what to do with.
The work ethic at art school is completely different than the work ethic amongst people who get into music. People who paint, it's an honorable thing to spend all day and all night in front of your canvas - that is the romantic vision of the painter.
I'm not in the business of telling people what to do. I'm much more in the business of describing things, situations and stuff like that and leaving them out there, and you can make up your minds about them.
The big problem with songwriting for me is starting a new song. It's the thing where all the anguish exists, not in the writing of the song, but the starting of the new song.
What you're really after when you see a film or listen to a song is a singular vision, and I'm not sure how much of that you really get in Hollywood.
Early on I realized when you write a song about someone, it flatters them on some level, and gives you a lot of room to move within a relationship. A song can kind of get the girl, for sure.
I've always hated narrative songs. I hate those songs where, basically, it's an unfolding of a story.
Personally I find the story of Christ incredibly moving.
The band is a living, breathing thing. It grows in the same way we do as human beings and if it doesn't, it dies. It's important to feed the organism, and one way of doing that is to set musical challenges that keep it alive.
The idea of songwriting is a transformative thing, and what I do with songwriting is take situations that are quite ordinary and transform them in some way. Apart from things like the murder ballads, the songs I write, at their core, are quite ordinary human concerns, but the process of writing about them transforms them into something else.
The problem with books, now that I've written one, is that the idea of adaptation is so much easier than sitting down to write something new.
When you're making a film, there are so many people involved that you get opinions and notes from people and you don't even know who they are. I find that quite difficult and it wears you down.
I've watched 'Oprah Winfrey.' And I'm proud. I don't care what anybody says! I don't know whether I've watched it. I've been in the room while it's been on.
I'm a kind of hard-wired pessimist. I can't help but see the world in a certain kind of way.
When I perform onstage, I'm actually kind of nearsighted, so I don't have any real, true understanding of what the audience is like.
I see it as my duty in some way is to be out in the world as an Australian putting forward what I consider to be authentic Australian music.
At school I was an anti-magnet for women.
My records are basically a litany of complaints against the world, and I'm quite like that in real life as well.
I write hate lyrics really well. It's not every day you can use them, really.
Everything that's said against me offends me, whether it's true or not.
I love performing. I can get to be that person I always wanted to be - godlike.
I've always worn suits. To me they're a very practical kind of thing to wear. You put one on and don't really have to think about what you're going to wear.
I get criticized for a lot of what I write about, but as far as I'm concerned I'm actually standing up and having a look at what goes on in the minds of men, and I have the authority to talk about it because I'm a man.
I have a very strange relationship in general with women around my music. There's some that understand it and some that think there should be a law against it.
When you're talking about rock n' roll, myth-making is what it's all about.
Look, when I look back, from 20 onwards, I was actually having a pretty good time, I have to say.
I know when I sit with my band members and we're playing back a song that we've done, I know that they're experiencing it in a completely different way and hearing stuff that they're alerted to because the way the interpret the world is through their ears. Mine is through my eyes.
The idea of acting is something that absolutely repulses me. I just can't do it. I'm terrible at it. I get roped into films every now and then, and it's always a disaster.
It's an Australian thing to be dismissive. We find that endearing. Americans don't. They believe what you say.
What I'm resistant to is the 'Walk the Line' biopic, where you have this redemptive life done in two hours. It just doesn't wash with me. I've been there and things don't work out that way.
I have a particular dislike for children's films. I'm way past the novelty aspect.
No, I wouldn't direct a movie, no. I couldn't. I don't have the patience for it, I don't have the people skills. You have to be clever. I'm not really clever in that kind of way. And you have to be able to manipulate people, but at the same time allow them to feel like they are manipulating you, to get the kind of movie that you want.
If you're Australian, you feel it in your bones because you're at odds with everybody else, except other Australians, in the sense that people always seem to be behaving strangely. People always seem to be behaving the wrong way, in a different way. You say things and there are silences.
I don't know, maybe Australian humour isn't supposed to be funny. It's as dry as the Sahara, and I think people miss that.
The guitar is something you kind of embrace, and the piano is something you kind of - when you play it, you sort of push it away. It feels very different.
Most of my ideals and stuff really come from my mother.
To me, I don't write when I'm depressed. If I'm depressed, which is actually rare, I'm not doing anything, you know, and I'm not able to do anything.
I don't have any authority to talk about the domestic policies of America. But as an outsider, I am mystified by the fact that you are encouraged to buy a gun, but if you use it for the purpose that it is expressly designed for, you get the death penalty. That aspect of America is kind of mystifying.
I'm an Australian, and when I grew up much of my influences were American - blues music and country music, all that sort of thing.
Being a parent can make you a horrible person at times, because you're pushed to the limit constantly.
I'm not someone who's particularly in touch with the way they feel. I've heard it said that you should be a 'human being' not a 'human doing', but I'm a human doing, very much so.
There's always pain around. That's one thing you can guarantee in life - there will always be a surplus of pain.
Most of the time, feelings just seem to get in the way. They're a luxury for the idle, a bourgeois concept. Feelings are overrated.
You write a scene, and it works or it doesn't. It's immediate.
When I'm singing 'Deanna,' for example, which I sing pretty much every night, it brings forward a kind of imagined, romanticized lie about this particular person, which I find really comforting and exciting to sing about.
I would hate to think my songs were giving advice to people.
Some people, myself in particular, have an adversarial relationship with the camera, and it sprouts up in every photograph.
The big problem with songwriting for me is starting a new song. It's the thing where all the anguish exists, not in the writing of the song, but the starting of the new song. What do I write about? I never know.
