Australian,Actor
'Crocodile Dundee' is about people; it's 10 seconds about crocodiles.
The secret to my success is that I bit off more than I could chew and chewed as fast as I could.
I enjoy being part of the entertainment industry, although I'm the laziest person that I've met yet in this business.
Rich and famous is not bad, but poor and famous sucks.
Cricket needs brightening up a bit. My solution is to let the players drink at the beginning of the game, not after. It always works in our picnic matches.
Well, there's nothing strange about Americans as a whole. But, Angelinos are different!
Come and say G'day!
I only work every couple of years. I go into retirement between films.
What career? A man's got a body of film of about four movies in about 10 years or something. I do it because I think I can do a good job of something and I'll enjoy it, do it, and sort of vanish. I don't want to be an actor for hire.
I didn't get into entertainment until I was like 31. I didn't star in a movie until I was 46.
You're here to sweat. This program is live. There's about one thousand million people watching you. So, you remember - one wrong word, one foolish gesture and your whole career could go down in flames. Hold that thought and have a nice night.
People don't hassle me. It's always very friendly anywhere in the world.
I'm not an aspiring young actor; I'm a storyteller who made it late in life, and I'm therefore an inspiration to everyone who thinks that, at 23, if you're not in the Backstreet Boys, then you're never gonna make it.
There's a bit of truth in everything I do, you know.
I'd never walked on snow 'til I was 50, you know. There's no snow where I come from.
There are quite a few actors in the business who are much more difficult than kids or monkeys.
I was flavour of the year for a couple of years, and then, like everyone else, I faded into obscurity. I didn't car;, I loved it.
I don't like rehearsing.
I'm the only person who's ever opened the Oscars or done a spot on the Oscars without a script and having it on autocue.
It's got more cosmopolitan, and it's lost its uniqueness, but Australia is still a great place.
