Australian,Actress
I love being able to wear dresses and clothes that make me feel feminine and beautiful, and I love the fact that I don't have to all the time; I can wear a tank and jeans.
Everyone is their own kind of lesbian. To think there's a certain way to dress or present yourself in the world is just one more stereotype we have to fit into.
When I watched Ellen come out in '97, my jaw was on the floor. I thought, There are some people who break the doors down, hold them open, and some people who walk right through.
My feelings for Ellen overrode all of my fear about being out as a lesbian. I had to be with her, and I just figured I'd deal with the other stuff later.
When I was 15, I changed my name legally. I think it was largely due to my struggle about being gay. Everything just didn't fit, and I was trying to find things I could identify myself with, and it started with my name.
I never, ever, restrict food, and I will never go on a diet ever again.
My sexuality is a part of me that I really like. But it's not the totality of me.
It sounds so trite, but my private life is mine.
When you have the paparazzi hiding in the bushes outside your home, the only thing you can control is how you respond publicly.
Supermodels are over, and the new picture girl has become the television actress.
If you've looked at all the glamour magazines lately, all the covers are actresses. If they are on those covers, they are going to try to emulate models. That's just the way it is.
Just look at all the awards shows now. It has turned into a catwalk. You have to be wearing a certain designer, a certain dress, and everyone's critiquing.
We must be able to inspire. That's my goal in acting.
I want to exude strength and intelligence.
People might find me attractive, but it's also my job to prove that I can be intelligent.
I try to be feminine, yet intellectual and smart at the same time. You don't see enough of that.
I want young people to see me and think you can be feminine and smart and successful, all at the same time.
The most important thing for me was to never, ever, ever deny it. But I didn't really have the courage to talk about it. I was thinking, The people who need to know I'm gay know.
I'm living by example by continuing on with my career and having a full, rich life, and I am incidentally gay.
I justified it in so many ways. I had a very, very long and difficult struggle with my sexuality.
I thought, I'm out in my life, that doesn't involve my public life.
I married him for a green card. We had a really great, caring relationship; it just obviously wasn't right for me.
I didn't choose the fact that I was gay, but I did choose whether to live my life as a gay woman-that was the terrifying thing for me. Especially being a gay actress.
I had a hell of a time convincing people I was gay - which was so annoying!
You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy.
I was very sexual from a very young age.
