Australian,Writer
The desert is natural; when you are out there, you can get in tune with your environment, something you lose when you live in the city.
I love the desert and its incomparable sense of space.
By taking to the road, we free ourselves of baggage, both physical and psychological. We walk back to our original condition, to our best selves.
The two important things I did learn were that you are as powerful and strong as you allow yourself to be, and that the most difficult part of any endeavor is taking the first step, making the first decision.
People who wander are nicer to be with. Movement militates against hoarding possessions and against bigotry, because you are constantly moving across boundaries and having to negotiate with people.
Australia's arid western region, from the town of Alice Springs to the Indian Ocean coast, is a beautiful, haunting, but largely empty land. Dominated by the harsh, almost uninhabited Great Sandy and Gibson deserts, the region is known only to Australian Aborigines, a handful of white settlers, and the few travelers who motor across it.
Life's the adventure. You don't have to drop your bundle and go bush. It's about being brave within the context that you're in.
Some of the best conversations I've had are sitting around a camp fire.
You really can expand the boundaries of your life and do risky things and prove yourself by doing them.
Think for yourself. Act for yourself. Find out what you're capable of.
I don't want to be bored; I don't want to be with someone I don't respect.
I do not mean to say that we should, or could, return to traditional nomadic economies. I do mean to say that there are systems of knowledge and grand poetical schemata derived from the mobile life that it would be foolish to disregard or underrate. And mad to destroy.
Camels are wonderful animals. Witty, intelligent and sensitive.
The French word for wanderlust or wandering is 'errance.' The etymology is the same as 'error.' So to wander is to make mistakes. In other words, to make mistakes, to make errors is sort of the idea of learning through trial and error, allowing the mistakes to be part of the process.
Much of the time I'm an introvert, by choice spending a lot of time on my own. I suppose liking my solitude is part of a writer's sensibility.
During these last ten thousand years, we have made massive, unprecedented changes to the environment, creating problems for ourselves that we may not be able to solve.
Camels are still trained in Alice Springs for tourist jaunts and for occasional sale to Australia's zoos.
You apply the skills you use to produce your own book to make an anthology. Shaping. Rhythm.
These days I am ruled by doubt, and that is a difficult place to write from.
As we've lost this idea of pilgrimage, we've lost this idea of human beings walking for a very, very long time. It does change you.
The genre has moved into this commercial aspect of itself, and ignored this extraordinarily rich literature that's filed everywhere else except under travel.
There are worse things than being called 'the camel lady,' I suppose.
If you are fragmented and uncertain, it is terrifying to find the boundaries of yourself melt.
It is always interesting being on films sets - I have done it before with other actor friends - and I just find it fascinating. I just love that collaborative film family that develops around a project.
The romantic view would be that nomads are wonderful people, better than us; they care about the environment.
In every religion I can think of, there exists some variation on the theme of abandoning the settled life and walking one's way to godliness. The Hindu sadhu, the pilgrims of Compostela walking past their sins, the circumambulators of the Buddhist kora, the haj.
Some instinct - and I think it was a correct one - led me to do something difficult enough to give my life meaning.
You have to remember that I was an Australian girl of the Fifties and Sixties. For Australians at that time, it was imperative to get out of the country and discover the world.
The idea of finding things out, I hope that will stay with me until I drop.
Thank God for being a writer, because you do sort of find out what you think by the process of writing.
I think people are frightened by different things, so I don't see myself as particularly courageous.
At the age of 25, I gave up my study of Japanese language and culture at university in Brisbane and moved to the town of Alice Springs.
