Australian,Actor
I've lost love. I've tried to reclaim a lost love and didn't know how to do it.
Every actor fears unemployment - even me.
When I was in my 20s, I thought I knew who I was. And then as soon as I turned 30, I realized that person has bruises and bumps and dark parts. And you kind of go, well, that's it. I'd rather embrace it than force myself to change.
I'm Australian! How much more alpha can you get?
Most actors go, 'I read the script and fell in love with it'; I fall in love with the directors.
When I do my job, I dive into these characters and try to flush something out of myself into these characters, and hopefully that translates well.
A lot of these people were getting to where they didn't need help anymore. You have to start all over again.
People care and are willing to help me out my desperate circumstances.
To supply people for ages in camps makes no sense... you have to rebuild that cabana that they rent out to tourists on the weekend. They need help getting their fields repaired and their boats repaired.
You help families focus on the future through their children.
I also care that the public are getting their 12 dollars worth when they go to a movie, and that they're not coming out not wanting to ever see a movie with me in it again. I don't care what people think of me as a person, but I do care what people think of my work, and whether I'm investing enough into it.
I didn't set out to be famous; if I'd wanted that, I would have gone on 'Big Brother.'
I love my job; I love the world that it is. But I don't want someone who is just in love with that world. I want to be with someone who is in love with me, warts and all.
I like to play board games a lot with my girl, things like that. We attempt to cook. And even if it goes wrong, it doesn't matter because it's the time you spend doing it that's important.
In the movies, they make you look good and tough, but in real life, it's completely the opposite. I do these ueber roles, I think, because in real life I'm quite shy and reserved. In real life, I'm a dork.
I don't care what people think of me as a person, but I do care what people think of my work, and whether I'm investing enough into it.
Well, I think the world changes around you - I think you don't change. That's as simple as that.
A mate of mine told me recently, 'It's the first time I've seen you work, Worthington.' I thought that was quite funny, but he was right.
Oh, isn't it cool? It's so cool being an actor! It's so cool having my face on a bus.
I hate downtime.
Growing up, you tended to just go through school to get out, then figure out what you want to do in this big ball of mud.
I do movies I would go to see.
My private life stays private.
Starting out, they told me: 'You're a good-looking guy. We'll put you in this role, and you can be a conduit for the audience into this side of the story.' But I've grown up, and that's not what I want anymore. My concept of the job I do has evolved. And it is a job, nothing more.
My dad had to work for everything in his life; so did my mum: she cleaned people's houses and looked after old people. You can be complacent and sit on the couch and complain about the dreams that you missed. Get off the couch!
I think if they suddenly cut away and you realize there is a stunt guy, you're out of the movie.
