Australian,Scientist
I believe that education is all about being excited about something. Seeing passion and enthusiasm helps push an educational message.
I have no fear of losing my life - if I have to save a koala or a crocodile or a kangaroo or a snake, mate, I will save it.
Crikey means gee whiz, wow!
Take the crocodile, for example, my favorite animal. There are 23 species. Seventeen of those species are rare or endangered. They're on the way out, no matter what anyone does or says, you know.
I believe our biggest issue is the same biggest issue that the whole world is facing, and that's habitat destruction.
I've probably saved thousands of peoples' lives with my educational message on snake bites, how to get in around venomous anything.
I believe sustainable use is the greatest propaganda in wildlife conservation at the moment.
I get called an adrenaline junkie every other minute, and I'm just fine with that.
Every cent we earn from Crocodile Hunter goes straight back into conservation. Every single cent.
You know, you can touch a stick of dynamite, but if you touch a venomous snake it'll turn around and bite you and kill you so fast it's not even funny.
Yeah, for some reason parrots have to bite me. That's their job. I don't know why that is. They've nearly torn my nose off. I've had some really bad parrot bites.
Where I live if someone gives you a hug it's from the heart.
Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.
My belief is that what comes across on the television is a capture of my enthusiasm and my passion for wildlife.
Snakes are just very instinctive to me. I've been playing with snakes since before I could walk. It doesn't matter where or what it is, from the biggest to the most venomous.
There's a lot of research behind the scenes that you don't get to see, but I have an instinct that my dad nurtured from when I was born. I was very lucky then.
So, my tactic with conservation of apex predators is to get people excited and take them to where they live.
Since I was a boy, from this house, I was out rescuing crocodiles and snakes. My mum and dad were very passionate about that and, I was lucky enough to go along.
So fear helps me from making mistakes, but I make lot of mistakes.
So now what happens is the cameras follow me around and capture exactly what I've been doing since I was a boy. Only now we have a team of, you know, like 73 of us, and it's gone beyond that.
My dad taught me from my youngest childhood memories through these connections with Aboriginal and tribal people that you must always protect people's sacred status, regardless of the past.
The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue.
When I talk to the camera, mate, it's not like I'm talking to the camera, I'm talking to you because I want to whip you around and plunk you right there with me.
No matter where you go and what you do in America, you turn the tele on and you're confronted with violence.
I am optimistic globally. So many scientists are working frantically on the reparation of our planet.
I'm a proud Australian, a very, very proud Australian.
