Australian,Actor
If I went on vacation, I'd rather go camping than stay in some four-star hotel... My friends treat me the same at home. They just want to sit down with you and have a beer.
I'm a farm boy. I would rather live in that time when you had to provide for your family. I don't know. I'm a country kid, so I don't like modern technology.
I dress like a bum all the time. I'm a pretty casual fella.
Half of acting is you're very intimidated, overcoming your fears, letting yourself be vulnerable in front of people and that sort of stuff.
As an actor, sometimes you've gotta take the jobs that you may not want to do. It's so hard to work as an actor.
I don't like technology and all that. I'm a farm boy. I would rather live in that time when you had to provide for your family. I don't know. I'm a country kid, so I don't like modern technology.
I'm way more attracted to character stuff and darker roles. It's just my personality, I guess.
It's hard to prove yourself when the substance isn't there in certain roles.
You don't get recognized that much unless you want to get recognized, like if you go to the fancy joints and that. It's like, L.A. - there are 10 restaurants. If you want to be seen, you go.
Good shows tend to be more fun to do. If you feel like you are doing something good and making a good show, it is a lot more enjoyable.
I'm always thinking I'm messing up. I did a lot of classes. I can't stand being on stage or the only one talking in a room, so class really helped me deal with that. It doesn't really get any easier, but it helps you focus on the acting.
I hate learning lines, so the fight stuff's always my favorite.
I eat with my hands when I am home alone!
I'm the most unlikely person when it comes to fashion. I don't really have much sense of it.
People take years learning how to act; it's a skill, not just a job. If I tried it out and thought I'd be OK, then perhaps I'd go for it, but it's not the kind of thing you can get into just because of your looks.
I don't take care of myself at all. I've no idea why I'm not a fat bloater. I eat everything and anything. I never cook and just eat take-outs.
I haven't changed a bit. I go out with my mates, but I probably have to watch what I do a little more.
I went to university for a year, and I'm not one for schooling and have no enjoyment sitting in a classroom all day and ended up going to live in England for two years, just to travel. I worked in a bar in a hotel for a couple of years and had no intention of becoming an actor. That's where I met my agent.
I don't like getting up in front of people and being the loud one when everybody's out quiet and you're the only one talking. I'm not a fan of that. I'm fine when I get in front of a camera, I don't care. You'll never see me on stage. Not at all.
I'm not drawn to actresses, but I have no rules about that. I just want to be around positive people. The toughest thing will be to find a girl who will be prepared to live in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the country. I don't think L.A.'s the place to find one.
I actually don't think Ireland has a summer. I never experienced a summer there. It was just so wet.
Patrick Swayze is a fantastic man and an inspiration to work with. He is a fearless cowboy type and a movie icon.
I learned how to deal with people with elegance from Patrick Swayze.
Acting wasn't some long-held dream, and it still isn't, really. I'm just trying to make some money and pay the bills.
