American,Playwright
I wake up every day and I think, 'I'm breathing! It's a good day.'
Well, the tyranny of masculinity and the tyranny of patriarchy I think has been much more deadly to men than it has to women. It hasn't killed our hearts. It's killed men's hearts. It's silenced them; it's cut them off.
People are sad. People are broke. People are worried about money, people are worried that they're not enough and not amounting to anything and they don't feel good about themselves. People have rough times, and everybody's pretending it's not true, and we need to break that veneer.
I think the greatest illusion we have is that denial protects us. It's actually the biggest distortion and lie. In fact, staying asleep is what's killing us.
Cancer essentially lives in us and becomes activated at some point, and then cells begin to psychotically divide. Initially, the cancer cell looks like other cells and the body invites it in.
The older you get, the more you are aware that everybody has a certain way of seeing things, which they have to honour.
Dance has a transformative effect on bodily trauma.
The minute someone tells you you have cancer, it's kind of like you die. You really do die. It's like you get that you're mortal.
I think I've always had these two currents, equally strong, of wanting to change the world and make the world better and fight injustices and fight violence, and then being an artist, which is a very different strain.
Theater has an incredible capacity to move people to social change, to address issues, to inspire social revolution.
People think that when you're connected with other people it's more painful. The opposite is true. When you're connected to the river you have despair, but you also have joy, and there's a flow in the river.
My dream is that people will find a way back home, into their bodies, to connect with the earth, to connect with each other, to connect with the poor, to connect with the broken, to connect with the needy, to connect with people calling out all around us, to connect with the beauty, poetry, the wildness.
If you are connected to your own internal being, it is very hard to be screwing and destroying and hurting another human being, because you'll be feeling what they're feeling. If you're separated, it's not a hard thing to do at all.
I think the world is always improving and always not improving. I think that both are simultaneously happening all the time.
I'm a feminist; I grew up with feminism, but I also think there's a way in which we need to shake things up so that we can push it further and in other directions.
Unless men are active allies, we'll never end violence against women and girls.
When you destroy a population, once femicide happens, we're going to see the end of humanity, because I don't know how you sustain a future without vitalised women.
I was born in Manhattan and grew up in Scarsdale. Scarsdale didn't work for me as a place at all.
I'm a nomad. I have a place in New York in the Flatiron District, and I have a place in Paris in Ile Saint-Louis, and I spend a lot of time in Congo.
Security isn't what I hunger for. I hunger for change. I hunger for connection.
I think all my work's been about how do women get back into our bodies; how do men get back. We're all disassociated.
I think violence against women in America has become ordinary - it's been made absolutely acceptable.
Why are women immobile? Because so many feel like they're waiting for someone to say, 'You're good, you're pretty, I give you permission.'
I've been involved in social activism my entire life, and I would argue that many people involved in social activist movements have done very little work on themselves.
Do I think it's great that we have a celebrity system where some people matter and some people don't? No. But do I think we'll always create icons and legends? Yeah, I probably do.
I'm in good shape. My cancer means I have lost a lot of organs and I'm a lot lighter. I have devoted myself to yoga and I'm doing handstands.
