South Korean,Athlete
What motivated me is skating is something I am best at and I love the most.
What I miss the most is chatting with my friends and family and having a good laugh over a simple meal.
Where there is peace, there is sports; where there is sports, there is peace. Peace is what allows us, especially young people, to dream, go after one's goals and prepare you for the next challenge in life.
Building a better life for every child is a lot harder than becoming a world champion. Both goals take dedication and commitment.
I get tired too, just like everybody else. Sometimes I tell people that, but all I get is people saying that being vulnerable and weak is just not like me. I rarely get the response of emotional support I want. But sometimes I need it.
In Toronto and Los Angeles, too, there are a lot of Koreans - Koreatown, Korean markets. I feel like I'm at home and very comfortable.
Even in the hardest circumstances, dreams can give you the courage to live, and I hope I can share that message with children in need.
To many, peace is what enables development and is critical in providing opportunities to young people. To some - especially those from regions involved in conflict - peacekeeping and efforts to preserve peace are absolutely vital in bringing prosperity and hope for the future.
I am not trying my best because it is the Olympics. I try my best always.
For a long time, just skating in the Olympics had been my goal because not many Koreans had done it.
Korean audiences are amazing. The fans scream so loud, and that really surprises skaters when they first perform in my shows.
My coaches have told me my muscles and body structure are perfect for skating.
Watching previous figure skaters, I always wondered why they cried after their performance.
L.A. is a city that has given me great support for skating.
I always wanted to be Olympic champion and do clean programs.
I love figure skating. It's what I'm good at.
The Olympics is the biggest competition for all athletes and an unforgettable event.
I love weekends. Just like everyone else, I get to rest on weekends and go out with friends. I hate Mondays.
I like to be just an athlete, but if I go to competition and compete, I love to be a star, maybe.
The Vancouver Olympics was the first competition where I completed the short and free programs without any mistakes, and that in itself was a huge achievement.
After I won the Olympics, like any gold medalist, I did feel some emptiness in my heart. I did think about coming back to the ice for a long time. What motivated me is skating is something I am best at and I love the most. So I want to give it one more try.
I have been compared to Mao since we were both junior skaters. We've felt the rivalry since then, so we wanted to avoid each other. However, she has been my motivation.
People expect that I'll be just perfect on ice, and that's not the case. I make mistakes, too. When I review my performance, sometimes I feel I did awful. That's the whole part of the process of what people see when I'm performing.
When I came back on the rink in 2012, I set a goal of wrapping up my career well rather than just winning medals. I'm not preparing for any special skills for Sochi because I don't feel like they are necessary.
I'm not feeling much pressure for the Olympics because I think I already have done many things in my career. I will try to enjoy my second Olympics.
For an athlete myself, it is especially meaningful for our country to host an Olympics. Every athlete hopes to participate in an Olympics, so I still can't believe the games of dreams is going to take place in Korea.
