South Korean,Musician
The world's most famous and popular language is music.
I try to dress classy and dance cheesy.
Everything moves way too fast.
I'm not that good looking.
I never expect I would become a K-pop star.
I understand the sacrifices American servicemen and women have made to protect freedom and democracy in my country and around the world.
As an artist, the more experience, the better the creation. I'm a very positive person.
I've got to wear sunglasses everywhere, all the time, even if its indoors or at night time, to be recognized. That's part of my job. I cannot take off my sunglasses. For me, staying in the United States was so dark because I can't take them off.
When I signed with Scooter Braun and I decided to go overseas to promote my song, the only concern was how should I communicate with the public and the audience with my language. Scooter and I talked a lot about that: should we translate or not? Finally we didn't, and I think that was a really good decision.
My original name is Jae-Sang Park, so it's totally different.
There's a lot of variety of musicians in Korea. I cannot say they are the best in the world, but I can say that Korean artists are really dynamic artists, so I am going to show that from now on.
We are just at the studio, me and my choreographers, we are spending like 30 nights and we are thinking, what is my next dance move? Because in Korea there are huge expectations about my dancing. So it was a lot of pressure.
My lifetime role model and hero is Freddie Mercury of Queen.
I just made my album. I did my best. And I uploaded the video just to 'YouTube.' That was all.
Gangnam is a territory in Seoul, Korea. I describe it as noble at the daytime and going crazy at the night time. I compare ladies to the territory. So - noble at the daytime, going crazy at the night time - and the lyric says I am the right guy for the lady who is like that.
That's why 'Gangnam Style' works. If someone handsome uses that phrase it's just awkward. But if someone like me uses it, it's funny.
Before 'Gangnam Style' I was not a good attitude artist.
All the people in Korea are cheering me like I'm a gold medalist or something, so I have a responsibility to my country.
Unexpectedly, I'm here now, so I need to let all the U.S. marketers know that Asians are not different. We are all the same.
I need to show the world that my final goal is to perform huge concerts like Madonna.
While I'm grateful for the freedom to express one's self, I've learned there are limits to what language is appropriate and I'm deeply sorry for how these lyrics could be interpreted.
The basic principle I have is that what is most Korean is what is the most international. I don't want to come here and act like I'm an American. I want to showcase the dynamic potential Korea has, and I want to prove that as an artist.
If a Korean artist reaches to the top, we're all ready to stand up and applaud for him or her.
To the U.S. and the world, I'm just known as some funny song and some funny music, some funny video guy. But in Korea I'm doing one of the biggest concerts; it's not a dance music concert. I'm playing with the band, so I change my every song to a rock song.
I cannot learn creation from other people; I've got to do it myself. Now, honestly, I regret not studying - I don't know about harmonies, or anything, so if I'm composing a song, it's really hard.
My lifetime role model and hero is Freddie Mercury of Queen. His songwriting skills, I cannot even approach, but his showmanship, I learned it from videos.
