South Korean,Actress
People assume that I'm girly. But people who know me say I'm more boyish.
I usually go to the swimming pool if I want to swim.
Just like how male actors get to play varied characters, I would also like to play characters that people don't normally see female characters portraying on screen.
I personally think that it is acceptable if I take a step forward and can act with more diverse expressions and feelings.
In most professions, you build up confidence and a sense of achievement as you go along, but that's really not true for acting.
I cry if something bad happens. I grab a drink with friends when I get stressed out. I travel. I sometimes lash out at my closest friends.
When I was younger, I liked guys who had a good personality and decent looks.
I don't usually paint a big picture on what I'll do in the future.
Sometimes I think, 'I need to get married soon.' Other days I think, 'Why get married?'
Honestly, I do not care about my age.
To me, age is not that important.
I think using anti-aging products really helps; the sooner the better, you know?
My mother told me it's better to start using anti-aging products even at a young age. Especially since I'm an actress, and I'm constantly under stage lights or exposed to a lot of sunlight.
If I were to do a drama again, I would really like to work on a fatal melodrama, like a love that can't be.
I await a project where I'd have to deeply invest my emotions in.
For dramas, I've become more careful because now there are specific works that you think of when you hear the name Song Hye-kyo.
When I begin shooting, I get nervous, as I am under pressure to do my job well.
Regardless of the success of a drama or film, I will be satisfied if viewers say that my acting has progressed and has gained more depth.
The dramas that I worked on were successful, but not the movies. I still have many opportunities, and I will not be discouraged.
I am very pleased to be working with director Woo.
Song Joong-ki is known for his sincerity and manners. He is younger than me, but I thought I learned many things from him.
I love to travel, so I visit a lot of places.
I don't believe love has borders. If I meet a nice man in China, I definitely think it's possible.
With more and more stress from work, at times I really do hope to have someone I can lean upon.
It would be good to rely on the man during my most tired moments. The best is if he will listen to my stories when I am stressed.
In my late teens and early 20s, I worked hard on my roles, but, to be honest, I didn't feel any special commitment to acting.
