American,Cartoonist
I'm still passionately interested in what my fellow humans are up to. For me, a day spent monitoring the passing parade is a day well-spent.
Commencement speeches were invented largely in the belief that outgoing college students should never be released into the world until they have been properly sedated.
I try to take people one at a time, with all the contradictions and compromises that most of us live with.
In Palm Springs, they think homelessness is caused by bad divorce lawyers.
I'm a pointillist, just working my tiny little piece of the canvas. I'm not so good at perspective.
Comic-strip artists generally have very modest ambitions. Day to day, we labor to fit together all these little moving parts - a character or two, a few lines of dialogue, framing, pacing, payoff - but we certainly don't think of them adding up over time to some larger portrait of our times.
I've been trying for some time to develop a lifestyle that doesn't require my presence.
Becoming the new feminine ideal requires just the right combination of insecurity, exercise, bulimia and surgery.
Life is like a movie-since there aren't any commercial breaks, you have to get up and go to the bathroom in the middle of it.
Lives have been altered in fundamental ways, and later, after they acquire a more complete understanding of what goals are actually attainable, many are left facing a lot of pain and frustration. And yet, there's no culture of complaint.
In any event, it's not exactly a secret to regular readers what my views on the war are.
I don't think so, but it's always in the back of my mind that many of the soldiers being wounded and killed in Iraq are about the same age as my kids. My godson is going over soon, so the war's about to get personal for me.
Well, it's a humor strip, so my first responsibility has always been to entertain the reader... But if, in addition, I can help move readers to thought and judgment about issues that concern me, so much the better.
The strips about the military do seem to provoke moving and thoughtful responses. It's nice when the strip resonates, but more importantly, I need to know when I'm getting something wrong. The last thing I want to do is contribute to the suffering that wounded warriors already endure.
Humor can inform and break down stigma, which is a huge issue in the military.
I just happen to have one of those skill sets that allows me to work in my underwear.
I've never taken any issue off the table for lack of suitability. Only for lack of imagination.
Any time you bring sexuality into the comics pages, you have to brace for pushback.
Medical decisions have been politicized. What doctor wants a state legislator in his consulting room?
I've been getting pulled from newspapers for my entire career.
The systematic dismantling of reproductive rights, much like the takedown of collective bargaining, has been taking place in full view.
There's always been some concern that adult subject matter should be quarantined from a page that attracts children. Unlike late at night, when 'South Park' and 'Colbert' are on, impressionable minds are wide awake when the newspaper arrives.
For the most part, editors no longer view 'Doonesbury' as a rolling provocation, which is fine by me. It makes no sense to intentionally antagonize the very people on whose support you most depend.
I don't want to sound disingenuous here - controversy is obviously good for business, especially if your business is satire. And it does amplify the discussion - in my view, a good thing.
As far as I'm concerned, there is no subject that's off the table.
In their heyday, comics were a dominant force in popular culture, but that's over.
