American,Cartoonist
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie.
Cats rule the world.
Way down deep, we're all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.
Good morning is a contradiction of terms.
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat.
I was very happy and honored to create the Professor Garfield Foundation with Ball State to make reading fun.
I'm still a farm boy at heart. If I hadn't suffered from asthma as a child, I would be a farmer today.
The understatement is the English contribution to comedy.
My dream in life is to write the one gag that makes everyone in the world laugh.
There are so many opportunities in life, that the loss of two or three capabilities is not necessarily debilitating. A handicap can give you the opportunity to focus more on art, writing, or music.
I thought if I could create a convincing cat I could say and do anything I wanted on the human condition.
Cats are anthropomorphised in art because they are so laid back that you automatically attribute human thoughts and feelings to them.
I didn't have a whole lot of success getting dates, I was always a bit of a geek.
I probably get more inspiration for human stories and idiosyncrasies than I do animal stories.
I can go everywhere and no one recognises me.
I was in and out of comas until I was nine and I would lose entire days and weeks. The novelty of being able to really do stuff hasn't worn off - I still feel like I'm making up for lost time.
Usually I commit to something in my head and then I start drawing.
You'd have to go a long way to find someone who was more proud and grateful for what our veterans have done for all of us.
When you're through with your cat, you can't throw it in the trash.
You have to do something when you're lying in bed. So you play with your mind.
I stop short of being a workaholic.
Readers have told me that their children have learned to read after years of struggle after starting to read Garfield's comic strip and many people who have moved to the United States have said that they, too, learned English by reading Garfield.
