South African,Actress
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence.
Marriage equality is about more than just marriage. It's about something greater. It's about acceptance.
If they ever do my life story, whoever plays me needs lots of hair color and high heels.
Hey, I'm a girl, and we like to play dress-up.
You know, I don't think any mother aims to be a single mom. I didn't wish for that, but it happened.
I mean I tried to transform myself through characters throughout my career.
I can only hope to be 10 percent of the mom mine was to me. She encouraged me to be confident and enjoy life. That's what I want for my son.
I think today women are very scared to celebrate themselves, because then they just get labeled.
I feel 100% sure that I have the career that I have today because of independent filmmaking.
They really stay just characters to me. I look at them, and I don't see always the same person up there. And hopefully, people will see that too. Because it's very easy to bore people, and that's a killer. So hopefully that won't happen.
You can never get to a place of comfort in this business. As soon as you hit that little cushy spot, somebody's gonna kick you out. So I have a constant need to do it better.
Yet there's a hunger in me still. I'm like only beginning. I feel like I still have so much to learn.
You are only as great as the opportunities that are given to you.
I am human, and, yeah, I have very bad days.
You always have this fear in a movie of just being somebody's woman.
I think substitution is a huge part of acting, but I don't personalise my work that much.
And I do think that earlier in my career, I did make a very conscious decision to make sure that I was doing work that wasn't necessarily given to me, and that people didn't necessarily think that I would be able to do.
There's nothing I despise more than people trying to be something that they're not.
I'd love to get pajamas. Good, nice and warm flannel ones.
I think of myself as a highly sexual creature.
And doing a film in that period, and having to really celebrate what they wore back then, how they sat and how they spoke. You know, what the etiquette was back then for a lady. All of those things are like putting on a wig and transforming yourself, which I love.
And I was victim to that very early in my career, where I would go into auditions, and I'd be wearing a big T shirt, a big baggy T shirt and loose jeans. You know, to try and show people that there was more to me than just that.
At least I know that one film-maker in my career has had the initiative to come to me and thought of me as being capable of doing interesting and complicated work, and so I have a new-found belief that other film-makers will see me in a different way, the way that Patty did.
At the end, the realization is that she had to get to a place in her life where she could drop her guard and make peace with the fact that whether she had a small amount of time, that she had to kind of live it completely through, instead of living by the rules.
Countries and states which have capital punishment have a much higher rate of murder and crime than countries that do not, so that makes sense to me, and the moral question - I struggle with it morally.
I do not think that condemning people who murder and killing them necessarily sends out the right message.
I always knew I would adopt. Always.
I treat my relationships like marriages. The ceremony isn't that important to me.
I hate actors who come and quote Nietzsche.
I'm always open to a relationship, but I'm not putting those feelers out there now.
I had these fangs because I had jaundice when I was a kid and I was put on so many antibiotics that my teeth rotted. They had to cut them out. So I never had milk teeth. That was tough, you know, being in school having photos taken while I was pretending I had teeth. It was hideous.
Modeling was never a passion of mine.
I grew up in South Africa and I would look at maps and we were at the bottom of the world. There was this whole thing up there. I was always reading encyclopedias about the world. So travel was something I was always attracted to.
I've always been very aware of balance and, even before I had a child, my life always takes priority to my work.
So far I'm not surprised by anything about being a mom. It's all pretty great - but that's what I expected.
I am a relationship girl. That's kind of just how I'm made... When you're in my life, it's actually very contained.
