Swedish,Musician
My path has not been determined. I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones.
I just want to live in peace and quiet.
I can spot empty flattery and know exactly where I stand. In the end it's really only my own approval or disapproval that means anything.
I have always had strong maternal instincts. Even when I was still a child I cut out pictures of prams from newspapers and imagined the feeling of pushing my own pram through fresh winter snow and seeing the wheels' tracks behind me in the snow.
I may have aimed too high sometimes, asked too much of myself and demanded too little from those around me.
I must be allowed to be as I am.
It has always felt like a failure that Bjorn and I couldn't keep our family together. You never get it back, but to this day I don't regret splitting up. The reason behind our separation is one of those things I definitely don't want to go into!
There is a danger of changing too much in the search for perfection.
There was a time when the music fell silent. Both within me and around me.
This idea of trying to repeat a success doesn't interest me. It's only really done to make money.
When I'm living in the world of luxury and celebrity, which is where I found myself for a large part of my life, it's a walk-on part. Not a vital necessity, like it is for so many people. I enjoy it but I can see right through it!
It's strange that the newspapers don't see a connection between their false revelations about my private life and my need for seclusion and security.
When I was 25, Abba was formed. After Abba I made three solo albums. Maybe I have been productive enough.
When I was 15 I became a full-time singer in a band. At 18 I made my first record.
I am uninterested in appearing in newspapers and on television. Many people think I am striking a pose - that I want to create a sense of shyness. But it's just not something I want to do. I overdosed.
I would like to sing the theme tune of a big film - something like 'Titanic.'
I was so tired once 'Abba' was over and just wanted to be calm and with my children. I married, was in 'Abba,' had my children, divorced, all in ten years. I wonder how I managed it, but I was young.
I spend a lot of time with the grandchildren. They love it when we sing together. It's fantastic to hear them, and they really can sing. I don't talk to them so much about 'Abba' and the past, but as they get older, they will become more aware.
The press has always written that I am a recluse and a mysterious woman, but I am more down-to-earth than they think.
Performing live is not my favourite. I am more of a recording person; I prefer to be private. I didn't mind doing videos, even if they came very close with the camera. I can take that, but walking on stage in concert and singing live, that is a bit difficult.
My life contains so many other things; I have my children, my grandchildren, my two dogs and a big place in the country. I have my own life.
I used to suffer from stage fright, which at times was an ordeal. I won't perform live again. I'm going to do some TV shows and videos but nothing else... I don't like to travel too much or do concerts. I'm more of a studio and home girl.
I'm a country bumpkin. I'm not a showgirl.
No one who has experienced facing a screaming, boiling, hysterical audience can avoid feeling shivers in the spine. It's a thin line between celebration and menace.
I sing just for fun.
When I record, it feels like I'm in a bubble. There's nothing else in my head right then. It's just that song, and I'm trying to really sound like what the song is about.
