Swedish,Actress
I never really learned the value of money. My father didn't spoil me, but I think my grandparents did.
I was so beautiful but I didn't realise it for years. I saw pictures of myself and even I was stunned.
I'd rather kill myself than dress like Victoria Beckham in towering heels day after day.
I broke my ankle ten years ago so high heels are not an option unless I'm literally going door to door for a function.
I spend hours mowing the lawn in absolutely straight lines on my tractor. If it's not right, I do it again.
As for the stage fright, it never goes away. When I'm waiting in the wings to go on, it's agony every single time but I stay focused and I know that once I'm on stage it'll be fine; I'll be in my happy little bubble.
Think of your pension and start saving. Like my father, I have been a spendthrift, and I regret that.
The ideal man doesn't exist. A husband is easier to find.
I don't sleep with happily married men.
The idea of doing theatre always terrified me because I get terrible stage fright. In the early 1970s I was offered a panto but the thought of going on stage was just too mortifying.
I'd been a housewife and mother to our son Thomas Jefferson, and I was looking for a new career. So when my agent called and said a producer named Paul Elliott from E&B productions, the biggest panto company in the country at the time, wanted to meet me I agreed.
I think I suffer from body dysmorphia - I don't see what other people see.
I met Peter Sellers when I was 21 and we got married ten days later. He was not right mentally, but I hung in there for four years before I left.
I listen to my body, I give it things it wants and I eliminate things it doesn't want.
I dieted all the time in the Sixties, but we had no idea what dieting meant - we thought it meant not eating anything.
I've been doing Pilates since 1974, I lift weights, I power walk every day and I run backwards. That's sometimes a little hard when you're not on your home turf, because you've got to find a place where there are no bumps in the way - or people.
I am as far from a hypochondriac as you could ever be.
The worst thing in the world is to be tired.
I believe you need scientific proof that something works before you entrust your health to it.
I was never particularly wild, just very busy and often didn't think about what I was putting into my body. Today things are very different. I stopped smoking in my late 30s; I avoid wheat and gluten as this makes me feel bloated and sluggish; exercise regularly and bounce out of bed.
I would make a poor vegetarian because I adore meat.
I used to smoke cigarettes, ten a day, but gave up when I was 28. Now my vice is several cups of coffee a day, which isn't great if you're prone to weak bones as I am, as caffeine can leach calcium.
I'm a light sleeper, but so long as I'm wearing earplugs, I sleep well.
Generally, I'm a pretty positive, but like any other working person, if the jobs aren't coming in, I do get depressed.
I tried the Atkins diet in the Seventies when pregnant with my son, as I didn't want to pile on the pounds. Now, so long as I'm healthy, I don't care what my scales say.
I had a husband who, I'm convinced, was an undiagnosed manic depressive. He didn't treat me as if I had a brain - I was just this beautiful little doll he could show off.
