Swedish,Businessman
I think that we are trying to put data communications, telecommunications and media communications together and be the No. 1 player there.
India is an important market for Ericsson, not only as a telecom market but also as a global hub for R&D.
We need to understand what innovation will be built on top of our networks.
It is very difficult for me to speculate as to how long it will take for the LTE-TDD ecosystem to mature. Of course, the whole industry is speaking of scale and a combination of scale in order to get more efficiency in the ecosystem.
In order to have the next generation of modems, you would need to pour in even more R&D spending. We came to the conclusion that we're going to have a tough time to really see that we are going to succeed in the modems business.
Today there are two points where a car manufacturer has interaction with you as an owner of a car. One, you buy the car. Two, you go to the car shop to repair the car.
I have rules for everything.
Men can't do much to change; we have to wear suits, although I never wear a tie, apart from in Asia sometimes. So I decided to grow my hair.
The infrastructure we provide is the same in a remote town in Africa or New York or an archipelago in Sweden: we use the same system, and the chips inside the phone are the same.
Even if you buy a Finnish, Korean or American phone - it will be Ericsson on the inside.
We do a lot of consumer research. Consumers believe the smartphone will be the remote, meaning that it will orchestrate a lot of things. So maybe you will take your connectivity with you to the car.
You don't need to recall 100,000 cars because you need to fix something. That can be done with a download of software.
You're going to see this 'Internet of things' start demanding network performance and making the networks much more aware of what is on top of them.
Our take was that if we are going to support our customers, we have to help them with video distribution, whether that is iPad, TV, small screen or large screen.
We want to be number one, from the ingestion of content to the play-out to any type of channel. Everything between there, you should see Ericsson if you are a broadcaster, telecoms operator, or cable operator.
I was taking a break from university so I could play handball full-time for a year.
For us, it is very important all the time that our core business is really good but that we don't stop moving.
You can always think that we're old and not innovative, but there is no company that can limp on for 139 years without being creative and having the genes to change.
We want to be on the edge of technology all of the time. We think long-term.
Remember, China is the largest country in the world, so they have the confidence, the capital and resources to create large companies.
I need to build my team around my weaknesses.
I said we're going to leave phones, and so we did. We sold it to Sony.
The IT bubble is the IT bubble, and of course, we became a company that contracted dramatically in 2001 and 2002: we basically came down by 45,000 people - a dramatic ramp-down.
When I came into the CEO office, I basically changed the entire management team. We knew that we had to change the company, so we needed a new set of leaders.
What was really tough for me was that Lars Magnus Ericsson founded Ericsson in 1876; we've always had a consumer product. And I'm the 16th CEO of Ericsson, and I decided that we don't have any consumer products anymore.
When you start losing market share, it's really tough to gain it back; you need the product portfolio and presence in many markets.
