Swedish,Musician
Sometimes you have to burn yourself to the ground before you can rise like a phoenix from the ashes.
I'm very very happy for my hardships and misfortunes: they build character and make you a better person. Even if I think it's something you have to carry with you, it's definitely something that makes you more empathic towards other people, makes you understand people and relationships so much better.
I would love to hear Marilyn Manson's fans or something, what their stories would be like.
When you're writing about difficult things and darker issues, it's nice to offer some sort of light at the end of the tunnel. Some sense of hope. Sometimes, the best way to do that is by offering it in the music, so that you can dance your way out of the darkness.
What I can't fit into my suitcase is probably something I don't need.
'Postcards' was just a way of slapping myself in the face and saying, 'You can do anything! Just go for it!'
In the past, I used to rely on the randomness of working with samples, which was a good way because it threw you in a completely different direction. You just thought, 'What if I take this samba drum and combined it with an '80s synth line or something from this record?'
Goteborg used to be a not very cool place to live. The culture centered around shrimp and bingo. Bands played Copenhagen and Stockholm and skipped Goteborg.
You carry all these hurts and breakups with you forever. But there is this sort of joyful realization that the things that caused you pain were real. There is something beautiful and invigorating in holding onto that.
I think that's a responsibility I have, to not leave the listener with complete dread or depressing, dark thoughts, but to leave a little door open so that you can dance your way out if you want to.
Christmas music is usually more concentrated pop music in a way. It's meant to make us feel good, and it's meant to make us like we belong somewhere.
There's so much nostalgia for music from the past.
Some very silly songs can have an almost melancholy feeling when you put it in a different perspective.
Really, to me, a really good evening would be a comedian, followed by a band, followed by a really good DJ.
I think there are definitely a lot of subjects I don't share with people, but I'm not sure where that border is.
I find it quite hard to connect with the songs where I portray myself as this clumsy, adorable, love-struck man-child.
I became paranoid for a long time: I thought that people were out to harm me.
I have mood swings, but I'm sure people in England have that, too. Me and my friends, we're just a bunch of happy idiots.
I don't like irony and sarcasm very much. But I do like it when you think someone is telling you a joke, and then you discover it's serious.
My old songs used to take place in Gothenburg; then, when I lived in Melbourne, the songs just naturally took place more in Melbourne.
I went to Legoland in Denmark when I was five, I think, but I went to Germany when I was 17 to have a little adventure after graduation.
When I was a kid, I had a period in my life when I was eight or nine when I was so scared of dying that I wouldn't go out of our house for a whole year. I refused to step out of the door because I thought something would happen. I had all these compulsive thoughts or whatever, and my head was really messed up.
It always feel like people are doing more grown-up things than you are.
I grew up in the '90s and remember the lyrics back then were so abstract and open to interpretation. That always drove me crazy.
My aim is for every song to have a purpose - for you to be able to say, 'This song is about this.' But love and heartbreak are some of the most abstract subjects.
If you come to the conclusion that there is no conclusion, well, that's a conclusion, too.
I wouldn't write about something that I haven't experienced myself.
I think it's because Toronto is the Gothenburg of Canada, with the trends and the music and everything. I feel very at home when I'm there. Everyone has always been so kind to me.
I had a drummer in my band who started teaching me tricks to come up with interesting rhythms. Because I don't come from a musical background, I've never studied music, and I don't know music theory at all, so a lot of stuff I discover on my own are things students would learn in the first grade of music.
Contemporary Swedish artists that chose Swedish as their language tended to sing about certain topics and use words I wanted to avoid.
I think it's healthy that people that work in a creative field look for inspiration in a different creative field.
I don't want music to be a museum.
One of the nice things about songwriting is you can be inspired by absolutely anything.
Summer is always best through a window.
I start writing songs first as an entertainer, and I like funny stories that wrap up with dignity.
I need to write a sitcom, but something with warmth, not one where the dad comes home and he's treated like an idiot.
Australia's beautiful, but I'm not too into Australian culture.
My songs don't deal with locations that specifically, even if there are very specific references to them in there; they're sort of just where stories happen, not the stories themselves.
Once I release a song, it's not just about me or the people... I write about. They're my stories, but they're not really mine any more.
I have a very nice voice.
I think a lot of my songs are very silly and very stupid, written to entertain people, but in the end, I always come to that last line, and I feel that I have to wrap this up with a bit of dignity and a little tear in the eye; otherwise, the joke would be on the characters in the song.
I realised that music controls me more than I control music. I had to write songs that were convincing me that things would get better.
When I was working on 'Night Falls Over Kortedala,' I was listening a lot to 'Graceland,' the Paul Simon record. I really got into the lyrics on that album. The opening line is so brilliant, the way he sets the scene.
I've started listening to music in a new way after I started running. When it comes to running, I really got into the idea of track listings that way, too.
I started running to different albums, and I was starting with the short albums and moving on to the longer albums. I was interested in how they built up, in tempo and intensity. it made me interested in albums again, too.
I remember when I grew up and Dad would take me to kindergarten in the morning, and you could smell the chips in the air from the factory nearby.
When it comes to heartbreaks and disappointments, I often have to be more or less done with them to be able to write about them. Then you might ask why I would write about them at all, but I think I owe it to the Jens of the past.
I think of the Jens Lekman in the songs as a completely different person who's stealing my stories.
I try and take it for what it is, and I'm very at peace with the fact that when I'm done with the songs, they don't belong to me anymore. They belong to the listeners.
Hmm... at some point when I was making 'Postcards,' it struck me, what the underlying themes for the record would be. It would be about choices, fears and doubts, and it had an existentialist theme to it.
I still love touring rock clubs around the world, and that's something that's really a part of me. I love making albums, and I'm a wedding singer on the side; that's my parallel career. So I love all those aspects of making music.
Making albums is a very lonely process sometimes. Sitting around working on songs, feeling the pressure.
It's good to let go of control. That's probably something all artists and song writers will say at some point.
It's not difficult getting into the charts in Sweden. It's a very different musical climate, and in a very good way, I think, because artists like Jose Gonzalez or The Knife can actually get on the charts.
I actually have all these tapes, from when I was five, from when I was 10, and from when I was 15, that don't really have to do anything with each other, but they're sort of archeological in my musical history.
I really do believe in clearing samples, and I believe that people should be compensated for them, but the laws are just so stupid.
I wanted to write songs about other people because I was sick of myself, basically. I didn't like myself very much. 'Ghostwriting' became an outlet for that. And then I could get back to get Jens Lekman again.
I realize that 'Postcards' was like input, and 'Ghostwriting' was output. I had all these frustrations and feelings before I did those two projects. 'Postcards' was something that brought new life and creative inspiration into the record, while 'Ghostwriting' was relieving myself.
It's weird talking about the album as a living being with its own thoughts and direction, especially if you're the one creating it.
The 'sent' folder of my email program is really my biggest inspiration and my biggest source of lyrics. That's where I go to pick up a lot of the lyrics that I'm writing.
I really love the idea of stepping into another character and being able to sing maybe stuff that is not my thought and my own opinions, but be able to portray someone else and take a walk in their shoes for a while.
I found a favorite chord, which is B flat 7 - that's my favorite chord.
Ever since I started writing music, I've wanted to know what the songs are about and to be able to tell stories.
I love playing small towns, but in Sweden, it's sometimes a little bit weird, because all small towns are just so close to bigger cities that people are not as grateful when you show up as they are in Odessa, Texas.
I'm not too fond of the typical Australian activities or culture. I'm not into surfing - that's what I'm trying to say.
I like short beards. Not a big fan of the bigger beards.
Older men in my family - back to my grandpa - were basically completely bald.
I think, in a world of mouths, I want to be an ear.
I think South Korea was one of the best shows I've ever done in my whole life. The people there were crazy. It was literally Beatlemania.
Of the times that I've been able to overcome a fear, it's been by making it something that I can understand, that I can hold on to - just something that's more tangible.
I think a lot of my anxieties and fears are things that are very abstract.
The idea of printing out something that's as scary as a tumor into its concrete form was something that spoke to me - there is something very liberating about that idea.
The whole thing with playing on a stage with mics and all that has always been kind of uncomfortable to me.
Getting my hair cut is just a very special moment for me. I don't know exactly why, but it's such an intimate, almost religious experience. I'm very careful with who gets to cut my hair.
