Swedish,Musician
If you're being ignored, that's a good time to concentrate on finding yourself and creating your own mystery.
I don't want to break someone's heart, but you can't control that. A broken heart happens; that's inevitable.
I felt such a deep connection with dolphins. I felt like they were the only ones who understood me.
I do everything: I'll have a green juice, then a melted chocolate ice cream. I stay up very late, I get up very early.
It's in every person's life, around 27 to 29 years old, the stars and the planets align themselves to exactly the way they were when you were born. You're faced with yourself. There's no running away.
I'm from Sweden, so I don't enjoy winter at all; there's nothing cute about it.
It's amazing, coconut oil. I use it as a moisturizer. I put it in my hair when I want a kind of greasy look. I take off my makeup with it. I put a little bit in my coffee. I have coconut oil with everything.
I struggle with myself every day - I am a lonesome person. I talk to my family - and I connect to some people deeply along the way - but I am a restless soul. Singing is the most immediate relief.
I am deeply in tune with my heart and core, and it's made me a better writer, artist, and most of all woman. It's made me more myself.
My favorite thing in the world is to have just a big dinner with friends and just sit and talk about their life and their difficulties and all of that.
The problem is, when I talk about heartbreak or whatever, people want to melt it down to some break-up of a relationship, but it's not about that. If you're a sensitive person, just stepping outside can be heartbreaking.
It's the ultimate task to do something stripped back, so you're not hiding behind anything.
I was 21 and homeless - such a broken, lost woman.
I went to 11 different schools. It was a fantastic adventure, but I was incredibly sensitive and needed a bit more stability.
My favourite festival experience is a show at midnight with the moon blazing and a crowd full of open hearts ready to dance.
I used to get really sick. I would go to the doctor with all these ailments, and they would tell me I needed to be at home. I didn't even really understand what that meant because since I was a baby, I've always been moving, moving, and then touring.
I think pop culture underestimates people. The message is, 'Being yourself is the worst thing you could possibly be.' But people are still attracted to it.
I'm not so interested in being indie just for the sake of being indie.
I don't necessarily love all the collaborations that I've done; the more I work with other people, the more I realize that I want to work with myself.
I don't relate to the 'Twilight' books or movies at all, but I'm obsessed with it as a pop culture phenomenon - all these people just screaming like it was the Beatles.
Some people watch comedy to relax. I watch '21 Grams.' I can recognize sadness and tragedy really easily because it's been with me forever.
People comment on how you look; it's so unnecessary. I just wanted people to listen to what I have to say instead of focusing on anything else.
I don't think Neil Young has a beautiful voice, but it's something that grabs you, and the songs are so good.
I was totally romanticizing the idea of Los Angeles when the Doors, Joni Mitchell, and Neil Young were hanging out there.
The first thing you do when you get off tour is let off some steam and, you know, have some type of big breakdown.
Touring is really about being on edge the whole time - you're like a racing horse: you've just got to be on. You've got to pull it together.
I'm actually a really shy person. I just really enjoy being in studio; I don't go out much.
You can become quite blase, and also, I have no sense of home; I don't have roots. I've never had that feeling that someone else is going to take care of me, ever. I don't trust people.
I'm just not interested in getting judged or getting people to love me. Being seen and taking my photo and having to follow this schedule all the time, I don't enjoy it.
I will never get to Lady Gaga's status. That's not something I want.
Driving, for me, means power and freedom. The feeling that I can go anywhere I want at any time is exhilarating.
The first tape I got was Madonna's 'Immaculate Collection.' I'm inspired by the way she started from nothing and didn't have a big musical talent, but had a big dream.
I don't feel Swedish. In fact, my father tells me to get out of here as soon as I can.
I lived five years in Portugal and then spent winters in Nepal or India.
I want people to have a good time. It's boring only to hear singer/songwriters spilling their guts.
I am such a complex person. I have so many different layers of my personality to choose from. I am super-sensitive, and I am super-strong.
I don't live anywhere. I have always dreamed of moving out of my country because Sweden is boring.
During the day, I don't wear much makeup; I only put on makeup for the show.
Being on tour really takes a toll, so you have to find ways to stay healthy.
I honestly kind of hate shopping. My favorite places to shop are rich old lady consignment stores.
Where I've been hasn't influenced my music. It's more what I listen to. You can find music everywhere, so moving hasn't really influenced my music, more me as a person.
Mum is a photographer, and Dad does world music and plays almost every instrument except for drums.
I knew I wanted to be an artist, but I never took music lessons. I was just playing around in front of the mirror and being silly, then suddenly I started making songs.
When I was very little, I was into Michael Jackson. At six or seven, it was Madonna, but she's not what she used to be. I've been into everything from Edith Piaf to Joe Strummer to the Velvet Underground to Suicide to A Tribe Called Quest to African music.
I'm a vagabond. I live out of one suitcase. I feel very comfortable in black. I feel very uncomfortable in anything else than black.
It's a very proactive thing to be dealing with your darkness and getting it out of your system. So it doesn't have to be in your system.
My dream is to one day just be me and my guitar. I'm working myself to the core. Who am I, underneath everything else? I'm still on that journey, to find that core.
The music that I listen to is very minimalistic. I listen to a lot of old blues that is just guitar and vocals.
