Swedish,Actor
A vacation spot out of season always has a very special magic.
I think English is a fantastic, rich and musical language, but of course your mother tongue is the most important for an actor.
Awards are lovely and always welcome.
I don't believe in devils. Indifference and misunderstandings can create evil situations. Most of the time, people who appear to be evil are really victims of evil deeds.
Hiroshima has become a metaphor not just for nuclear war but for war and destruction and violence toward civilians. It's not just the idea we should not use nuclear arms. We should not start another war because it's madness.
I'm not in retirement. I just don't want to work so much, and I don't get that many offers any more.
Filming is repetition and many takes.
Only very rarely are foreigners or first-generation immigrants allowed to be nice people in American films. Those with an accent are bad guys.
The idea of working with Steven Spielberg was very attractive. He's such a master. He knows the language of the camera and of filmmaking, which gives him a great freedom.
The more I had to act like a saint, the more I felt like being a sinner.
All my life I've been looking for diversity.
The most difficult part of playing Christ was that I had to keep up the image around the clock. As soon as the picture finished, I returned home to Sweden and tried to find my old self. It took six months to get back to normal.
France is, for me, the country of happiness.
Mr. Bergman had a great imagination and saw the possibilities within every one of his actors, and he gave us great challenges. It was very inspiring.
My father was a professor of folklore, and my mother was a teacher until she was married. I had a good relationship with them, and the only argument we had was when I went to university and wanted to go into the theater instead of studying to be a lawyer.
If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up.
Bergman has a very special eye for people. His background taught him to listen and to feel.
I've never been in a barroom brawl in my life. I just don't do such things.
I accept a role only if it's something I really, really like.
I began imagining scenes in public which some drunk would come up to me and slap me in the face. Nothing like that ever happened, but I often wonder if I would have turned the other cheek.
I just feel I shouldn't work too much, because there are so many other things to do.
I remember those days with Bergman with great nostalgia. We were aware that the films were going to be quite important, and the work felt meaningful.
I'm getting too old to play some parts, but I'm still greedy.
In a theater, the part is mine and I can control it as I want to. In the movies, I don't have direct contact, and I am fighting technical machinery.
In Hollywood they usually cast me as villains or priests.
In this country, you have movie actors and theatre actors and television actors.
I would like to do 'King Lear.' But I would like to do it in Swedish.
I think it's good that we're sometimes reminded of important events in history.
I was in such a hurry to be an actor. Now I'm sometimes mad at myself that I didn't stop and study for a couple of years.
To me, part of the fascinating profession of acting is to participate in all these strange situations, to try to understand all these interesting characters, fictitious or real, their human nature... It's extraordinarily fascinating.
You cannot study acting in books. Do it, do it, do it. And watch good actors. See what they are doing and how they are doing it. You have to practically participate, I think, in order to develop yourself.
When I know what the character I'm supposed to play wants in general terms, and when I know what did the other characters want to do, that's when all these wills collide and the emotions show up.
Film work can be very interesting, but it also can be awfully boring because who creates the film? The actors? No. It is the director. It's his piece of work.
I understand German; I can read German.
What is important, I think, is to reach as many people as you can and do it as well as you can. Reach them and inspire them or amuse them, or maybe in some odd moments help them to discover something they hadn't thought of before.
New York is a fascinating city. I think it's a very inspiring city, but it's overpowering when you get older. It tires me now. But it's wonderful for young people - very inspiring and full of surprises and full of ideas.
There are casting directors with lots of imagination, but also some with not as much imagination.
Film acting, if you don't play the lead, you come, and you do your scenes in a few days, and you act with a couple of colleagues. All the rest of the actors you never see, and you don't even meet many of them. And you don't know what will happen with what you've done. Maybe it will be in the film, maybe it will not.
If people ask me, 'For you, what is your most important film?' I have a feeling that they all sort of want me to answer with one of the Bergman films. But I cannot choose.
Ingmar Bergman had a great sense of humor, and he had a very special, characteristic laugh that you always recognized - if he went to watch a theater show, 'Ah! He is here tonight.'
Bergman was courageous in choosing people to do things that they themselves might not expect to play.
I don't have a philosophy for choosing roles. Sometimes, it's just, 'This might be interesting; that might be fun to do.' There might be interesting actors or directors in the project, even if the part is not important. And then sometimes, you need the money.
I could never learn to be totally fluent in any other language.
Mr. Bergman was a man of great working discipline. He forced everyone to concentrate when it was important. No disturbing noise during rehearsal. A code of silence.
Between you and me, odd things happen always on set.
The Devil, of course, must have been or must be a very charming person.
Human beings are human beings whether they speak or not.
I've been the type of father who tries desperately to be perfect but doesn't succeed all the time.
It's very difficult being an actor and being away for a lot of time, but my sons haven't complained too much too often.
We should look back now and then. Our politicians should look back every now and then.
All of us, we deserve to survive.
I think the film you hear about the most is 'The Exorcist.' When people come up to me and say, 'Oh, you scared me!' I was the good guy in that film!
I actually know the moment I became known. It was at the Cannes Film Festival, when they showed 'The Virgin Spring.' I walked into that theater as one person, and I walked out as another.
I find it very hard to take myself seriously.
Nobody told me there was any idea for a sequel to 'The Exorcist.' But my agent called me to tell me they were going to do it, and there was a part for me. I said, 'But I died in the first film.' 'Well,' he told me, 'this is from the early days of Father Merrin's life.' I told him I just didn't want to do it again.
It was great to watch Orson Welles, not only as an actor but as a director.
Sometimes you remember more about the location where you shot the film than the film itself.
In a silent film, you speak but the audience does not hear you.
