Swedish,Athlete
I'm telling you, it's so exciting playing out there because I'm playing well, you have the crowd behind you, and it's such a good feeling. I'm really having a good time out there.
As years go by, chances of winning here are getting slimmer. That's just a matter of fact. It does get tougher, but it's possible, there's a tiny little chance.
The crowds can be very loud, especially when you're playing in the evening.
I've been in a lot of trouble and come out of it. I think it shows a lot of good character.
A good thing is I've been playing tennis I think every day for the last two months. I really haven't had a day off. I've been doing things that I did used to do.
A win is a win.
I felt better being in the background. That's the way I like it.
I felt that I did have the crowd behind me. That obviously helps a lot.
I think in 1991, when Jimmy got to the semifinals, it was just incredible all of the people coming out.
I'm always being realistic.
I'm really trying to focus myself on playing tennis, and I think that's really important.
I've been here playing against Connors and it can be very, very loud. It makes it exciting at the same time.
I've been on the tour for many, many years. It's time for me to go now, before it's too late.
If I'm going to be out there, I want to be in the top 10 and really have a chance of winning a Grand Slam.
If you serve well, your volleys are going to be so much easier. It has got to do with confidence, obviously.
Since a month, two months ago, you know, I've started hitting the ball well. I'm playing some really good tennis. That really helps. I sort of have to motivate myself to get pumped up. It really helps my game a lot.
You lose some, you win some. Nothing wrong with that at all.
I played Chang here under the lights here. I think that was '91. Another good match. I've played a lot more good matches under the lights than I played bad. You tend to remember some of the bad ones unfortunately.
I had one good racket, a Wilson Javelin. It was my favorite racket, and I made the mistake of putting it next to the heater. It just got so hot that it melted.
I'd won the Australian Open twice, but winning Wimbledon takes something special.
It was a tough year for me, '89, losing two Slam finals and losing another five finals. It wasn't until I won the Masters, or what's now called the ATP Finals, that things changed again. Suddenly I won seven tournaments in 1990 and became No. 1.
For me, and most of the other players, too, if you had to pick one of the four Grand Slams, you would pick Wimbledon. It's got tradition, it's got atmosphere, and it's got mystique.
Once you succeed in tennis, financially you become quite well off.
