Swedish,Musician
At first, my bedroom had flowers and yellow walls and huge furniture in plastic that was orange and green - and furry green bed cover and everything. Then, I think the day I turned 13, I painted the walls black and put Kurt Cobain on the wall and just changed everything into a dark theme.
Both my best and my worst habit is that I'm very impulsive.
For me, everything that you're passionate about always comes with a little pain. That's how life is, and that's how I want to live it. I don't want it to be balanced and ordinary.
I am an open book, and I'm fine being me: I'm not a perfect person.
My dream was never to become this unattainable star.
There was this lynx at a zoo that was called Tove, and that I totally fell in love with. It was my dear godmother who decided to call me Tove Lo, after that lynx. It stuck.
That's kind of how I am - a roller coaster of emotions.
I was always drawn to the self-destructive kind of way. I thought there was something beautiful about it; I don't know why.
There are some nights where I don't get enough sleep, or we're traveling a lot. And then I'll go do a radio show, and the DJs are usually so energetic. And they're like, 'Why aren't you excited?' I say, 'I am excited. I'm just Swedish. This is my excited. I can't get to an American excitement level.'
It means a lot to everyone around me that I look good, and I don't think it should have to. I just think I should look the way I do.
I think there's always a bit of pain in everything that's ecstatic - relationships and love, they always come with pain.
I find it really cool when people have this artist persona they can put on. They can go out and act like this other person; I can't pull that off... I can't censor myself.
I started to use music almost like a therapist, where it's like, everything that I don't really dare to say or speak about, I can sing about.
The very first song I ever wrote was a song called 'Crazy' when I was 11 or 12 with my best girlfriends - we had a girl band. It was about loving a guy who everyone else thought you were crazy for being into.
The fact is, when you date an artist, you have to know that they're going to sing about you.
I've never grown into loving someone. It's, like, either right away or slowly sinks in.
I can't live just being content. I can't have a routine. I can't be settled because then I just get really frustrated.
I've always wanted my music to have that desperation, where you just want to strip your clothes off and run down the highway. I want the feeling where you don't really know what to do with yourself - in the vocals, in the production. Everything.
We lived by the water, and I was a pretty normal kid until my teenage years; then I dyed my hair pink and spiraled out of control.
I knew when I went to a very hippie high school that focused on music that I wanted to do something in the industry.
I always loved performing and being on stage.
I was big into grunge, like Nirvana and Hole, when I was younger, which has been a really huge inspiration because of its rawness and honesty.
In the same way that I'm open when I speak, I'm that open on stage. I feed off the energy of the audience, too, so they're feeling what I'm feeling.
I'm not from a music family at all.
The first album that I bought was the Nirvana 'MTV Unplugged in New York' album.
I've always liked music that has a darker vein to it. I come from such a safe upbringing - very stable, classic family, everything's nice and good - I was always looking for something different.
