Swedish,Athlete
I do not need a trophy to tell myself that I am the best.
I did many stupid things. I made many mistakes, but I learnt from everything. I still make mistakes; I still learn from them. Nobody is perfect.
Some things is made by destiny, yes, other things by hard work, but quality you don't learn. Quality you are born with.
One time I got dressed in all black, Rambo-style, and took a massive pair of bolt-cutters and nicked a military bike.
I read all the time that people think I'm arrogant. They say I am cocky, a bad character. I had that from a young age. But when they meet me, they say, 'That image doesn't fit you.'
When people criticize me, instead of putting my head down, it gives me energy to do even more.
If you are different, or you have minimum possibilities, you can still succeed. I am living proof of that.
You never forget where you come from.
Anything that happens in your life was meant to happen. It is your destiny. I was destined to have the life I have now, and I can't have any regrets.
When you buy me, you are buying a Ferrari. If you drive a Ferrari, you put premium petrol in the tank, you hit the motorway, and you step on the gas.
Nothing is written in stone, as a career is an unpredictable journey.
I think I'm like wine. The older I get, the better I get.
Lionel Messi is awesome.
If I had an ego as big as the Eiffel Tower, would I have won this many collective trophies? I know people like to talk about it. And O.K., I am not going to answer every story. But maybe I will let my collective trophies speak for themselves. I don't know many other footballers who have won as much. Do you?
Never judge a person if you don't know him.
I think I am difficult to satisfy, because when I win something, I'm already thinking about the next step, and that is maybe a problem for me. I'm not enjoying the moment. I'm already on the mission to win the next trophy.
When you have my confidence, I will do 200% for you.
I can't help but laugh at how perfect I am.
One thing is for sure: a World Cup without me is nothing to watch.
I would love to play alongside Wayne Rooney. He does the running of two or three players and makes a lot of space. We would be the perfect combination.
I'm not difficult to work with, trust me.
If anything, the children of Paris should be giving me even more money for having the privilege of being in the same city as my incredible quality. And so should David Beckham. Call it a Zlaritable donation.
I will not look back and say, 'I should have played in England.'
I always put myself second - I like to make others happy.
I'm like the wine. The older I get, the better I get.
I decide my future. I decide what I want to do. Nobody else. If I decide this will be my last year, maybe it is. If I decide it will be my last contract, I decide that. Nobody else. So I will decide when the moment is there.
Every player needs a little time to adjust to new teammates and the mentality of the coach when you change clubs.
The day I leave Paris is the day I go down a level or quit football.
People are very curious and have written a lot of things about me. Right or not. I never comment on those things, because it's not much of my thing to comment on everything that's written about me.
When I went to Juventus, I was young, but in training, I had legends like Fabio Cannavaro and Lilian Thuram marking me. I had to work hard to get my respect.
When I took my shirt off against Caen, everybody asked what these new tattoos were. I had 15 removable tattoos on my body; they are the names of real people who are suffering from hunger in the world.
Everybody tries to score a great goal, and I am lucky I have netted a few.
Jose Mourinho is a big star... he's cool.
At Barca, players were banned from driving their sports cars to training.
I don't like to talk about myself.
I'm not someone who feels settled.
If I'd gone into taekwondo, I'd probably have won several Olympic medals.
It is nice to know that even David Beckham doesn't have good taste in everything.
I always drive like a madman.
When you are the invisible man to the head coach, the only option is to head for the exit.
I got a bike when I was little, a BMX. I called it 'Fido Dido' after the tough little cartoon guy with spiked hair. I thought he was the coolest thing ever.
I am a guy who likes those who drive through red lights.
I am happy in Paris.
I respect the Premier League.
I have a big heart.
People often write after they finish their career, or they don't play anymore, or they are not anymore active. So I say, why do that? And let's do it differently.
