Designer
My father could be very strict, but very fair. His father was the same. We all respected my grandfather; he was the head of the clan. Every morning, we all had to say good morning and kiss his hand. But not me. I jumped on his lap and bit him.
It's important to make women feel confident, because I think they are more important than men.
As a child, I was raised with my grandmother, alongside all my cousins, and the kitchen was always full.
The danger is we're losing sight of what women really want to wear.
I even do my ready-to-wear samples like couture.
Karl Lagerfeld never touched a pair of scissors in his life.
I would rather die than see my face in a car advertisement.
Bill Cunningham... he knows fashion better than anybody.
I work for women. I only think for them. If I didn't like women, I wouldn't do this job.
Anna Wintour doesn't deal with pictures; she is just doing PR and business, and she scares everybody.
'Vogue' remains while its fashion editors come and go.
The foundation of beauty is the body.
I am very curious. Every day, I say: 'What am I going to learn today, and whom am I going to meet?'
Beyonce is a beautiful, elegant woman who is also a wonderful dancer. And her voice is sublime. Just like her husband, Jay-Z, Beyonce has real talent. They are both the kind of truly great artist who will be remembered by history. Their child will be lucky to have such talented parents.
When I was growing up, I never heard the word 'racism.' It was only in Paris I encountered that.
I think women should be seductive, not triste. There's enough sadness in life now without making women look sad, too.
I take it to heart that, for example, there aren't enough funds for AIDS research, but people pay 20 times the value of an item of clothing.
I make clothes; women make fashion.
I never followed fashion. It's women who have dictated my conduct.
If I don't have a model in front of me, I don't have an idea.
I have total confidence in Beaute Prestige International to accompany me in creating a perfume that interprets my work and my world.
I used to spend my nights oversewing dresses for a local dressmaker in order to pay for my school equipment.
I love American girls. They're audacious. They put more outrageous things on their bodies than anybody.
I prefer to stay poor.
I want to speak directly with a star, not her stylist.
I am never sure that anything's good enough. Something that is good today will not be good tomorrow.
I like black, because for me it is a very happy color.
As for success, I don't care for it. It is a fragile thing.
You know Sarkozy offered me the Legion d'honneur medal? I refused. People said I refused because I don't like Sarkozy, but that's ridiculous. I refused because I don't like decorations - except on women.
I am always in doubt; I am never sure of myself.
I put myself on the same level as everyone else around me - from the directrice to the workman, everyone. Except my pets - they are the Kings; you must treat them like royalty.
You have to take things with a lot of laughter. I laugh with everyone; this way, I will be able to die happy.
I have been offered the highest paid contracts in the world. I refused them all. It's not my thing. I don't want to cheat people.
There are certain people I am allergic to. I even intervene when I don't like a customer; I rush in and check all the names. If I don't like them, I don't take them.
