American,Designer
Putting on a new pair of glasses or sunglasses is a simple way to completely transform your look - just like a new hairstyle.
My sister has been there for me through everything.
Every good day starts off with a cappuccino, and there's no place better to enjoy some frothy caffeine than at the Bulgari Hotel.
You can't go wrong mixing classic graphics in black and white. It's very Parisienne.
I believe that things should be let go once they are discussed. Apology accepted. End of story.
I was a little chubby, rosy-cheeked kid.
I love everything about the holidays: the decorations, the parties, and spending time with friends and family. What I love most is that feeling of giving back. Every bit counts.
My whole philosophy is about playing dress-up.
Know your personal style.
I like to have glasses for day and night.
I believe everyone should have a pair of 'party pumps,' something with a little bit of sparkle that is attention grabbing and makes you happy.
Thom Browne, Michael Bastian... all these people that I love, when I finally get to meet them, I'm like, 'You're a cool guy!'
Color-blocking two bold shades feels so modern.
We need more gay in the world! I really believe that.
My favorite thing about Milan is that you see these guys, and it's as if a spaceship came out of the most attractive planet invented and just dropped them off all across the city.
I shop online mostly. I like to shop from the comfort of my own home without a sales person bugging me.
Being on the red carpet is both fun and a little nerve wracking, but more fun.
Fashion Week is like Christmas.
A scuffed up shoe on the red carpet or at a big premiere is never okay! It can really alter the vibe of a trendy look.
Every season challenges me to approach styling in a different way.
I love weddings: happy people coming together to celebrate in great clothes.
I love my dad. There is no doubt about that. He is a wonderful man and a good person. Like many father/son relationships, we have our struggles, our misunderstandings, and our miscommunications. We are very different people, but also very similar at the same time.
I know what it's like and how hard my assistants work, and I try to treat them as fair as possible and make the office a fun environment.
I love red. Red pants. Red suit. Red coat. Red anything.
If you do a smoky eye, chances are you will not want to do a strong lip as well. It's never good to gild the lily.
I love working with Rashida Jones. We just have so much fun together.
I'm a huge Tweeter.
Everyone wants to be sexy.
People aren't hiring me to be a 'yes' man. They have their girlfriends for that.
I love the big, like, basketball sweats... and I only wear vintage T-shirts to bed, because I like the super-thin ones.
Keep your eyes peeled: Honor's the label to watch. It's quickly becoming a serious celebrity favorite - just ask fans Kirsten Dunst and Kelly Osbourne.
I believe every woman should have a flat, a really good wedge, and then the showstopper shoe.
I approach styling as if I were a woman and what I would want to wear to a certain event.
Don't let anyone tell you not to do what you want to do.
I'm not a table-flipper.
One of the biggest struggles in starting out on my own was developing a celebrity client base.
I'm my best billboard.
Some nights, you want to be George Jetson, and other nights, you want to be sexy.
Internships are so instrumental, but not only do you need to get them, you need to work at them.
When you're an assistant, you're executing the wishes of your boss.
I'm obsessed with the Clarisonic brush. It actually makes you feel like you've had a facial. It helps prevent ingrown hairs after shaving, too.
For my skin, Neutrogena dry body oil is heaven!
I want to keep my clients happy, and the pressure's on me as the boss to manage my three assistants and make sure that everything is getting done. There's less time for tears and more time for bossing people around.
Old Hollywood glamour just seems, well, old.
I'm Canadian, so I'm a big fan of the Canadian tuxedo - that's what we call it. I wear it all the time.
I want my clients to trust me.
I went to school to be an actor in Canada and realized I hated auditions once I left, which is a huge problem if you want to get a part.
You have to realize I grew up in a real hockey town. And there I was wearing bow ties and watching the gayest movies on the face of Earth, like 'Clueless.'
I know that I basically have the same hair as Beaker from 'the Muppets.'
Thom Browne is like a wizard when it comes to clothes. Even though his suits are so shrunken, they feel like pajamas.
When I used to have braces, I would match my rubber bands to the season.
A 'lewk' is like, 'I'm wearing a lewk today,' it's something that everybody will notice. It's like you're out of the pages of a magazine, that's a lewk.
Everyone needs to have a denim shirt in your wardrobe. They work in the evening with a blazer or over your shoulder. They're great to pair with a pair of shorts - roll up the sleeves, unbutton it to show a peekaboo of your tank top.
Long chiffon pleated skirts look great with sandals or sneakers and a tank top or denim top.
I do hope to increase what I do into a Brad Goreski brand.
I cancel going out if my hair doesn't look good.
I used to like going out so much, and now I can't get myself to leave home.
I love having beautiful furniture and things, but I don't want my space to look like a showroom.
I work with a lot of lovely ladies.
I have a very small platform, and if I can use that to reach some kid who's teased for being effeminate or likes clothes, then I've done my job.
One of my style commandments is to always have beautifully radiant skin.
From shoes that are a size too small to a dress that doesn't fit quite right, there are incredible pieces in most wardrobes that have never been worn.
I like to stand out in the crowd. So anytime a designer offers up items that are a little attention grabbing or pushing the boundaries ever so slightly, I'm always game for that.
I gravitate toward floral and graphic prints.
I was twelve years old when I started reading 'Vogue.'
There are so many levels in fashion that I'm happy to dip in and dip out of it all.
The white pump is the new nude heel.
I give people style tips in Whole Foods. Wherever I go, people want to ask me questions all the time, and I'm more than happy to answer them. I love talking to people.
Whether it's a canvas tote or Givenchy, a day bag you love is essential. It doesn't have to be a fashion It bag of the season, either.
I wear what I want.
At the Academy Awards every year, there are best-dressed stars - and worst-dressed stars. But it's the worst-dressed that go down in history.
Some of the 'worst' red carpet looks of all time, it turns out, were really just ahead of their time.
Overall, we've lost risk-takers on the red carpet at the Academy Awards. All too often, stars play it safe.
I'm not in the business of holding people's hands after I've expressed to them my needs numerous times.
I'm a crier. You won't see me lashing out, but you will see me crying a lot.
As an Old Navy style attendant, I'm all about upgrading your bare basics and presenting them to your customer as basics you need to have in your wardrobe.
For me, people see me working with my celebrity clients, but it's important to show people how they can make their lives their own red carpet every day.
If you wear a white polka dot on your legs, you're going to want to wear a black polka dot on top.
I only travel with a carry-on suitcase in most instances.
I always have my Bose headphones. I have to have the noise-cancelling headphones.
With glitzy add-ons, the bright, girly dress you bought for daywear becomes fancy enough for evening.
Everything is very individual for me in the way that I work; I don't just show a rotating rack of clothes.
I don't avoid trends. You do definitely want to be on-trend, but I do like to pick and choose the things that I'm seeing. And not every trend will work on every client of mine.
I'm not opposed to doing a fashion line, but I want to make sure it's the right thing and make sure its something people actually want instead of putting out a bunch of stuff that's already been done.
My childhood bedroom had wallpaper that was printed with clouds and rainbows.
We all need relaxed outfits in our arsenals.
A blouse that hits at the hips or above will keep you from seeming shapeless in a flowy skirt.
If you keep everything in the same palette of tone-on-tone neutrals, even a laid-back outfit of a slouchy sweater, jeans, and sneakers gives you a longer, leaner look.
I like to work out while I'm away - it's good to clear my head and makes me feel cuter poolside.
Obviously, sometimes I just feel like looking like a box of crayons.
I'm a stylist, so I've been conditioned to setting up my own clothes like a fitting.
As my own boss, I have the opportunity to get to work with great brands like Old Navy, and I get to style some looks together that people can actually buy and afford.
I think women are usually a little bit nervous about wearing white denim.
I'm more of a Cristal Connors than a Nomi Malone.
I love what I do. I work a lot, I work all the time, but I love it.
I believe the way we dress on a daily basis is our message we put out to the world.
You really do have the license during fashion week to wear the things that you wouldn't necessarily wear to dinner, because it really is a fashion parade.
I think sometimes when our childhoods are difficult, we forget that there's also a lot of joy.
I loved playing with Barbies - that's why I didn't stop!
Walk out of the house the way you feel you want to look that day - it doesn't mean you have to stick to that style for the rest of your life.
I was heavily involved in musical theater.
I love wearing bow ties for no particular reason.
Wearing a great shoe is essential for me.
My hope always when I am working with a new client is that I will cultivate a relationship with them: develop a dialogue and a way of working. This makes it easy for a star to trust you.
My grandmother, in her retirement home, actually has a picture of me from 'Star' magazine on their fashion police list. I think that's hilarious, but if Grandma approves, then I feel like I am all good.
I like to communicate on my Instagram page with people: use it as a window to my world.
Any dialogue about fashion is a good dialogue.
I love Chanel. Chanel, Chanel, Chanel, Chanel!
If my assistant goes off and becomes successful, and people want to work with him, I'd take that as a compliment that I'd trained them well.
If you're going to walk out of the house in jeans and T-shirt, what can you do to make that interesting? Is it putting on a bright-colored pair of high-tops or a cool leather jacket?
I'm obsessed with sparkle for men. It's so funny watching people's reaction to a disco-ball shoe!
Whether it's something with a chunkier heel or a moto style, you need a great pair of boots.
Paris is one of my favorite cities, but Paris during Fashion Week is everything!
Studs are the easiest way to add some edge to your outfit.
Everyone should have a great leather jacket in their wardrobe. It is perfect to wear with a T-shirt and jeans and great pair of high tops.
Leather and lace is such a sexy combination.
I would love to work with Julia Roberts at some point.
Someone I would love to do a beautiful and glamorous red carpet moment is Lady Gaga.
I am very lucky to have the opportunity to travel to so many amazing destinations for work!
I am a sale shopper. I love a discounted item.
I sing in full voice in the car and have a tendency to harmonize badly.
If you are going through something with one of your parents, you know that there is this feeling inside you constantly that something is wrong. Even if you want to pretend that it doesn't matter to you or you don't care, the truth of the matter is that you do, because they are your parents and you love them.
In this day and age of texts, Twitter, and Facebook, we are very rarely surprised by anything anymore - something always leaks out and gets spoiled.
Peter Som is one of my favorite designers. I love his clothes so much.
As the stylist, sometimes you see things that you love that don't work, and that's OK. That's why we have fittings!
Sometimes when I'm being photographed, I hear the voice of this photographer who told me when I was about six while he was taking my school photo that I didn't have a nice smile, and I shouldn't smile in photos.
I love Shay Mitchell. She is so beautiful, talented, and sweet.
As a stylist, it is important for me to always steer my clients in the right direction and to push them when I feel it is necessary.
I love New York! It's probably my favorite city in the entire world.
I have been so lucky to have the support of 'InStyle' magazine. My first big women's fashion story was for them.
Going into 'Details' magazine to pitch concepts for a potential photo shoot was one of the most nerve-wracking things I had ever done. I didn't really know what one did in a pitch, how they were structured, etc., and that freaked me out big time.
I love it when people know what they like and what looks good on them.
It's very rare that I get really upset about something my assistants have done.
I have been a big fan of Coco Rocha's for many, many years. I have seen her walk in runway shows, pose like no other in photo shoots, and naturally follow her every move on Twitter and Instagram.
