French,Designer
The world needs some excitement from fashion.
In Italy, the Milanese are well organized but follow bourgeois taste. They adhere to certain codes of elegance, but not to individualism.
I look for friends who make me laugh.
If I was a fashion designer just following trends or designing for celebrities, I would not be fulfilled.
Going out in Paris was like going out in the '30s dressed like the Andrews Sisters. It was everything I'd seen in books at my grandparents' house, only it was our generation.
I'd experienced the '40s and '50s by looking at my grandparents' old clothes, books, and magazines.
The notion of time bothers me. You look at thirty-year-old photographs and realize how the time has passed.
We all look for lost time.
There's always some kind of hidden logic.
Italy is a divided country without a center.
They say that the best furniture and clothing design from the '50s and '60s is Scandinavian or Milanese.
But the Milanese have made bad choices, bad fashion, and bad jewelry.
I translated Beatles songs for my English class.
French design hardly exists, except as artificial modernism.
There are days when I'm completely depressed and able to do only one drawing.
The idea of seeing everybody clad the same is not really my cup of tea.
Since I was a child I've loved going to the opera, theatre and ballet.
For me, I am still very happy to be able to do stage design as it's an opportunity to express the extreme.
I am still in love with couture because it is just two months from drawing pad to runway so everything on the catwalk is hot from the oven.
Fashion needs to be worn.
If you look back at the history of creativity in clothes - the French Revolution, the First World War and the Second World War - they have all been creative reinventions, the moment new forms of luxury come into play.
Very skinny women don't look beautiful in clothes.
I never loved the world around me as it was.
I think it's always difficult to reconcile the needs of art and business.
I am not nostalgic for the past.
People want to be in their own fashion tribes, so they want to wear the same clothes to be connected to everyone else in that tribe. But they want to be different from other tribes.
